###Next D 1
“Please don’t do this.” I begged over and over, but no one was listening. I thrashed against their hold, but nothing. “I am your luna.” I screamed at the top of my lungs, but then his laugh from the other room broke all the fight in me. “Luke please.” I begged once more time, my voice horse.
“Kill it once it’s done. Toss her out. She will have to survive on her own from here on out.”
He can’t mean that. This was our baby. “Our baby.”
“Is a mistake from the Moon Goddess. One I will rectify.” His voice called again from the other room. He wouldn’t even face me. “Now do it. That’s an order.”
“Yes, Alpha.”
It was a mistake to come here.
It was a mistake to give him everything.
“Oh, and doctor?” Her sweet voice called from the other room. My stepsister, Shannon. I gritted my teeth. “Don’t use any anesthetic. She should feel everything.”
“Yes, Luna.” The doctor turned back to me with sad eyes, but when he picked up the scalpel, I knew I was screwed.
I’m sorry, baby. Momma couldn’t save you. She wanted you so, so much. I tried to rub my stomach, but the nurses had strapped me down. When the doctor approached, I realized he was using a silver blade.
“Silver?” My whisper was almost silent, but he nodded. I knew then that Shannon didn’t want me to survive. She wanted my life so badly that she lied about me cheating on my mate, showing photos as proof. But I never touched another wolf, nor would I again, not after this betrayal.
Why, Moon Goddess, why would you give him to me just to take him away? My pup.
I cried silently as the doctor cut into my abdomen, and I felt my baby thrash inside. He knew it was too early to be born. This was a death sentence for both of us.
“Bring me the body of the pup.”
“Yes Alpha.” I felt every slice as he cut into me, and finally I could take it no longer. I started to scream, soon I felt the blood trickling down my side, every drip off of me hitting the floor. I thrashed against the restraints. But the silver had made me weak.
I’m sorry, baby.
They weren’t trying to keep me alive, which I expected, but I wished wasn’t true. I used to love my mate, but I felt the love die in me when I saw my pup being ripped from my belly.
“Please, let me hold him once.” I tried to move my arms to reach for him, but I was still tied down. The doctor, who was shedding tears, brought my pup and laid him on my chest.
He was perfect. I rubbed his scent on my face and mine on his. He would forever be a part of my soul.
My missing piece.
“Doctor, now.”
“Yes Alpha.” The doctor picked the baby up and rushed out, leaving me spread open to the elements.
I felt my life slipping away as the door opened and Shannon came in. Her smug smile was firmly in place.
“I told you I would take your life, Amy. I would have your mate. And I have, over and over, since he found out of your betrayal.” Shannon walked over and laid a kiss on my face as I snarled. “He is perfection. And don’t worry. I will give him another son.” She laid her hand on her stomach and I started to laugh. “What’s so funny?”
“I can smell the beta on you. That’s Derek’s child, and it’s a girl. Nice try though.”
She snarled and raised her hand, growing her claws to deliver the final blow, but the door was ripped open and my mate, the man I now hated most in the world, stepped inside. His eyes were red, and I started to laugh again.
“You bitch!” He snarled and struck out, whipping Shannon to the other side of the room.
“Brandon!” Shannon shrieked as she hit the wall. “What’s wrong?” She staggered to her feet, but more blood dripped out of me and I closed my eyes.
“You lied!” He screamed, shaking the walls as his aura struck out, but I could barely feel it. I felt the silver travelling in my veins getting closer to my sluggish heart. “This was my pup. I can smell me on him. He was mine.” Brandon’s eyes grew redder as the tears gathered. “You said she cheated on me and that it wasn’t my pup.”
“She did cheat on you. I guess I was wrong about the pup.”
“You said you smelt it.” From the sound of it, he lunged for her again, but him clutching our baby in his arm was the last thing I saw. And I wanted to never see it again. He did this to us. Not Shannon.
She played her part well, sure, but him not believing me, not waiting for a few more days to smell the pup, that was his fault. And all of our downfalls.
I prayed for the moon goddess to take me. I no longer wanted to be here. I wanted to be with my pup.
“Save her.”
“No!” Shannon screamed. “I am the Luna now, you marked me last night.” Ah, so that was the pain I felt last night. His betrayal had bile shoot into my mouth. “I am bearing your pup.”
I started to laugh again. I cracked my eyes to see my mate, Brandon, hovering next to me. “Stay with me Amy.”
“Beta’s baby. She is fucking…the beta.” I choked out the words and laughed as horror bloomed in his eyes. Blood flew from my mouth as I smiled again.
“Save her.”
“No!” I slammed out, putting all of my power in it. “Don’t move.” I used my Alpha strength to freeze everyone, including my mate.
“How?” Brandon looked down at me, pleading. “Let me save you.”
“I am descended from the Moon Goddess, and you don’t deserve to save me. You don’t deserve our pup. You were weak. And now you lost everything.” I smiled up at him as I felt my life from my body.
And then I was free.
###Next D 2
Chapter Two
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-18 07:01:57
I opened my eyes to find myself surprisingly alive. “Amy hurry, you’re going to be late.” I jolted up and look around, confused. What was going on? Where was I? “Amy!” The voice called again and I shook myself. I stood up from the bed and looked around again. I recognized this room. It was my childhood bedroom.
I hadn’t stepped foot in this room since I found my mate, Brandon. I heard a knock on the door and my mother opened it. Before I could process what was happening, I ran into my mother’s arms. “Mom, you’re here.” I started to cry. “I’ve missed you so much.”
“Amy. My girl.” She laughed as she patted my back. “I saw you yesterday.” She pulled back and I looked into her amber eyes that matched my own. “Happy birthday, baby.”
I leaned into her hands and realized that today was the last day I spent at home. I found my mate on my eighteenth birthday. “Thank you, mom.”
“Hopefully, you will meet your mate today and start your new life.” She smiled at me and I felt my blood freeze. I didn’t want to meet Brandon. Not when I knew what was going to happen.
“I’d rather stay here with you.” I smiled as I kissed her cheek. “I don’t want to miss you and Morgan.
And I knew that when Brandon thought I cheated on him, before he killed my baby and me. He killed my mother for her involvement. Shannon’s father, my mother’s husband, watched her die. Don’t get me wrong I knew he loved my mother, and he was hurting, but his scheming daughter was the cause of all of this. He stood by and watched it all happen.
I understood why he supported his daughter, but I didn’t like it, nor him, for that matter.
“Baby. You won’t miss us. We will be there every step of the way.” She kissed my cheek, and I wrapped my fingers around hers.
“Mom, can we just leave? You and me? Leave Shannon and Morgan and move back to daddy’s pack?” My father, the Alpha of the Silvermoon pack, wasn’t a good husband, but he was a good man. He cheated on my mother, betraying her when he was drunk. But he swore it was a mistake. It was another Alpha’s maneuverings to break them up, but my mother said it didn’t matter. It was too late.
His betrayal cost the life of my brother growing inside of her, and she refused to move past it.
“No baby. I can’t go back.” My mother’s face fell as she turned away.
“I don’t want to be betrayed, mom. Not like you and not any worse. I don’t want a mate.” I whispered my new truth.
“Mates don’t hurt each other, baby.” She tried to smile but I shook. I knew exactly what mates do to each other.
“Would you be made if I refused my mate?”
“God no baby. The Moon Goddess makes a path clear, but it is up to us to choose it. If you don’t want your mate, you can reject him.”
“And if it is the Alpha’s son?”
My mother looked at me. She knew that if it was the Alpha’s son, I would be screwed. They wouldn’t allow me to leave. An Alpha has to mate his first mate, even for a day to come into his full power. “What do you know?” I watched as her eyes searched mine.
I pulled her back into my room and away from the door. “I don’t know for sure, but I am terrified that if I am mated to Shannon’s boyfriend, I will die after we are mated. Mom, the chances that he will match with an Alpha far outweigh the chance that he is mated to the daughter of the beta.” I pulled back. “I don’t want this for me.”
She weighed my words, and I watched as she came to the same conclusion. “Okay baby. But you can’t leave. It would be too conspicuous. You will have to mask your scent whenever he is around.”
I tossed my hands in the air. “How would I do that?”
“There is much you don’t know that I would leave in the past but if you are sure…” She trailed off and I just nodded my head. “Then let me make a few calls. You don’t have to go to school today.”
I lept back into her arms. “Thank you, mom. I don’t know what I would do without you.”
“I love you, baby. You will never be without me. That I can promise you.” She kissed my cheek and then left me alone in my room.
I ran to my phone and checked the date to make sure. It was twenty eighteen; I went back six years. Six years to the day that I met Brandon. I could relive everything, make better choices. I could live, and maybe this time around, so would my pup.
I rubbed my flat stomach. “Don’t worry, my pup. This time around, no one will hurt you.”
I went into my ensuite and jumped into the shower. No way was I going to face today, looking like I just crawled out of bed. I stood in side my closet in a towel trying to figure out what to wear when I heard my bedroom door open.
I was about to turn and call out to my mother, but I heard a soft step, which my mother wouldn’t do. So I hid behind my winter coats and I waited.
“I’m telling you, if she is Brandon’s mate, I’m going to kill her.”
“You can’t mean that, Shan.” The nasily voice of Megan, Shannon’s best friend, came from the cell phone pressed to her ear.
“Of course I do. Brandon is mine.”
“Only because you put out. He was hoping Shannon would notice him.”
“You shut your fucking mouth, Megan.” Shannon snarled and her eyes flashed. “He’s mine.”
“Whatever I gotta go. Hurry the fuck up before I leave your ass,” Megan called, and then the line went dead. A honk sounded from outside and Shannon was snatching something before I grabbed her hand.
“What do you think you’re doing in my closet?”
“Amy?” Shannon’s mouth dropped out. I squeezed her hand until I heard a crack. Her scream was muffled by my hand.
“You’re lucky I only broke one finger. You just threatened to kill me. Didn’t I hear that correctly? A beta’s daughter threatening an alpha.” I tsked.
“I didn’t do shit.” She snarled back at me as her hand reformed.
“Lie again and I will break all of your fingers and hold them while the bones heal.” I couldn’t stop my grin as I felt her tremble. “Did you threaten me?”
“Yes.” she screamed at me. “You’re going to take Brandon from me.”
“I don’t want your pathetic alpha now or ever. Keep him.” I pushed her away. “Now get out of my room before I change my mind about maiming you.” I turned back to my clothes and picked out low-rise jeans and a tank top.
“What the fuck is your problem?”
“You. Now leave.” I let my wolf come forward and my eyes flashed. I pushed my alpha command into my words and forcing her out of my room. Stupid bitch. How dare she come into my room to take something of mine? My wolf growled lowly. This was our den. I shook myself and refocused. Closing the doors, I hopped back into bed, pulling out my phone. I tried to remember everything that happened in the last six years that could help me with my plan. Because make no mistake, Brandon and Shannon would pay.
###Next D 3
Chapter Three
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-19 10:22:44
“Pack your bags, Amy.” My mom came in, surprising me from the list I was making.
“What?” I looked up. “Why?”
“You are going to spend the summer with your father. I already got the approval from the Alpha.” Mom smiled down at me. “Come on, baby. Pack your bag and get ready.”
I jumped to my feet and ran to my mom. “I can go?”
“Just for the summer, baby, then you will be back here with me. I had to promise that you would be returning here.”
I pouted. “Mom, I really don’t want to be here.” I wanted to make them pay, but I wouldn’t risk him finding me.
“It’s okay baby, you will understand once you see your dad.” She patted my hair and kissed my cheek. “Now get ready.”
“Okay mom.” I kissed her back then she left me alone. I grabbed my phone to lock it and then turned back to my closet. I packed my bag and then headed into my bathroom when I heard the downstairs door slam open.
“I fucking knew it.” I heard Shannon scream down stairs. I ignored her as I grabbed everything from my bathroom and then I grabbed my laptop and chargers. I stuffed everything in to my backpack and headed downstairs.
“Shannon, why are you screaming?” Morgan was at the table with his coffee, and my mom was running around when I pushed my suitcase into the room.
“I’m not Brandon’s mate, daddy.” Shannon flew into the room and dove into his arms.
“How are you so sure?” Morgan wrapped his arms around her, but I just snickered. She snapped her eyes to me and she flew at me.
“It’s you. You stupid whore.” Shannon tried to claw out my eyes. But I just sent her flying with a backhand.
“Amy!” Morgan got to his feet but my mom tsked.
“Morgan, you can’t yell ay Amy for protecting herself. Shan attacked her first.” My mom placed my breakfast on the table. “Amy, come eat. You have a long day ahead.”
“Babe? Why does Amy have a suitcase?”
“She is going away for the summer. To her fathers.” My mother turned to me and opened her arms. “Come baby. Come eat. The car is coming and you need to be ready to go.”
I walked over and sat down, and dug in.
“Why is she going to her dads?” Morgan walked over to pick Shannon up.
“She wanted to spend the summer with her dads before college and who am I to say no?” My mom smiled down at me and I smiled back at her. I didn’t know what was going to happen this summer to protect me from Brandon finding out I was his mate, but I needed it. Whatever it was, I needed it.
“Yeah, my dad called me this morning and since I haven’t seen him since Christmas break and when he offered to fly me out, I asked my mom.” I smiled sweetly over at Morgan, and Shannon smiled.
“You’re leaving?” Shannon stood up.
“Yup. I’ll be gone the full summer.” I smirked over at her. “But my room is locked, and it will stay that way.” My smile dropped away as I stared at her and used my alpha command.
“Amy!” Morgan yelled out. “You know you’re not allowed to alpha command your step sister!”
“And I wouldn’t have Morgan, if I hdn’t found her in my room this morning, trying to take things out of my closet.” I turned and raised my eyebrow, daring her to try to lie.
“Is that true?” Morgan looked down at Shannon and I just stared at her. I watch her open her mouth to deny it.
“I wouldn’t lie. I’ll just command you to tell the truth.” She screeched and stomped her foot.
“Yes!” she screamed. “Are you happy? Yes, I went into her closet to steal some clothes because I know she is Brandon’s mate.”
“How?” I threw up my hands, playing like I didn’t know the truth. “How could you possibly know that I am his mate? Neither of us has scented each other.”
“Because he scented you on me!” Her voice was hitting a higher octave, and my ears were starting to hurt.
“Calm down. You’re hurting everyone’s ears and just explain yourself.” My mom sat next to me at the table, rubbing her head.
“Last month, Brandon turned eighteen, and I was wearing Amy’s dress. He scented around me and said I smelt divine. But when I’m not wearing her clothes, he has zero interest in me.” Shannon pouted.
“So he likes the way I smell, doesn’t mean we are mates.” I pointed out. Completely and utterly denouncing Brandon as a mate. If I didn’t accept him, he would never be my mate anyway, and I would never accept him. That was the only thing I was sure of.
Brandon would be the last male I would ever touch this time around.
“Stop being obtuse Amy. We all know what it means when a wolf likes your smell.” Shannon started to cry and buried her head in her hands. “He’s the male I want, daddy. The only one I would ever accept. But he wants her.” She pointed to me.
I scoffed. “I don’t want your sloppy seconds, Shannon. Even if he was my mate, and I am not saying he is. It would be a cold day in hell before I accepted him as a mate. I would take the Lycan King over Brandon.” I threw my head back and laughed when she gasped.
The Lycan king was the bogeyman of all wolves.
The last Lycan to exist and one who lives in the wild. It’s said the only wolves that ever see his face are the council that oversees the packs.
But either way, I wasn’t lying. I would take the King as a mate before I would even look in Brandon’s vicinity.
“You’re lying. He’s the alpha.”
“And?”
“Everyone wants to be the luna.”
“Idiots want to be the luna.” I turned back and finished my food as Morgan calmed her down. My mom stood when she heard a horn.
“That’s for you.”
I nodded as I stood and kissed my mother goodbye before I left.
###Next D 4
Chapter Four
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-21 01:30:25
I slipped into the back of the car after putting my bags in the back and buckled in. I had barely takin a breath before I launched myself over the seats and into the driver’s arms.
His laugh made my eyes prickle. “Hey love bug.”
“Uncle Ronnie. I’ve missed you.” I climbed over the seats and sat up front. “What are you doing here?” Ronnie was my dad’s beta. Not related, but he had been there for most of my life.
“You think I was going to let my cheeky niece come to pack lands alone? Not on your life.”
“Dad sent you?” I laughed.
“Dad sent me. He is a worry wart your da.” He smiled over and laughed with me. “As soon as your mom called, he sent me with the jet.”
“He didn’t have to.” I just shook my head and buckled my seatbelt.
“Of course he did. He never gets to see you enough, and now you’re sending in the summer. What’s going on?” My uncle looked at me and I just shook my head.
“I don’t want to be here.”
“Why?”
I looked down at my hands that were twisted. “I’m afraid that my mate is here and I don’t want to be right. I figured if I ran away, I could push off the inevitability.”
“Why wouldn; t you want your mate?” My uncle asked as he zipped down the highway toward the airport.
“I’ll tell both you and dad, just not now.” My uncle looked over at me, searching my face and then nodding.
“Fine, but I want the full story.”
“You will get it, I swear.” I nodded back to the road. “Now focus on driving so you don’t kill us.” I grabbed the wheel, swerving back into our own lane.
“Fuck!” Uncle Ronnie grabbed the wheel from me and focused back on the road. “I just worry about you, pup.” I couldn’t stop the laugh because wolves stopped aging at twenty-five, and he looked barely older than me.
“I know you do.” I settled back into my seat and sighed. “I promise, what happened isn’t going to make that feeling any better.” I wiped at my face. “I don’t even know why my mom is sending me to my dad. She just said that he could help me.”
“Well, let’s hurry and get back so we can figure out what you need, Sugar.” My uncle hit the gas, and we ended up at the airport in no time.
We loaded my bags and headed up to the jet, settling in there. “Close your eyes. You look like you barely slept today and we have a few hours.” My uncle patted my head before he sat across from me and opened his laptop.
“Work?”
“Work.” He nodded.
“This summer, can you teach me some stuff?” A plan was forming in my mind, a plan not only to keep myself free from my pathetic mate, but one that would make me a lot of money.
“Of course, Sugar.” My uncle smiled up at me. “You know, your dad would teach you just about everything he could if you were open to it.”
“I asked to move to your pack.” I snuggled into the blanket the flight attendant handed me, and Ronnie froze.
“What is going on?” His eyes flashed.
“I’ll explain later. Just promise you will try to believe me and not judge me.”
“Of course, Sugar.” He smiled and then turned back to the laptop on his lap. “Now get some sleep.”
“Will do.” I turned away and fell asleep almost instantly.
I woke up to Ronnie shaking me. “We are here.”
I gave an enormous yawn and cracked my jaw before wiping my eyes. “Okay.” I handed off the blanket and wiped my face again. “Thank you.”
“No problem, Princess.” The flight attendant smiled down at me, and I realized belatedly that she was from the pack too.
“You don’t have to call me Princess.”
“You are the Alpha’s daughter.” She bowed and then left us to our own devices.
“Come on, your dad has already linked me three times since landing.” Ronnie laughed and whisked me off to the waiting car. With in thirty minutes we were at our pack lands. “You dad would allow you to move here if you wanted to, Sugar.”
“I know. But Alpha Dan won’t allow me to leave…” I looked over and blew out a breath. “I think he assumes something I am running from and won’t let me leave until he knows for sure.”
“You going to tell me yet, Sugar.”
I hesitated as we pulled up out front of the pack house. Before I could answer the door was ripped open and I was surrounded by powerful arms and a smell that made my quaking insides settle.
“Dad.”
“Hey my pup.” His deep voice calmed me further, and I could feel my eyes prickle.
“I’ve missed you.” I sniffled as he unbuckled my seat belt and I was in his arms fully.
“As I have missed you.” He kissed my temple. “Now we have much to discuss.” He was running with me before I could utter another word, with Ronnie following behind.
“Slow down, jack ass. Some of us can’t move that fast.” Ronnie struggled to keep up and my laughter filled the halls of the pack house. We settled in my father’s office with an out of breath Ronnie, who was scowling. God, I missed these two.
“Tell me what’s wrong, pup.” I looked around and still I stumbled over my words. My father grabbed my face and shook his head. “Nothing you tell me will change anything, pup. I believe you, no matter how crazy it seems.”
“Agreed Sugar.”
My insides settled when I saw how resolute he was. He would believe my craziness. I could tell no matter how crazy my story was, my father and Ronnie would believe everything I said.
I never had to second guess if I was going crazy here.
So finally I settled fully and told my story.
###Next D 5
Chapter Five
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-21 04:17:39
“I lived another life, and I died.” I stumbled over my words and I felt my father freeze. A quick look to Ronnie had him locking the door and waving his hands. I felt the air still, but I was focused on my father’s eyes. “This morning I woke up six years in the past after living until I was twenty-four, and growing my own pup only to have my mate to rip him from my body.”
My father’s and Ronnie’s snarl shook the walls, but I raised my hands. “He betrays me for my step sister who convinced him that I cheated and the pup wasn’t his, so he killed us both using silver scalpels, and killing any love I had for him at the same time.” I looked up at my father and the tears rolled down my face.
“Pup.” His voice was choked up, but I raised my hand.
“I don’t want him to be my mate, daddy. I know I won’t survive it. I need to change it. Everything, and it starts with hiding my scent. I told mom what I needed, and she called you. How are you going to help me?” I was starting to panic. “I don’t want to die. I don’t want my pup ripped from my stomach only for him to smell himself on him. I don’t want to create life just to have it ripped from me daddy. I can’t.” My soul was ripping and even though I want revenge, this was the first time I was given to truly grieve the lost of my pup.
“Sugar.” Ronnie’s voice was barely a whisper and then I felt my father lose control.
“Who?” His voice was pure darkness front he depths of hell. His fist slammed into the desk, creaking the thick wood, and I looked up to find my father’s wolf looking back at me. “Who hurt you, my pup? Who killed my grand pup?” Loki’s voice was deeper than I had ever heard and his eyes promised retribution.
“Brandon, the alpha’s son.” I whispered the final piece and everything seemed to click. The air rushed back in and my father’s wolf shifted into his black form. I screamed and Ronnie dove in front of the door.
Loki snarled, but Ronnie held firm. “You can’t go kill him for something that hasn’t come to pass yet, Loki. You know how this works. You have been through it yourself.” But Loki just snarled.
“Daddy, please.” I begged. I knew if he got out, Brandon and Shannon were dead and the council would be on his doorstop. Loki whirled on me and softened at the devastation he saw on my face. He padded over and licked the tears from my face before going back behind the desk and shifting again.
“I’m sorry Amy, I lost myself for a moment.” He opened a door and slipped into some shorts. He wiped at his face before he sat back down. “I guess its our turn to come clean.”
“Daddy?” I sniffled and looked up at him.
“I’m not just a wolf, although, as you can see, Loki is very much a part of me.” His laughter was weak, but I just smiled. “My mother was a shaman of our people, a witch, and my father had to have her. Even if it was just for a night. And I was born.”
“A witch?” I dropped my hands, and he just had a small, sad smile.
“Yeah. You would have loved her, but witches don’t live like us. They have the lifespan of a human, a flash in the pan. She was gone long before I met your mother.” He shook his head. “One of her powers was exactly what you explained, a second chance. The moon goddess passed us down with the same powers. I had mine when I was your age as well.”
I jolted back as he nodded. “What?”
“I never cheated on your mother.” His words were soft. “I alpha commanded a wolf to pretend I did when she came to me and told me she was with pup. You see, in my first life, I stayed with her and we had three wonderful pups, but one night, my enemies attacked and the four of your were all murdered.” His swallow was thick.
“Daddy.”
“I couldn’t lose you, not all of my pups, so when I woke up four years in the past, I acted. You were just a babe. I never got your brothers or sister, which broke me for a time. But I had you.” He swallowed back his tears as I reached his side. “I told your mother I betrayed her.”
“She said she felt it.”
He nodded slowly. “When a wolf betrays their marked mate, the mate feels the worse pain imaginable.”
“Yes, he does.” Ronnie growled out and I darted my eyes back to his face and I realized something.
“Mom and Morgan.”
“It doesn’t happen often enough to make a big deal out of it.” My dad growled out.
“But it happens enough that you feel the pain.” Ronnie growled out.
“Mom doesn’t know.” I wrapped my arms around my father. “She wouldn’t ever if she knew.”
“I know, princess, but you can’t tell her. I’m sure I passed the fate, since I made it past my death…but now, now it would break her to find out the truth.” My dad squeezed me.
“So she felt you take another female?” I hugged him back, but he just shook his head.
“I used my power to fake the pain. She was crying inside of our room, and I was in the next room, breaking my own heart.”
“Daddy?”
“It was losing her and you, or losing everything. And I knew I would still get to see my little girl.” My dad pulled back. “But anyway, I didn’t tell you so you would feel bad for me, but to know that you have power too. Power to hide your scent, at the very least. But I will teach you how to wield it this summer.”
“Thank you, dad.”
“Don’t thank me yet. This summer will probably be the worst you have ever had, but it will save you in the long run.”
“Once everything is done, I need you to promise me something, daddy.”
“What is it, pumpkin?” My dad always called me new nicknames when he was worried.
“After I have done what I need to do, we are going to tell mom the truth.”
“Baby, we can’t.”
“She is stronger than you think. And she never moved on. She only got with Morgan because she thought I needed a male’s protection in the new pack. And she didn’t like the attention she was getting from the Alpha.”
My dad growled and hit his desk again and then nodded. “Fine. We will tell her.”
“Thank you, daddy.” I kissed his cheek.
“Now go get settled, we will start tomorrow morning, but I know a certain someone who is pounding down the pack house doors to try to see you.”
I smiled and shook my head. Cass was my best friend and soul sister. “Cass?”
“Has been champing at the bit as soon as she heard you were coming, so go see her.”
“I love you two.”
“And we love you, sugar.” Ronnie kissed my head. “I’d kill your alpha mate if I could.”
###Next D 6
Chapter Six
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-22 10:57:54
I walked to my room and screamed when I was tackled to the ground. I started laughing as Cassie got off me. “Why the heck didn’t you tell me you were coming?” She punched my shoulder as I stood.
“I didn’t know until this morning.” I hugged her to my side. “I missed you.”
“I missed you too.” She pulled back and tossed me a small box. “Happy birthday.”
I laughed again. “With everything that has happened, I had pretty much forgotten that it’s my birthday today.”
“The big eighteen. Have you shifted yet?” Cassie jumped up and down with excitement.
I just shook my head. “I don’t shift. You know that.” My face fell. I heard chuffing inside of my head.
“I think you are just blocking it. You have a wolf. We all feel her.” She bumped her hip into mine. “I can feel she wants out.” My wolf chuffed in agreement.
Cassie is smarter than you. My wolf’s voice ricochetted in my mind and I just smiled. There are things I cannot tell you, even now, but eventually, if we are lucky, you will find out your answers.
I rolled my eyes. Yet another non answer from Nix, my wolf. She snorted back to me and then receded into the back of my mind.
“Nix still not answering you?”
“She is, but it’s more of her non answers.” I grabbed my bag and opened it up. “You will never guess what happened today.”
Cassie flopped on my bed. “Tell me everything.”
I opened my mouth to tell her I lived before and my father’s voice sounded in my mind. Baby girl, I know you might want to tell Cassie what happened with your first life, and I understand the need, but don’t tell anyone yet. You can’t seal their tongue and our heritage is dangerous.
Okay, dad. I won’t.
I love you. Then his voice was gone and I had to reorganize my thoughts.
“Tell me.” Cassie threw a pillow at me and I shook my head.
“I think the alpha’s son is my mate, and so does Shannon. She lost her ever loving mind, and was stealing my clothes so that he would pay attention to her.” I shook my head in disgust.
“She was trying to steal your mate?” Cassie’s eyes flashed.
“She can have him. I don’t want or need her sloppy seconds. Even if she hadn’t already fucked him, which I am sure she has, I wouldn’t have wanted him. He is mean and vindictive. And just…small.”
“Like small, small?” Cassie held her finger and thumb close together and shot her eyes to the apex of my thighs and I bent over laughing, tears springing to my eyes as she joined in.
“I have no idea.” I wiped my eyes after I calmed down. “Nor do I want to. I just mean even as an alpha, he gives off small man energy? I don’t even know how to explain it exactly. Just that even when he is pushing his alpha aura, I feel nothing, not even a little bit, not even a fraction of what my dad does.”
I sat down on my bed. “And you don’t want to be with a mate that is weaker than you?”
“No, it’s not that.” I shook my head. I wasn’t explaining it right. “I know that if given an excuse, he would betray me. His devotion would be weak, just like his aura.”
“Ah. Now I understand.” Cassie rolled on to her back and huffed. “That would be the absolute worst thing. I don’t know how your dad is dealing with the pain.” She shot her eyes to me and grimaced.
“Did everyone here know the truth?”
Cassie shook her head. “No, but once you guys left, and the Alpha never stayed with the she-wolf. With any she-wolf, we figured something was wrong, and then the wolf was born and we could all smell the girl’s mate on the pup, and we knew they lied. We just don’t know why.” Cassie rolled over. “Do you know?”
I nodded. “My dad told me the truth today when I told him I wanted to reject my mate.”
“Well, this is just depressing. Let’s go out and do something?” Cassie sat up and I just shook my head. “C’mon.”
“I have training in the morning and my dad said it was going to be brutal.”
“So you can’t go out today? Bull. Get up. We are going shopping and then I will parade you in front of everyone to make them jealous that my best friend is the Alpha’s daughter.”
I perked up. “Has anyone been giving you issues here?” Cassie shook her head, but I could see someone had. “Cass?”
She huffed and then nodded a little. “Just a few she-wolves that think their shit doesn’t stink and have a higher rank.” Amanda and her little posse, I could only assume.
“Do they give you a lot of trouble?”
“Only a little.” She just grabbed my arm and pulled me to the door. “Enough of them, I don’t care. I just missed you, and I want to parade around with my best friend.”
“Deal.” I couldn’t say no to her when I knew she was being bullied. Cassie was weaker than me, but then again, everyone was. But she was sweet and had been by my side since birth. Her mom and my mom used to be best friends. “But you need to point out who is bullying you.”
“No way. I can handle it.”
“I know you can, but you shouldn’t have to.” I could feel Nix coming closer to the surface. My anger was already rising.
“You aren’t here enough.” Her whisper had me pulling her to a stop. “I don’t mean to make you feel bad, but you aren’t here enough to start something with them for me. Because it will only get worse once you leave again.” She looked back at me with sad eyes. “So, can we just drop it?”
I nodded my head but swore to myself that I would figure out this situation. “Let’s go have some fun. Parade me all you want. I’m here all summer.” I smiled and pushed the Amanda bullshit to the back of my mind. I would handle her as soon as I could.
###Next D 7
Chapter Seven
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-24 05:52:56
When we got to the mall, we walked into the clothing store. “I need a new dress.” Cassie pulled me to the back and started to go through the racks.
“Why do you need one of these dresses?” I pulled a dress off the rack and held it to my body. The form fitting dress flared out at the bottom. It was a beautiful mermaid formal dress, but white wasn’t my color.
“Your homecoming ball.” Cassie grabbed a short pink number that would look horrible with her skin tone.
“Put that down and what do you mean homecoming ball?” Cassie froze and then slow turned back to me.
“Don’t tell your dad I told you.” She rushed back to me and grabbed my hands. “Frick, I knew I was going to mess this up. You are my best friend and I knew I would mess this up.”
“Calm down.” I laughed. “I would never tell my dad you messed up.” I wrapped my hands around her shoulders and shook. “Cassie, calm down and just tell me.”
She smiled and nodded. “I was supposed to take you dress shopping for a surprise home coming party tonight. You know your dad.”
“I do. Which is why I shouldn’t be surprised.” I smiled and then forced the pink dress out of her hands. “But this, this needs to go back and you have to promise me you will never touch it again.” I put it back on the rack. I started to go through the dresses and pulled a pale golden sheath dress that would look absolutely amazing on her. “Here try this on.”
“I don’t know Amy.”
“Listen to you best friend.” I pushed her back toward the change rooms and then I looked through the rack of myself. I was blissfully window shopping when I heard a voice that made my hackles rise.
“Take it off now.” I could feel the power in the tone and then I heard Cassie’s sweet voice waiver.
“You aren’t supposed to command another wolf. You aren’t in a position to demand anything from weaker wolves.” Cassie’s voice sounded pained.
“Well then, take off the fuck dress and I wouldn’t.” Nix was in a full rage as I rounded the wall and saw Cassie being held face first into a wall with snarling red headed she wolf behind her with her cronies.
“And why would she do that?” I pushed my hand outward and checked my nails as fear scented the air.
Slowly the she-wolves all turned and then finally Amanda turned with a sweet smile. “Amy, welcome back.” I lifted my lip at her.
“Why are you touching Cassie?” I smiled at her slowly. “Specifically, why are you trying to take a dress I picked out for her?”
“You picked this dress? It’s amazing.” I nodded.
“I know. That’s why I picked it out. It matches Cassie perfectly.” I walked over and pulled Cassie away from the crowd of women. “Let me look at you.” I saw the fear in her eyes, and Nix snarled. No one touched our friend. Cassie’s wolf, Nora, was a timid brown wolf that Nix took a liking to. “You’re stunning. This is the dress.”
“Wait.” Amanda walked over next to us. “I saw this dress on Cassie and thought that it clashed with her usual style.”
“And you thought it would look better on you?” I smirked as Amanda tried to stare me in the eye and failed. I felt her aura punch up a notch, and Cassie whimpered. “Well, too bad. We had it first.” I tried to handle this without the pissing contest, but Amanda punched up her aura again.
Cassie whimpered and looked at me. “I can pick a different dress. It’s okay.” She turned to take the dress off, and I saw a flash of triumph on Amanda’s face.
“No. If you don’t want it, I’ll buy it for myself. I picked it up first. So it’s mine. Amanda, you understand, don’t you?” I smiled down at the other she wolf and I could scent her frustration.
“Okay Amy. It’s yours.” Cassie smiled at me before hustling back to the change room and taking off the dress before handing it to me. “Did you have anything you wanted to try on?”
“No, I am just going to buy these two dresses and we can go look at jewelry.” I smiled over at the huddled group of women. “I hope you guys find a dress for tonight.” Then we left.
Once we were out of earshot, I let out the snarl; I was holding. The air rumbled between my lips and Cassie ducked her head. A little bit of my aura leaked, and I felt guilty, but I was livid.
“Don’t be mad, Aim.” Cassie grabbed for my arm and I watched her eyes flinch when she saw Nix’s golden eye staring back at her.
“She is not mad, little one.” Nix’s smokey voice came from my lip. She had taken over as I when I lost my temper. “I am though. For such a weak wolf to think it is okay to wield her power in such a way when she is not even ranked. What has become of your pack?” What was wrong with my father’s pack?
“Without a Luna the she wolves the are unmated all act this way. They think the more power they wield, the more likely they will be able to find a mate.” Cassie bowed her head.
“None of that, little one. You do not bow to me.” Nix pulled her head up and rubbed our cheek against hers, rubbing our scent on her. “You are ours. The other she-wolves should not demand things from you. It is not the way of wolves unless you are ranked. Everyone else is equal.”
“Not here.” Cassie wiped her eye and then turned to smile at me. “Can Amy come back, Nix? We have to get set for tonight.”
“Of course.” Nix receded to the back of my mind. But she was already deep in conversation with Loki. I knew we would have an interesting conversation with my father tonight.
###Next D 8
Chapter Eight
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-25 08:12:48
“So, do we walk to talk about it?” I looked over at Cassie, but she was staring straight ahead. “Cas?”
“Can we pretend like it never happened?” Her voice was small when I pulled her over to the side of the mall and leaned in.
“Talk to me.”
“What do you want me to say?” She threw up her hands. “It’s miserable being this weak. Every she wolf with more power out of the ranking demands we do their work, or their chores, or if we get nice stuff, they take it.” Cas looked at me and I could feel her pain. “We have no alpha female that protects us here. The beta and gamma try, but they have their own duties.” Cas wiped her face. “We have learned to deal with it, and when it really gets bad, then you dad gets involved.”
“Cas…”
“You aren’t here, and neither is your mom. If you get too involved, then we just suffer when you leave.” She looked at me and then shook herself. “C’mon, let’s go pick out jewelry for your dress. Which one are you going to wear?”
“Don’t worry about it. You are going to come over and get ready with me, right? So I can do your makeup and hair?”
“I don’t have anything to wear.” Cassie looked to the side.
“Nonsense, you will just borrow something of mine. Let’s go pick out some jewelry.” I wrap my arm in hers and pull her to the store.
“I can wear something of yours?” Cas smiled up at me as we walked into the store.
“Of course you can. You are my best friend.” I bumped her hip and walked up to the counter. A set with onyx stones caught my eye. It was stunning. And then a soft golden number with diamonds. “Excuse me?”
“Yes?” The sales woman walked over and I pointed to the two sets. “You have a good eye.” She pulled out the sets, and I was amazed.
“I’ll take them.” I smiled.
“I’ll just wrap them up.”
“Hold on a moment.” A new she wolf I had never seen before walked in with Amanda in tow. “I want that golden number for my niece.”
I turned and smiled at the group of women. “Sorry. I already decided to buy it.”
The new she wolf puffed out her chest and raised her eyebrow. “Are you the one that bought the dress before my niece?”
“There must be a misunderstanding. You see, we had the dress first.” I smiled over at the new wolf, but she just lifted her lip and pushed out her aura. She was strong for sure, but she didn’t even reach the gamma level.
“You don’t speak to me that way, little girl.”
“Auntie…” Amanda started, but I cut my eyes to her.
“If I were you. I would be very particular about who you speak to like that.” I smiled at her and cut my eyes to Amanda.
Nix, speak to Amanda’s wolf and forbid them from speaking who I am to her aunt.
Smart.
Nix pulled away and I watched as Amanda jolted and I smirked.
“Who do you think you are?” She snarled before she looked at the human sales woman. “I want that necklace for my niece. This little girl can’t afford it.”
“Who says that?” I raise my eyebrow, surprised at the audacity of this wolf.
“I do! Do you know who I am?” She stomped her foot like a child and I just turned away. I didn’t need nor want to deal with her anymore. “Don’t you turn your back on me.”
“I don’t care, nor do I want to know who you are.”
“I’m the future…wife of the man in charge here.” She looked smug, and Cassie and I burst out laughing.
“Please wrap these up for me.” I smiled at the poor sales woman and handed her my black card. The card was my fathers, but this time around I would make my own money. My mind drifted back to my previous life, where my father’s pack went bankrupt due to Brandon and Nix snarled in my mind.
This time, he won’t be able to force us to watch as he wipes out this pack using our mate bond.
No, he won’t. I promised, this time around, he would regret everything he did to us.
“I said no.” The woman grabbed for me but I moved out of the way.
“Do not touch me.” Nix growled in my mind. But I held my power in check.
“Here you are, miss.” The sales woman handed me the bag with both sets and my card back.
“Thank you.” I smiled and wrapped my arm around Cassie’s again. Then I turned to face the group of women.
I forbade all of them from speaking of us.
Good.
“I will see you all tonight.” I smirked and turned to leave, but the aunt, the stupid woman, grabbed me again and I let out a low growl. “I already told you once not to touch me. Soon to be wife or not, I know the man in charge and he would not want you touching young girls.” I flashed my eyes at her.
“You would do well to give me that necklace.” She growled out.
“And you would do well to remember this interaction tonight.” I ripped my arm out of her grasp and pulled Cassie out of the store. Once we were a ways away, I turned to her. “Who was that?”
“Aurora. A she wolf who moved to the pack last year. She has the hots for your dad and he did seem interested last time I saw them.”
“There is no way.” I shook my head as we headed to my favourite sushi place. “My dad would never.”
“Well, some of us think he will. And she would be the worst choice for all of us. She is the one pushing the unranked wolves to push us around. The gamma and beta won’t step on her toes because the attention you father is giving her.”
“I will handle him.” We sat down at the booth that the server sat us at and I clapped my hands. “Now I won’t let her ruin our day. I haven’t had conveyor belt sushi in so long.” I squealed and Cassie laughed.
“I don’t know why you like this place so much.”
“Because it’s amazing.” Then I grabbed for my plates. “Let’s eat, then we can go back to the house.” So that’s what we did.
###Next D 9
Chapter Nine
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-26 02:05:23
“There are my two favourite girls.” My dad walked into my room as we just got back.
“Hi Daddy.” I walk over and hugged him and bowed her head.
“Hi Alpha Devlin.”
“None of that Cassie, when it’s just us, I’ve told you just to call me Dev.” Cas blushed and nodded. “Can I speak with my daughter alone for a minute?”
“Of course, Alpha.” Cas looked at me with a tiny bit of panic in her eyes as she turned away. I tried to reassure her, but I couldn’t do much. She knew exactly what this conversation was about. I followed my father to his office and sat down with Ronnie and him. “Talk.”
“What is going on in this pack, Dad?”
“What do you mean?”
“Why are unranked she-wolves lording their power over the weaker wolves?” I looked over at Ronnie and he looked away. “You obviously know what I am talking about. The beta and gamma female here are doing what, exactly?”
“Hey!” Ronnie looked at me. “That isn’t fair.”
“I’m not saying it’s fair.” I looked back at my father. “You are letting your pack crumble from within and I want to know why.” I stared my father in the eye until Loki was growling back at me but Nix growled right back.
I refused to back down when a pack I loved was falling apart. The rumble of his threat got louder, but I held firm. My dad finally smiled and Nix receded. “You have grown up.” I nodded, but I raised my eyebrow and my father huffed. “It wasn’t supposed to fall so quickly.”
“What are you even talking about?”
“It was Ronnie’s plan.” My father started, and I cut my eye to my uncle, who went a little pale.
“Look, I thought it would work.”
“What exactly?”
“I thought if your mother saw her friends and family falling apart, she would come back.” My father’s voice grew quiet with each word.
I threw up my hands in frustrations. “She doesn’t speak to anyone here anymore. She asked the Alpha to forbid anyone from speaking to her about your pack so she could have peace.” I shook my head. “What were you thinking?”
“I wasn’t.” My dad put his head in his hands. “It’s been years, Amy. Years without my mate.”
“I know.” I got up and hugged him from the side. “Mom thinks you betrayed her, and she is pretty broken up about it still.”
“I know. But I thought her luna duties would override the betrayal.” My dad looked up at me and I laughed at his face.
“You are a stupid man, dad.” I just shook my head and sat back down. I turned on Ronnie. “And so are you, uncle.”
“Hey!” He called out, but I just looked at him until he nodded.
“We have to fix your pack this summer, too. I won’t be able to go back to mom’s pack without knowing this bullshit has stopped.”
“Okay sugar. We can fix it.”
“No, no, you can’t.” I felt Nix agree with my thoughts before I voiced them. “This is for the women to fix. I want the beta and gamma to meet with me before the party tonight.” My dad jolted back in surprise and I laughed. “You asked my best friend to keep a surprise from me, dad. First off, stupid move. You know she can’t keep a secret. Second, even if she hadn’t blurted out the truth, I would have figured out something from Aurora.” I cut my eyes to my father, and I watched his cloud over.
“Ugh, now you’ve done it.” Ronnie huffed out a breath before sitting back.
“What?”
“Any time someone says her name, or he sees her, his eyes glaze over and he won’t shut the heck up about her.”
“She is so beautiful. The most beautiful woman I have ever seen.”
“Even prettier than my mom.” I threw it out without a thought, knowing he would say no, but to my surprise, without even hesitating, he said yes.
“Of course, your mother doesn’t even hold a candle to the beauty of Aurora.” I got to my feet and walked over, grabbing my dad’s face as I felt something was amiss.
His eyes were still unfocused. “Is it always like this when her name is mentioned?”
“Yup. For at least five minutes, then he goes back to being normal like nothing happened.” Ronnie rolled his eyes.
“And this is normal to you?” I looked at Ronnie over my shoulder and noticed his eyes were unfocused as well.
“Yeah, why wouldn’t it be?” Ronnie’s eyes looked through me. And I knew something was wrong.
“Dad?” I pulled his face to mine and swiped my cheek against his, sending a little of my aura out at the same time, and my dad pulled away.
“Sweetie, how did you get over here?” My dad smiled, and I felt my knees go weak. Something was horribly wrong here. And I didn’t have long to figure it out.
###Next D 10
Chapter Ten
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-27 07:12:20
I walked back to my bedroom with everything just whirling in my brain. The she-wolves were staging a coup. My father was looking the other way to lure back my mother. Now there was a she-wolf that was doing something fishy. Knowing witchcraft is real, maybe there is something is going on with that.
I walked back into my room to see Cas in tears. “What happened?” I rushed over to the bed.
“Nothing. I just don’t want you to leave.” I wiped her face and laughed.
“Why are you already worried about the end of summer when I just got here?” I collapsed next to her on the bed and I listened to her sniffles.
“I know, it’s stupid.” But I could scent the slight tinge of fear in the room, and I knew something was said.
“Who came here while I was gone?” I watched her tense, but she relaxed.
“No one.” She looked away and the fear disappeared. Like she got control of her emotions.
“Talk to me. I can’t help unless I know.” I whispered to her as I wrapped my fingers through hers.
“You can’t help, anyway. You will be gone soon and we will just be here again, alone.” Her hand tightened on mine.
“Not alone. I will be speaking to the beta and gamma females and together we will get this pack in check before I leave.” This wasn’t going to continue if I could help it.
“Really?” I could hear the tiny flair of hope in her voice.
“Really. I already talked to my dad. This is all going to stop.” As an alpha, this power shift went against everything we stood for. The only ones with enough power to wield should be in the power structure. Everyone else was equal. That’s how the Moon Goddess intended it. That’s how it should be. “Now tell me what is going on with you.”
“I can’t.” She whispered back to me and finally it all clicked.
“Who said what to you?”
“No one.” Fear leaked from her again, and she sat up. “Don’t push this Amy. Please.” I watched my best friend, my soul sister, beg me not to push.
“Fine.” I relented. What else could I do? “Let’s get ready.” I pulled her up and over to the chair in front of my vanity. “No peaking.” Cas just shook her head and closed her eyes while I got to work.
I started with her hair. I used my blow dryer to finish drying it, then I curled it. Once she was curled, I twisted her hair up and pinned it into a loose up do with curls falling out.
Then I got to work with her makeup. Soft browns and golds accented her bright blue eyes. Her soft blonde hair was styled, and she looked stunning. I finished her with a soft pink lip and then I stood back.
“You look gorgeous.” She went to turn, and I pulled her back to face me. “No peaking yet.” I poked her face, and she giggled. “Close your eyes again.”
“C’mon.” She huffed, and I shook my head, like she could see me.
“Nope. No looking.” I pulled her up and put her on the bed. “You can open your eyes while I get ready, if you promise not to look at the mirrors.”
“Fine.” Cas huffed and opened her eyes and I laughed.
“I want you to get the full effect, but I doubt you want to sit with your eyes close while I get ready.” I walk back over to the vanity and quickly dry and curl my own hair in soft beach waves. Then I did a dark, smokey eye and a red lip, then I was done.
“You look gorgeous. The dark hair and makeup really suit you.”
“I know.” I smiled back at her. “It’s time to close your eyes again.” I walk over to her and stand her up. I pulled her to my closet and rummage around for the new bra and under ware I picked out and had cleaned once we got home from the mall. “Put these on. Then close your and call for me when you’re ready.”
I close the closet doors and waited while tapping my foot. I was about to just open the door when I heard a soft I’m ready. I walk in and Cas is standing in her under ware and she is holding herself around her middle.
I pull out her dress and tell her to step into it, then I zipped her in to it. Then I changed into my own dress and pulled her out of my closet. “One last thing and we are done.” I slipped the necklace on myself and the matching bracelets and earrings. Then I slipped the second set on to Cassie and then I positioned us in front of my big mirrors. “There we are. Look.”
Cass opened her eyes and her hands snapped to her face. “Amy I can’t.”
“Sure you can, you are just borrowing it.” I winked as I gazed at the two of us. Her soft curves were held snugly in the golden dress, and the gold set with diamonds sparkled against her skin.
My dark hair shone brightly against the maroon dress that hugged my curves. The onyx set in silver really brought the look together.
We were stunning.
There was a knock on my door. “Time to go, baby.” My dad’s word jolted us back to the here and now.
This was going to be good.
###Next D 11
Chapter Eleven
Author: Alicia S. Rivers
Last Updated:2024-09-27 21:55:54
The room was full of wolves and my scent glands were going haywire. Gathering so many wolves in one place always did this to me. My nose was sensitive, and I had to take a few deep breaths to calm myself. “You girls ready?” I looked up at my father and nodded.
“Can we enter without you guys?” I asked my father.
“Why?”
I smiled over at Cas, who was on Ronnie’s arm. “I…”
“You are planning something with the she-wolves, aren’t you?”
“Yup.” I smiled up at him and slipped my arm out of his. “If you hear a large fight, show up. But I swear, dad, if you fawn over another she-wolf in front of me, I will hit you.”
My dad laughed at me. “I promise I won’t and if by the smallest chance I do, you have full access to punch me in my face.” He smiled down at me and I stood on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek.
“Thanks daddy.”
“You’re welcome, my girl.”
I pulled my arm from his and held my hand out for Cassie. “Let’s go.”
“Are you sure Amy?”
“Yes, yes I am.” I smiled down at her and she shook her head with a small smile. “Chin up. Don’t worry. I got you.” She nodded and we opened the door and headed down the steps.
When we hit the middle of the stairs, everyone had stopped to stare at us. “They are staring.” Cas whispered to me and I smiled.
“It’s because we look so hot.” I whispered back as the smell of lust hit her in the face. She stumbled, but I held her up and we kept heading down until we hit the bottom of the stairs. “Let’s go get a drink.” I pulled her to the bar and ignored the stares of all the men and woman around us.
“Why are they staring?”
“I already told you. We look hot.” I handed her a glass of champaign and clinked my glass against hers. “Your birthday is in a few days, and these men are your potential mates. Take today and enjoy it. For your life will change when you hit eighteen.” I knew that Cas found her mate the day she turned eighteen, and he was a good man. I couldn’t remember who it was exactly, a guard or someone, but she was happy.
I stopped coming here once I accepted Brandon. He forbade me from coming. Saying he couldn’t live with me being so far. It sounded sweet at first, but later on I realized it was just his need to control me.
“What the fuck are you wearing, you tramp?” A screech rent the air and the people around us grew quiet. I smiled into my glass as Cas paled, but I patted her back and I turned.
“Excuse me?” I took a small sip of my drink and faces Aurora. She was dressed in a pale white sheath dress and matching pearl necklace. Amanda was in a pale blue bodycon dress, with a matching choker necklace. They were stunning, but no match for me and Cas.
“That dress and necklace were supposed to go to my niece.” Amanda stood next to her aunt with her eyes staring at the floor.
I quirked an eyebrow. “I bought them, they are mind, I allowed my best friend to borrow it. What is the issue?” I tilted my head to the side and stared at the two.
“Bullshit. You bought them, knowing that Amanda wanted them, and allowed that weak wolf to strut in here in front of us.”
I took in a deep breath and then squared my shoulders. “So?” Aurora reeled back. She sputtered in front of me for a moment. And I took a step towards them. “Who are you to tell me what I am able to do? Are you my parents? Are you a gamma, beta, or an alpha? No. Then why does it matter?”
Aurora growled. “It matters because weaker wolves need to know their place.”
“I agree. Weaker wolves should know their place.” I growled out and Nix flashed in my eyes and Amanda started to shake.
Aurora didn’t catch my meaning. But she puffed up her chest and went to grab Cas, but I stepped in front of her. “Move.” She stomped her foot and let out her power. It crashed against me and I wanted to laugh. She was so weak, but she felt like she was a bigger threat.
“Don’t touch her.”
“Move.” Aurora tried to go around me, but I grabbed her wrist and flung her back until she was on her ass.
Her power lashed out again. But it washed over me. Cas whimpered again, but I kept her behind me. I growled out loudly and then the crowd opened up and my dad walked up through the crowd.
“What the hell is going on?” My dad looked from me to Aurora. Once his eyes locked on to Aurora, I could see his eyes grow hazy.
“Devlin.” Aurora got to her feet and ran into my father’s arms. I wanted to growl, but I held myself in check. “This girl was bullying me and my niece.”
His eyes moved to me, and I could see he didn’t recognize me. I walked up to my father and stood in front of him.
“How dare you…” He growled out and I pulled back and punched him square in his face.
###Next D 12
Chapter Twelve
‘Baby?” My dad shook his head and his eyes cleared. Then he rubbed his jaw. “You had to?” 
I nodded and cut my eyes to Aurora, “Something is going on” I looked down at the woman cuddled in my father’s arms and I wrapped my hand around her arm and wrenched her away, tossing her to the ground. “Get away from him.” Nix came to the forefront and flashed my eyes.
Her screech hurt my ears as she landed, but I turned back to my father and Ronnie. I cut my eyes to Cas, and she walked over when I nodded. “Alpha Devlin, Beta Ronnie.” She smiled at them and stood behind me.
“What is going on?”
“This she–wolf is driving the charge behind the unranked, wielding their power on the weaker wolves, Alpha.” The beta female, Tina, walked over and smiled at me.
“How dare you!” Aurora stood and tried to touch my dad again, and I growled.
“Don’t touch him.”
“Who are you to demand anything from me?” Aurora tried to grab for him again.
“She’s my daughter, and the only alpha female in this pack” My father responded, lifting his lip in disgust.” Aurora, we will speak about this tomorrow.” My dad took my arm and walked back to the front of the room. Cas and Ronnie following “Welcome.” My father’s voice boomed over the room and everyone bowed their heads. ” Amy has come to learn for the summer, so we will have an alpha female here for the summer. Obviously, things have been happening under my nose. But she will be handling it going forward.”
My father pushed me in front of him, and I faced the pack for the first time. “Hello everyone.” I waved my hand and I heard someone scoff and whisper about an alpha female, so I decided to release my full power of my aura at once. When I breathed out, my power slammed into everyone and everyone dropped to their knees. Wave after wave of power slammed into them and for the first time in a very long time, I could breathe.
“Time to pack it in love.” My father whispered through gritted teeth, and I nodded.
Slowly, I pulled back in my aura and I clenched my metaphysical fist around it all. Slowly but surely, I was able to pull back all of my power and closed off that part of me again. I shook with the effort until it was gone, and slowly everyone got to their feet.
“Sorry, but I thought it smart to make a point. I am an alpha female and I will not stand for the way the wolves here have been acting. I will get to the bottom of this and those that have decided to follow suit in this absurd practise will be handled appropriately.” I gave a soft smile, and I watched the room to see who smiled and who looked nervous.
Not surprisingly, a few she–wolves that hang around Amanda looked very worried:
I wanted to growl, but I turned to my father and wrapped my arm around one of his. “Now this is a party.” He called out and raised his arm. “Mingle, eat and enjoy. Tomorrow we will be back to a normal routine.”
“Actually.” I looked up at him. “If it is alright with you, I would like the Beta and Gamma females to start a new training program with me for all females in the pack.”
Tina and Gem walked to the front and nodded. I knew I didn’t have time to speak with them, but I knew they would agree.
Anything for you.” My father looked to the room and smiled. “You heard her. Tomorrow, we will start training the females.”
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Twelve
“Let’s eat.” I called out, and the omegas came out and started circling around with trays of food.
I looked up at my father and waited until he met my gaze. “What are the chances of some kind of love charm or potion being put on you?” I whispered quietly under the din of everyone else talking.
“Not likely, but possible wh 
I widened my eyes. “You have got to be kidding me.” I smacked his arm and gestured behind us. “Do you not remember me having to punch you in the face because you got googly eyed over Aurora?”
“I actually don’t.” My father scrunched up his face and then shook his head. “I can’t think straight.”
“Which is exactly why I think something is going on.” I shook my head and turned to face the crowd, and I caught glares coming from Aurora and Amanda. But they would learn their place sooner rather than later.
“I’ll leave it in your hands.” My father leaned down and kissed my cheek. “You will protect me, won’t you?”
“Of course.” I smiled up at him and then went to mingle.
###Next D 13
Chapter Thirteen
The knocking on the door woke me up and I groaned. I wasn’t ready to wake up; I snuggled deeper into my bed and ignored the knock when it sounded again. Ugh. “What?” I called out and my father’s chuckle from my door had me cracking an eye..
“Let a little too loose last night, did you?”
“You know I did.” I tossed my pillow and buried myself back under the comforter. But my dad just tossed the pillow back to me.
“Time to wake up.”
“I don’t want to.” I groaned and grabbed my phone and realized it was five in the freaking morning “Dad…” But his laughed interrupted my groan.
“Sorry darling, but training starts now.” He walked over and ripped the blanket off of me and I screamed. The cold air jolted me more awake, and I wanted to whine more, but my father was already walking out. “If you’re not downstairs in five minutes, I’m dumping water on you.”
I groaned and kicked a little before I got up. I know it’s stupid, and I needed to be better than my last lifetime, but I really wanted to still be asleep. I got up and wiped my face, then headed to change into a tank top and shorts while tossing up my black hair. I threw on my shoes and ran through the pack house to find my dad by the front
door.
I wiped the sleep from my eyes and nearly growled when I spotted his smug grin. “Why?” I couldn’t form a coherent question yet, and he just laughed again.
“Because this is going to take you a long time to master, and we have to start as soon as possible.” I tossed my head back and took a deep breath. I knew I would need to have control, enough control to hide myself in plain sight, so he was right.
“Okay.” I wiped my face and jumped a few times to shake off the fog in my brain. “Let’s go.” My dad pounded on my back and walked out the door. 
“Have you shifted yet?” My dad was heading down the porch steps as I closed the door.
“No.” I met him at the bottom and he nodded. He headed off to the bushes to the left of the house and tossed his clothes our. Within a minute, Loki is walking over to me. His black fur shining and his golden eyes glowing, his huge form as tall as my shoulder. “Hello Loki.”
Hello pup. Climb up. We have a way to go before we are clear of viewing eyes.
“Okay.” I walked down the steps and waited while Loki grabbed my father’s clothes and then settled on his belly I could climb up and then he was off. I wrapped my fingers in his fur and leaned down, keeping my balance as best as I could. He was flying through the trees, dodging the brush and fallen logs.
The air was whipping my hair around. He was moving so fast I could barely catch my breath, but it was amazing. The roar of the wind, the slash of the leaves as he cut around bushes and smaller plants.
It’s amazing, isn’t it?
“Yes.” I yell back, and he chuffed out a laugh.
This is what shifting opens up for you. The world comes alive. The trees speak to you; the wind calls to moon watches over you. The world calls to us, and our animals answer.
you; the
“When will I get to experience it?” I couldn’t wait until I could shift. Nix chuffed her agreement but stayed silent.
Chapter Thirteen
+25 BONUS
We shift when our bodies can handle it. The bigger or stronger the animal, the later we shift. Your father wasn’t ready when he came of age. We shifted after he mastered his magic and his body. We were twenty when we finally shifted.
“I have to master my magic?”
I don’t know if it’s mandatory for you, but it was for us. We needed to be able to control the magic as we shifted. That way we didn’t hurt anyone when we lost control.
Nix came forward, and I heard her speak to me and to Loki, Amy will have to do the same. I cannot come forward without that safety net in place.
“Why not?”
Nix shook her head. Your power is waiting to be released. I hold it back. Just like my aura that you hold back. If our control slips even for a moment, it can leak out and magic is chaotic without intent. You could hurt people you love.
You could kill someone. Loki’s voice cut in and the reality of the situation really hit. If I couldn’t master my magic, I would never shift.
Just like my previous life.
###Next D 14
ather skidded to a halt at the edge of a small clearing with a stump in the center. I slid off Loki’s back and he trotted off to shift. He walked back to me and gestured to the center. “Go sit.”
I nodded and walked into the clearing. The tree’s shadows were still deep, as the sun has just breached the tree tops. I shivered, not from the cooler temperature since wolves burn hot, but from the feeling of woods. It felt like something was here. Something was waiting for this moment.
I turned to face my dad, and he was still at the edge of the clearing “Why are you still back there?”
“This isn’t for me, it’s for you. I have already done my time in this place.”
“Your time? What are you talking about?”
“This is a sacred place. The clearing here holds our family’s power, and it’s warded against it.”
“Against it? Dad, what are you talking about?”
“Just listen. Sit down on the stump.” I sank to the top of the stump and then looked back to my father. “Take your shoes and socks off, then plant your feet.”
“Why?”
His laughed cut through the quiet air. “Are you going to question everything I tell you?” He shook his head and then waved his hands.
I took off my shoes and socks and then quirked an eyebrow at him. “Happy?”
“Yes. Now the first lesson you have to learn is connecting to nature. We pull our power from the world around us. Give and take, push and pull, every action has a reaction.” My father planted his feet and took a deep breath. The
trees
shifted toward him, like his intake of breath was pulling them to him, and then he blew out. The trees bent backwards and shivered in the wind, almost dancing like they were happy. “Sometimes we take power, sometimes like now, I give it.”
My mouth was hung open, and I was looking around. “How did you do that?” My eyes darted from the dancing trees to my father and his face was alight.
“Magic.” His laugh was contagious, and I laughed with him. “Now to do that, like I said, the first step is to 
connect to nature.”
“How?” My mind was blown, and I had no clue how to connect to anything other than my phone.
how “Focus on the air around you, the way the wind blows. Focus on your feet, how the grass tickles your soles, the ground supports you. How the trees pull energy from the sun and the land. How the animals survive off the land. Everything is connected and once you connect to the land, you can feel it all. It will be overwhelming. You will feel…alive. For the first time in your life, you will truly feel alive. That’s the only way I can explain it.”
“Okay” “I closed my eyes and felt the wind blow around me and it whispered through the trees. I wiggled my toes in the grass and I felt..stupid. “How do I know if I’m doing it right?” I cracked open my eye and my father was gone. “Hello? Dad?” I stood and started walking to the edge of the clearing and called again. “Hello?” The dark trees shifted and I took a step back.
I was alone in the woods, and I had no idea what I was doing. It was too dark to stumble through the trees alone and I felt like eyes were watching me from the darkness. My skin pebbled, and I turned away from the dark shadows in front of me.
“Dad? Hello!” I called again and panic started to set in. How was I going to get back?
#25 BONUS
Chapter Fourteen
He told you everything he could. Focus. He will come back for you once you have tried for a few hours.
Nix’s voice jolted me, as I was so focused on my father being gone. “I don’t know what I’m doing ”
He can’t tell us. Loki told me the same. He said all he could and now it is up to us to figure it out.
I sank back down to the stump and closed my eyes. But every noise, every shift, had me jumping-
There is nothing to be afraid of here. This is a sacred place. You are safe here. Now focus.
I took a cleansing breath and settled myself again. I closed my eyes again and focused on the wind and grass again. I settled deeper onto the stump and focused on my breathing. In and out, and eventually, everything started to fade.
“You fell asleep, huh?” I jolted and fell off the stump, sprawling on the ground to my father’s laughter.
“What?”
“It’s okay. I fell asleep my first time too. Come on. It’s lunchtime.” I stood and made my way to
my father, who
ruffled my hair. “C’mon sleeping, beauty. I’m starving.” He walked away and came back as Loki. I hopped on and we made our way back to the house.
###Next D 15
Chapter Fifteen
+25 BONUS
“Let’s go! Faster! Your wolves, not humChapter Fourteen
+25 BONUS
My father skidded to a halt at the edge of a small clearing with a stump in the center. I slid off Loki’s back and he trotted off to shift. He walked back to me and gestured to the center. “Go sit.”
I nodded and walked into the clearing. The tree’s shadows were still deep, as the sun has just breached the tree tops. I shivered, not from the cooler temperature since wolves burn hot, but from the feeling of woods. It felt like something was here. Something was waiting for this moment.
I turned to face my dad, and he was still at the edge of the clearing “Why are you still back there?”
“This isn’t for me, it’s for you. I have already done my time in this place.”
“Your time? What are you talking about?”
“This is a sacred place. The clearing here holds our family’s power, and it’s warded against it.”
“Against it? Dad, what are you talking about?”
“Just listen. Sit down on the stump.” I sank to the top of the stump and then looked back to my father. “Take your shoes and socks off, then plant your feet.”
“Why?”
His laughed cut through the quiet air. “Are you going to question everything I tell you?” He shook his head and then waved his hands.
I took off my shoes and socks and then quirked an eyebrow at him. “Happy?”
“Yes. Now the first lesson you have to learn is connecting to nature. We pull our power from the world around us. Give and take, push and pull, every action has a reaction.” My father planted his feet and took a deep breath. The
trees
shifted toward him, like his intake of breath was pulling them to him, and then he blew out. The trees bent backwards and shivered in the wind, almost dancing like they were happy. “Sometimes we take power, sometimes like now, I give it.”
My mouth was hung open, and I was looking around. “How did you do that?” My eyes darted from the dancing trees to my father and his face was alight.
“Magic.” His laugh was contagious, and I laughed with him. “Now to do that, like I said, the first step is to 
connect to nature.”
“How?” My mind was blown, and I had no clue how to connect to anything other than my phone.
how “Focus on the air around you, the way the wind blows. Focus on your feet, how the grass tickles your soles, the ground supports you. How the trees pull energy from the sun and the land. How the animals survive off the land. Everything is connected and once you connect to the land, you can feel it all. It will be overwhelming. You will feel…alive. For the first time in your life, you will truly feel alive. That’s the only way I can explain it.”
“Okay” “I closed my eyes and felt the wind blow around me and it whispered through the trees. I wiggled my toes in the grass and I felt..stupid. “How do I know if I’m doing it right?” I cracked open my eye and my father was gone. “Hello? Dad?” I stood and started walking to the edge of the clearing and called again. “Hello?” The dark trees shifted and I took a step back.
I was alone in the woods, and I had no idea what I was doing. It was too dark to stumble through the trees alone and I felt like eyes were watching me from the darkness. My skin pebbled, and I turned away from the dark shadows in front of me.
“Dad? Hello!” I called again and panic started to set in. How was I going to get back?
#25 BONUS
Chapter Fourteen
He told you everything he could. Focus. He will come back for you once you have tried for a few hours.
Nix’s voice jolted me, as I was so focused on my father being gone. “I don’t know what I’m doing ”
He can’t tell us. Loki told me the same. He said all he could and now it is up to us to figure it out.
I sank back down to the stump and closed my eyes. But every noise, every shift, had me jumping-
There is nothing to be afraid of here. This is a sacred place. You are safe here. Now focus.
I took a cleansing breath and settled myself again. I closed my eyes again and focused on the wind and grass again. I settled deeper onto the stump and focused on my breathing. In and out, and eventually, everything started to fade.
“You fell asleep, huh?” I jolted and fell off the stump, sprawling on the ground to my father’s laughter.
“What?”
“It’s okay. I fell asleep my first time too. Come on. It’s lunchtime.” I stood and made my way to
my father, who
ruffled my hair. “C’mon sleeping, beauty. I’m starving.” He walked away and came back as Loki. I hopped on and we made our way back to the house.
ans, you can do better than this!” I screamed out again and again, standing next to the Beta and Gamma females. Tina and Lynn watched the females struggle to run around the inside track. I turned to face them with wide eyes. “What is going on?”
Tina shook her head and watched the struggling women. “The females here only train if they want to. Your father doesn’t force us to train.”
“I told him it was a mistake.” Lynn the Gamma looked at the girls with a curled lip. “Look at them. It’s only been two laps, and they are already winded.” The muscled woman shook her head and tossed her arms. “I don’t understand this laziness. What happens if we get attacked?”
“Well, I’m here for two months, and in the future, you two will continue this after I leave.” The two women cut their eyes to me and I nod. “I talked to my father, and he caved when I went over the last pack that kept this outdated opinion for the females in the pack.”
“What pack?” Tina furrowed her brows
“Stonebrooke.” I shook my head. “We had a few survivors that were transferred by the council before I left.”
“What?” Tina looked back to the group of women, and Lynn’s mouth dropped open.
“The pack is gone?” Lynn questioned, and I nodded. “Wow.”
“Second biggest pack can topple. Where does that leave us? Tina wiped her face and then screamed out. “Hussle ladies.” A huge groan could be heard, but I’smirked.
“It leaves us right here, training these women to fight for themselves.” I clapped and walked over to the track.” That’s enough. Come on over.” The girls stumbled in and had to laugh at their pathetic state. “Ladies…that was just…”
“Horrible.” Tina cut in…
“Sad.” Lynn
“Sad.” Lynn tossed out.
“A start.” I shake my head at the two standing next to me arid laugh. “This is new, and uncomfortable. But it is
necessary.”
“Why?” one girl called out.
“Well, first, it teaches you how to protect yourself in case of an attack. Second, once you can shift, it creates a deeper bond with your wolf. And last, and this is the most important for this pack. It will teach you that other than. the ranked wolf, aura power means nothing. Someone with a weaker aura can and will put down another wolf, as long as they have the right motivation.”
I heard someone scoff, and I looked over to Aurora, smirking, and I smirked back. Tina lifted her lip. “It’s true, it’s rare, but I have even seen a weaker wolf put down a beta She was protecting her warrior mate during an attack.”
“How is that possible?” A random voice came from the back.
“Wolves, in the wild, have the hierarchy, but our packs only have a couple of designations. Alpha’s, betas, gammas and omegas. Everyone else in the pack live within e hierarchy but also separate froth it.” I went over
basic wolf structure.
“We know all this,” Aurora called out and laughed with her group of mean girls.
“If you knew that, then this pack shouldn’t be having the fsues that is it having.” I tossed back. “Are you a ranked
Chapter Fifteen
wolf, Aurora?”
“I will be.” She tossed back and I laughed.
+25 BONUS
“Do you know the probability of an alpha wolf mating to an unranked wolf?” I cocked my head and stared her down. She glared at me. “The answer, if anyone else was wondering, was zero. Zero per cent. Even if the man liked the woman, the wolves would never agree. The female wolf would roll over and bare her belly and the alpha wolf would tear into her for ever thinking she could make him bow down to her. That’s what an alpha female does. She supports her mate, but also pushes back, stands up against him. A weaker wolf could never do that.” I stared Aurora in the eye when I said it all until she looked away finally.
She needed to understand that she would never match with my father. “What is the issue you were talking about?” One of the mean girls called out, breaking the tension.
“You have unranked wolves acting like they are ranked wolves and using their power to demean, bully, and command other wolves to do their bidding.”
“So?”
My anger flashed with her smarmy voice. “So, what if I commanded you to do jumping jacks until you died?”
She reared back and stumbled over her words. “You can’t do that.”
“Who says?”
Her eyes darted back and forth, hoping someone else would say something, but everyone else stayed silent. “The Council.”
“The council also states
at unranked wolves cannot wield power over weaker wolves.” I countered back. “So what, the council is good enough to save yourself but not good enough to follow?” The silence was deafening.
###Next D 16
Chapter Sixteen
I waited for the reality of what I said to sink in. “What? You said it yourself. I can’t command you to hurt yourself. Fine, let’s go with something else. What if I commanded you to give me all of your money?” I stared down at the girl and she looked away. “Something you’ve done I see.” snarled. My eyes flashed. “What’s your name?”
“Stephanie.”
I slammed my aura out, and Nix took control as I raged. “Do jumping jacks until I tell you to stop.” Stephanie’s eyes widened, but I turned away to reel in my wolf. She started bouncing up and down, and some girls chuckled and I snarled. “You think this is funny? Do you want to join Stephanie? Being made to do something and not being able to stop yourself is a horrible feeling.” I whipped back to the girls, and Nix snarled again. My power struck out again, dropping everyone to their knees. “Everyone here will do jumping jacks until I say stop.” Everyone started, even Tina and Lynn, but I commanded them to stop. “What are you planning?” Lynn turned to
me. 
“The three of us will go around and command each girl here to tell us if they wielded any power against another. If they say no, they can stop. If the answer is yes, leave them jumping.”
Tina nodded. “For how long?”
“I’ll tell them to stop.” I curled my lip and started for Cas. Have you ever used your power to command another person to do something against their will?”
Cas huffed out a breath. “No.” Her face was rosy from the exertion, and I smiled.
“You can stop.” I let out a little power to release her from the command and then I clapped her on the shoulder. It will get better.” I moved on.
Tina and Lynn walked through the crowd with me and released more and more women. Until we had a small group of girls that Amanda and Aurora were surrounded by. This didn’t surprise us.
I walked back to the front and turned to face everyone. Forty women were standing around, some had their hands on their knees and some looked to be catching their breath The remaining eight girls were huffing and puffing, still doing jumping Jacks.
“Everyone else can leave for the day. Tomorrow we will do this again. So more protein at all meals, and I will see you tomorrow.” I called back and the women all left except for the ones still jumping.
“Did you need us to stay?” Lynn turned to me and I nodded.
“Yeah. I need you here for when these girls drop.” I watched over them and waited. Their legs and arms shaking with their movements.
“Stop this,” Aurora called out, and I laughed.
“Or what?” I called back.
“Please.” Amanda called out in a tired voice. 
I stalked back to the group of girls and snarled again, getting in Amanda’s face. “You tired? Your weak? You don’t want to do jumping Jacks anymore?”
“Yes.” Amanda panted.
“Do you
think the girls you made? Do things want to do them?” I tossed back. “Did they want to give you their money? Did they want to do your work? Your bidding? Did they not have their own shit to do?”
+25 BONU:
Chapter Sixteen
Amanda started to tear up. “No.” Her lip trembled.
“So why should I stop this if you all never did?” I snarled again. “Why is the council good enough to save you from us, but not good enough to follow for the other rules?”
“I don’t know.” She sobbed.
“So you are above the laws of our kind.”
“No.” She screamed.
No
“Then what gave you the right to demand anything from anyone?”
“Nothing gave me the right.” She shook harder.
“Then why did you do it?” I waited, but she stayed silent. “Why did any of you think it was a good idea to command others?”
“It was- 
“Shut up.” Aurora called out, and I glared at her.
“You don’t give the commands here.” She snarled at me but it was weak. “Actually.” A thought just popped into my head and I decided to give it a try. I let my power slam into the women in front of me and they screamed, but kept jumping. “Stop jumping.” They all collapsed onto the ground, catching their breaths. One girl crawled away and started to vomit. “Pay attention. I command you all to never command another wolf again.”
Aurora screamed. “That’s not fair. I’m going to be luna.”
able to
“You will never be luna. And if by the smallest chance you ever do become a luna somewhere. You won’t be a command your wolves, because you have proven you are not to be trusted with that power.” I walked to Tina and Lynn. “Get these girls home, if they need medical, contact the pack doctor. But everyone here needs to be back. tomorrow.” They nodded, and I walked away.
Alicia S. Rivers Author
Thank you so much for reading my story! I hope you stay with Amy and her journey.
###Next D 17
Chapter Seventeen
“How did it go today?” My father nudged me to a seat across from him and waved to an omega. She brought in the plates. “Thank you Manda.”
“Thank you Manda.” I smiled up at the girl, and she ducked her head, then left. I turned back to my father. “It went as well as expected.”
“Which wasn’t good at all.” I pointed to him and nodded.
“Exactly.”
“What happened?” He dug into his food, and I told him about the day.
“We started with running, and even those that had already shifted were…”
“Weak?” my dad threw out while waving his knife around.
“Pathetic.” I countered. I cut into my steak and nearly moaned with the first mouthful. “They barely made it two laps before they were huffing. Then I called them over, and we started to talk about what was going on.”
“And…”
“And then some girls were giving us push back about commanding other wolves. So I made a point.”
“What was the point?” My father focused fully on me and I grimaced. He might not agree with my decision.
“They wanted to hide behind the council, but then balked when I told them that what they were doing was against our laws, too.” I growled out, thinking about what they said. “So I commanded them to do jumping jacks while we questioned them, then those that were innocent were released.”
“And the ones that weren’t?” My dad leaned back and I dropped my cutlery.
“I left them jumping until they got the point across.”
“How many threw up?”
“Only one.” I nearly whispered the last part. But my father just laughed.
“You do what you have to do, darling. I gave you free rein of the women and I meant it.” I picked my fork and knife back up and continued eating. “Now, are you going to give me such a fight tomorrow morning?”
I rolled my eyes and looked at him. “I don’t understand what I am even doing.”
“I already told you, you are connecting to nature.” My dad cleared his plate and Manda came back with his dessert and took his plate away. “Figure out the way you need to connect to nature yourself. Lean’t guide you. Or else you won’t bond the way you need to.”
“Bond the way I need to?”
“If I tell
you how it works for me and you make a connection, it might be strong for you, but more often than not, my way won’t work as well for you. You might cripple you magic. Forge your own path and bond with your own magic to reach your full potential.”
“I don’t know if it will matter.” I tossed back.
“Oh, believe me, it will.” My dad shook his head. “Once you create your own bridge, I can teach you my way, and you will feel the difference. You will see how much it will the your hands and you will hate it.”
“How do you know?”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventeen
“I did the exact same thing you are doing. I’ve been in your shoes.” He tossed his head back and laughed. “I hated it. My grandmother would taunt me day in and day out. And I hated it. But once I was able to do it, she taught me her way, and the power was a mere trickle compared to the roar of my bridge.” I watched as my dad’s eyes grew misty. “I miss that old bat.
“Your grandma?”
He cut his eyes to me and gave a tiny nod. “You would have loved her, and she you. But witches, they don’t live as long as us, and she was already old by the time I came of age‘
“She died?” 
He nodded. “Died swinging her cane and bellowing her power at rouges.” 1
“What?”
“We were attacked a few decades back, maybe a hundred by now. She was alone in her cabin when they attacked. She came to help, but she was old and slow. Two rouges attacked her at once and I watched her take them down. But soon they realized they had to take her down if they wanted to win. This little old human woman was blasting through their ranks. I watched her send out her power, and then she was gone. She took every one of them with her, though.” 1
A tear fell, and he brushed it away. “She sounded amazing.
“She was. Just like you. You remind me of her. You even look a little like her when she was younger.”
19
“Really?” My dad got up and grabbed a faded picture frame from a shelf and brought it over. There in the photo was a gorgeous young woman holding a babe. Her dark, curly hair trailed over her shoulder.
It was like looking in the mirror.
+25 BON
###Next D 18
Chapter Eighteen
“The
she–wolf we shall not name.” I laugh at my wizard reference, but my dad just shook his head.
You still watch human movies?”
“Of course. Not like there are a lot of werewolf movies out there.” I rolled my eyes. “Anyway, nice side step. If you want to avoid talking about your reaction to who shall not be named, then how about we talk about how we can break it?”
“I don’t know, to be honest. But you grandmother left behind her journals you can go
“You haven’t read them?”
through.”
He shook his head. “She said they weren’t for me to read. I was to give them to my daughter.”
“She knew me?”
“Goddess no, she was gone long before you, but she had the ability to see things that had not come to pass yet.
“She could see the future?” My mouth dropped open.
His laughter caught me off guard. “Amy, you have lived another life, and this surprises you?

I guess he was right. Once you lived one life, and were reborn, seeing the future isn’t a stretch. “I’m honest, dad. All of these surprises me.”
color to be
“Me too. But I promise it gets easier. Go to bed. We have an early day.” I nodded, kissed his cheek, and left.
###Next D 19
Chapter Nineteen
The next morning was much of the same. I awoke to my father’s knock, and we made our way to the clearing. He nudged me into the clearing and I walked to the stump and sat down. By the time I looked back up, he was already gone.
“I don’t know what the fuck is going on, or what I am supposed to do here.” I shook my head and took off my shoes. I planted my feet and took a cleansing breath. Then I closed my eyes and focused, like my father explained. The air was a soft, gentle breeze. I felt it dance across my skin. It played with my hair, tangling my curls as it blew through the clearing. The early morning sun crested the tree tops. I could feel the warming light hit my skin.
I wiggled my toes in the grass, and it tickled my the bottom of my feet. I opened my hands, palm up on my knees, and settled deeper on to the stump.
“This is stupid.” I opened my eyes and looked around, but was talking to myself.”
“Is it?” I whirled around to see my father’s grandmother walking towards me.
“How is this possible?”
“Magic, granddaughter, magic.” She smiled as she made her way in front of me and then sat down. “Your father is foolish.” She crossed her legs and placed her hands palm up on her knees.
“Why do you say that?”
“Because he had years of training with me before I stuck him in this clearing with no guidance. You did not.”
“I have no idea what I am doing here.”
“I know, and that is why I am here.” She looked at me and gestured. “You are in the right position, well, almost. Get off the damn stump. It’s dead, and you need to connect to nature. Not death.” I got up and sunk into the grass and mimicked her, crossing my legs and flipping my hands up. “Better. Now close your eyes. Look inside yourself. Clear your mind of every thought, ever worry, and focus on your breathing.”
“What does this do to connect me to nature?”
gone far too She giggled, and I cracked an eye. “Nothing granddaughter, this is connecting you to you. You have long without knowing your true self. I think it is time you look inside. Once you know yourself, nature will come casier.”
“I know myself.” I sounded a little offended, but she just laughed at me again.
“Do you? Truly? Before you were sent here, you didn’t even know you had magic and now, you know yourself… come granddaughter. Give it a try.”
“Fine.” I closed my eyes and silenced my thoughts, which took longer than I would like to admit. Then I waited. But connecting to myself seemed a little more active than just waiting. So after nothing happening for however long, I started digging deeper. The deeper I went, the darker it got.
“Where are you?” I don’t know what I was looking for, but could feel something waiting.
“Hello Amy.” A glant dark wolf walked out of the blackness and sat in front of me. I don’t even know how I was
seeing the wolf, but it was like she gave off an inner light. Her golden eyes starred into mine and I lifted a hand. I touched the crescent moon of white fur on her forehead and I knew this was Nix.
“Hello Nix.”
“How do I look?”
Chapter Nineteen
+25 BONUS
“Big. Bigger than any wolf I have ever seen.”
“That’s because I am,” she chuffed, and then turned to walk away. “You are not done. Keep looking.
I walked deeper into my inner mind and I came across a brown shaggy wolf that reminded me of my mother’s wolf. “Who are you?”
“I am your wolf. Well, one of your wolves.” The soft voice rang out and I looked deeper into her blue eyes and lifted my hand.
“Megan…I have never heard you.” I softly stroked her fur.
“I am not an alpha wolf, so Nix speaks for the both of us.”
“How do I have two of you?” I sat down and pulled her head into my lap. I stroked her head over and over, forging the bond what I felt was needed here.
“You have to wait to find out, but magic isn’t your only surprise.” She hopped up and licked my face, and I felt the bond snap in place. “You will hear me now that we have a bond. But you are not finished. Go deeper.” I stood as she walked away, and I started down deeper.
I walked for what felt like an eternity, and then I felt a spark. I turned in a circle, waiting for the spark to ignite again, and then I was running. Deeper into my very soul and there I found it.
###Next D 20
Chapter Twenty
A glowing green orb that shined like the sun. I walked closer to it and I could see the orb was pulsing. With every step closer, I could feel my pounding heartbeat, and my heart was in time with the orb..
“What are you?”
Nix and Megan walked out and sat beside me, “This is your power. This is the center of your soul. Your power that runs through your body comes from this orb. Your entire being is in sync with this piece of you.” Megan nudged against my hand.
“Megan and I are a part of you, but separate. We are our own souls that share your body and mind. But this part of you would still be here if we weren’t. It is woven into your very soul. Your human soul. This is your grans legacy for you, the very power that ran in her veins, your father’s veins and now yours. It will pass to you pups and beyond.” Nix leaned forward.
“If werewolves were to even die off, your line would continue to hold power.” Megan followed suit and leaned toward the orb. Ribbons of power floated out and stroked each of their faces.
“This is me?” I held up a hand and waited for the ribbon that was slowly coming forward. This couldn’t be me.
“Yes.” Both wolves answered at once.
The ribbon pulled back before it reached out to me and the orb grew dim. “What’s wrong?”
‘You are not ready for it.” Megan got up and walked back into the darkness.
“You do not believe yet.” Nix bumped against me and then got up and walked away. “When you truly believe in yourself and your power, it will come to you. For now. Sit and observe. Open yourself to the possibilities. Open yourself to you.” Her voice faded and once again I was alone in the dark with the flashing orb, but the light was fading.
“I did this.” I was saddened by the fading light, and I didn’t know why.
Everything faded away and I opened my eyes to the clearing And I was once again alone. Always alone.
“Never alone, granddaughter. I am here, watching over you always. In this lifetime and your last. Open yourself up to the possibilities and believe in yourself. You are stronger than you know.”
Her voice faded, and the clearing grew still. There was a soft drop of water on my leg, and I looked up to the sky, expecting to see clouds, but the sky was blue and clear. I realized I was crying. I wiped my face as a second tear fell. “What is going on?” I wiped my face again, but I couldn’t stop the flood of tears that kept coming. “Why am I crying?” 
I got up and made my way out of the clearing as sobs racked my body. I din’t understand why I couldn’t stop tears. I wasn’t hurt; I wasn’t sad.
the
“Why can; t 1 stop?” I dropped to my knees and keeled over I stayed like that until I felt my father’s arms wrap around me. “Why can’t I stop?” 1
“When you doubt the power inside of you, something that is woven into your very core, you hurt yourself. Like you shoved a dagger into your heart. It is a soul wound, and it hurts. The crying will pass.”
“How do you know?” I looked up at my father, but I couldn’t see him clearly through the vale of tears.
“Because I was where you are once upon a time. I did the same thing.” My father shook his head. “I am surprised, though. I thought this would take you longer.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Twenty
“Grandmother helped me. She said you were stupid to put me in the clearing without teaching me anything, as she had taught you how to dive inside yourself before she sent you in there.”
My father froze mid–step: “My grandmother?”
“Yes. She guided me on how to dive into myself. So I could see my wolv-”
I know he is your father, but don’t tell him you have two wolves yet. Come to terms and figure out why you have the two of us. You can tell him when you have answers.
Megan’s soft voice interrupted me, and I corrected myself. “Wolf.”
A tear fell from his eye on to me. “She was always a meddler, that woman. Even before I met my mate, she told me I was going to have to make a hard decision and when I needed council to find her here. She never came to me like she did you, but I heard her voice inside my head. Guiding me to what I should do. ‘One pup is better than none And you can always have more than once the truth comes to light.‘ I miss her.” **
“I know.” I hugged my father tighter and then we headed back.
###Next D 21
5 BONUS
“Let’s go.” I yelled behind me, frustrated with the progress these last few weeks have given to these ladies. Hussle.” I ran with them, leading them while Lynn and Tina running at the very back. I would have lapped them three times if I ran my regular pace. Which is ridiculous. I don’t have access to my wolves yet.
Soon Amy. Soon. Nix’s voice came to me as I panted around the track. I finished the laps and walked over to the water cooler and grabbed a bottle of water, waiting for everyone else to finish.
I stretched out my arms and then dropped to the ground to lean over my legs to stretch them. “Amy, you are killing us.” Cass dropped next to me and I looked up, surprised.
“You finished first.”
“No, you did.” Cass pushed me and laughed, but I shook my head slowly.
“No, Cass. You were behind me. Which is fantastic. You don’t have a weak wolf.” I smiled over at her and Nix chuffed in my head.
Of course, she doesn’t have a weak wolf. Lily just doesn’t see the point in putting her strength into her aura when she can use it to make herself stronger or faster. Unranked wolves have to make the distinction. What would be, more useful in the pack? Aura, or physical strength. The conceded wolves, like their human counterparts, choose aura, to seem bigger, and smarter wolves, like theirs make use of the physical attributes.
“Why do you have both?” I leaned back, with Cass looking like I lost my mind. “What?”
“Who are you talking to?” Cass leaned over her legs.
“My wolf.” I answered slowly, while furrowing my brow.
“You talk to your wolf?”
My head snapped over to face her. “You don’t?”
“No…”
“Oh, Cass, you should. First, it strengthens your bond, and second, they are your best friend and confidant.” “How do I start?” Cass sat back.
“Have you heard your wolf speak yet?” I moved closer.
“No…”
“Don’t they go over this with you in school?” I shook my head.
“The luna is supposed to teach us…” Cass looked down and froze. My mother was supposed to teach the wolves here, and she left.
“Okay.” I stood and helped her to her feet. “New plan for today. Ladies, new plan. Make your way here, please.” “They haven’t completed their laps.” Tina called over.
“Yeah, I know, but I just heard something that I think is hindering them and I plan on rectifying it right now. Come on, ladies, gather round and sit, please.” I had Cass sit back down with the others and I passed everyone a water bottle. “Settle, and when you’re ready, we will try something new.”
“What is it now?” Amanda whined
“Silence.” I snapped out and waited for the others to serria NAT
+25 BONUS 
###Next D 22
Chapter Twenty One
mother, has done you a disservice. That is going to change right now. Everyone, close your eyes.”
“What are you trying to pull now?” Aurora started, but I just glared at her and growled, but she just rolled her eyes before closing them.
“Now, I want you to focus on yourself, your center. Picture a deep, dark forest. You are walking through the dark forest. Tell me what you hear.”
“Bugs.” Someone said.
“The wind in the trees.” Tina said, and I looked over to find both the beta and gamma with their eyes closed as
well.
“I feel the grass on my feet.” Another girl said.
Something is here with me,” Cass whispered and I smiled,
“Who is it?” I asked
“I’m too afraid to look.” She whispered back.
“Trust me when I say this to you….who ever is in your woods is not to be feared. Turn and look. Say hello.” I squatted down in front of Cass and I watched as her face morphed in to surprise.
“It’s…Lily.” Cass’ eyes flew open, and I smiled and nodded
I stood up and watched every girl’s face take on a look of surprised wonder. “Say hello to your wolf. Talk to them every chance you get. Spend the rest of the day getting to know your wolf. It will take a while, but they will become your closest friend. The one person you can tell anything to
Aurora laughed. “These pathetic wolves didn’t even know how to talk to their wolf?” She laughed harder.
“I don’t see what is so funny? Your own niece didn’t even know how to speak to her wolf, and that was something you could have remedied yourself. But this pack hasn’t had a Luna in almost seventeen years. It isn’t anyone’s fault but the fault of the alpha and luna of this pack. Something else I will fix before I go back home.” I turned back to the group. “Dismissed. Spend the day with your wolves.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Two
“Dad.” I slammed into his office and dropped into a chair.
+25 BONUS 
He just looked up from his phone call to me and raised a finger. “Yes, Steven. She will be returning in the next month. But if she wants to move here permanently, you can’t refuse the request.” He paused and met my eyes. “I understand you think she might be your son’s mate, but if she isn’t, you can’t block her again.” He nodded. “I’m happy we could come to an agreement. Thank you Steven. will see you at the Alpha summit.” He hung up the phone and smiled up at me. “Come on in Amy. What can I do for you?”
I smiled and shook my head. “Dad. What was that about?”
“Just clearing the way in case something changes and you and I just laughed. My father was the trouble maker alpha.
want to come back here, or stay.” He smiled up at me
What made you bust in here just now?”
My smile turned into a grimace, and I flopped into a chair. Our family is failing this pack.”
“What do you mean?”
“You have had no one else heading the wolf classes since mom left?” I huffed out a breath and walked as he froze.
“Well fuck.” I nodded. “I honestly forgot about them after the first year.” He scratched his head and leaned back. ” How did you figure it out?”
“I asked Cass if she was talking to her wolf and she was confused.” I cut my eyes away from the ceiling to look at his face. “None of them had…”
My father cursed again and stood, pacing away from his desk. “It’s second nature to talk to our wolves.”
“Not when they first awaken, and if your wolf isn’t accepted, they stay quiet until you talk…”
?
“But…” He looked at me and I saw devastation.
“I know. Once you hear your wolf for the first time, you never stop talking to them and it becomes second nature… but if you never knew to say hello…well it’s lonely for the both of you.” I shook my head. “I released them once I introduced them to their wolves so they could catch up. I know training will go a lot smoother now.”
My dad nodded and collapsed into his seat. “I have failed this pack, haven’t I?” He dropped his head into his hands and huffed out a breath.
“No….we all have,” I got up and wrapped my arms around his shoulders. “Mom,
too.
E
“Your mother didn’t fail-”
“Yes, she did, because a good luna would have made sure the classes and everything continued with her beta female, and she just took off. Hurt or not, she had duties.”
“Amy!” my father admonished, but I shook my head.
“Mom has been teaching me how to be a luna all my life, and I learned my responsibility from her. She needed to practise what she preached.” I rubbed his back and then sat back down. “I will set up the classes with the beta female before I leave.”
“Thank you, baby girl.”
“Can I go into mon’s old office to see what books she left there so I can hand them over until you get a new luna?”
“You know I will never have a new luna Amy” My dad started, but then the phone rang. “I have to take this. Go ahead, darling You know where to go.”
I kissed his cheek as he answered the phone and I headed to my mother’s old office. The place my father hasn’t touched or let anyone else but me enter. He goes in to the office to dust, but no one else.
I open the door and nearly growl when I scented the room. Aurora has been in here. I slam the door shut and I stomp over to the desk, searching to see if anything was missing. I knew this office was like my room at home. Everything had a place. A place I memorized growing up during my time here.
I looked around for an hour, and nothing was out of place. Aurora’s scent was coming from my mother’s chair and I knew my father would lose his mind once he came in here next. It looked like she rustled through some of the paperwork and tried to get into the cabinets, but she didn’t have the key for access. Thank the goddess.
I sat down at her desk and unlocked her desk from a key around my neck and pulled out her books, I looked through everything and I found the one I needed. It was the one with her notes on the coming of age. I knew she had a book on it. This is what I would give to Tina so she can restars the classes.
###Next D 23
Chapter Twenty–Three
+25 BONUS
I
“Amy.” Cass’s voice jolted me from my own thoughts. I got up from my mother’s desk and walked to the door, opening it.
“Hey.” I looked her over, and she had tears drying on her face. “What’s wrong?” I stepped out.
“Nothing everything. I had a question.”
“Anything. What’s going on with you?
“It’s Lily.” Cass grabbed my hand and I stepped out of the office and closed the door.
“Wh=”
“What do you think you’re doing in the luna’s office?” Aurora’s voice was overly loud, and it grated on my nerves.
I turned to her, pulling Cass behind me. “Who are you to question me about my mother’s office?” I lifted my lip. The real question is, why have you been in the luna’s office?” Aurora stumbled. “Did you think I wouldn’t smell you all over the office? You are not permitted in the office. It’s not yours to use, sit in, or dream about.” I was becoming more and more agitated the closer I stepped toward her. “I don’t know how many times I have to say this to you Aurora, but you are not the luna. You will never be the luna. My father won’t ever fall for you. Even with whatever magic you are using on him.”
She sputtered. “I’m not using magic. Who would ever use magic on an alpha?”
Cass leaned in behind me. “Magic is real?” Her soft question caught me off guard.
“How is it, Aurora, that you aren’t surprised like Cassie, because I used the word magic? Something our world has never heard of or considered real? She leaned in to question it but you glazed right over it, accepting the term and moving past it.” I stepped closer and a hint of panic hit my nose.
“Everyone has heard of magic, Amy. Whether or not is real is another story, and everyone knows it’s not.” She tossed back, but the panic in the air grew thicker. So magic was being used. I had to figure this out quick, before she sunk her claws deeper into my father.
I pointed my finger in her face, pressing it against her cheek. “You stink of your lies, Aurora. And I won’t stop until I figure out exactly what the fuck you’re doing to my father.” I snarled in her face, and she whimpered.
“Amy!” My father’s voice boomed, and I stumbled back a step.
“Dad?” I looked up at him. His eyes were clouded and unfocused, but his face was dark with anger. “What’s wrong?”
“How fucking dare you ask what’s wrong? Like you weren’t just getting into Aurora’s face? How could you? You know how much I care about her.” He came forward, and she slid her hand into his, her fingers of her second hand tapping the back of his.
“What?” I shook my head and looked back at Cass, but she just shook her head in disbelief. “Dad? What the hell did you just say?”
“What? I love her Aim, and you will just have to get over it. My dad smiled down at Aurora, who snuggled into his 
“See. I told you I would be the next luna of this pack.”
My eyes shot between their faces, looking for any hint of recognition on my father’s face for what he was saying. Anything that would snap him back to the here and now. “Dad?”
Chapter Twenty–Thren
I watched as his eyes shifted from his normal blue to the gold of Loki and then back. Like his two sides were fighting until he screamed and partially shifted. Aurora screamed and backed away from my partially shifted father, with his claws and fur rippling down his arms. “What is going on?” Loki’s voice ripped through our minds and the hallway, making all of us wince 
“Alpha?” Aurora’s timid voice range out, but Loki just turned and growled at her. 1
“I would leave. Quickly.” I called out to her while I slowly started toward my father’s side. Aurora tried to sidle back up to his side, but Loki and Nix both growled loudly and she turned with a shriek and was running down the stairs. “Dad, calm yourself.” Linched closer and rubbed his arm.
Do you know what she is doing to us yet, pup?” Loki finally turned and focused on me, but I could only shake my
head.
“I’m new to this stuff. I haven’t even figured out how to connect to nature yet.” I softly admitted, and Loki just 
snorted.
“What do you mean you do not know how to connect to nature? You are a wolf, born of nature, raised in nature. Our very fiber is nature. You just have to open yourself up to your animal to see that.”
“I am open with my animal.”
“Obviously not, if you can’t feel nature. Nature should have come easily to you if you were.”
###Next D 24
Chapter Twenty–Four
I waited until my father left me alone in the clearing before I dropped to the grass and closed my eyes. I reached deep inside myself and did the only thing I could think of. “Grandmother, I need your help.” I waited in the silence of the clearing until I felt a chill run down my neck. I opened my eyes to see her sinking down in front of
me. 
Her silver and black hair hung in a braid over her shoulder, swinging in my face and she lowered herself and I couldn’t stop myself from reaching out to brush the strands, but I felt nothing “I’m not truly here, Amy. I send my sprit to you when I sense your need. But you can not touch the spirit world, as I cannot touch the living. I don’t feel the ground we sit upon, or the wind that blows through your hair.”
“But you seem so…” I trailed off.
“Alive? Because I am in a weird way. Who is to say earth is the only life we live?” She gave a secret smile and a wink. “But that is not for you to worry about right now. Now why have you called me here? I have given you the only guidance the moon goddess will allow.” She trailed her fingers through the grass, but I finally noticed that none were moving.
“I know.” I worried at my lip for a moment.
“Stop.” She raised her hand before my face and I swear I could feel the heat of her skin. “Talk to me, little one. What have you been so anxious?”
“Dad.”
“What has he done now?” She settled back and turned her face to the early morning sun.
H
“Something is wrong with him.”
“What do you mean?” She tilted her face back further.
“When he is alone, he’s fine. He remembers everything, he’s alert, he’s not warring with Loki-”
Her head snapped down. “Warring with Loki? What?” Her brows furrowed, and she sat up. “Stop beating around the bush and explain.”
“There is a wolf. Her name is Aurora. She says she is going to be the next luna.”
My grandmother laughed. “You father is devoted to your mom.”
“My mom has been gone for almost seventeen years now, grandma.”
“WHAT?” she screamed.
“Okay, a little bit of back story is needed. Dad came back from his first life and changed it. By pretending to cheat on my mother.”
“I know that foolish girl. I’m the one who told him to.”
“What, why? Wait. He said you were long gone before then
“And I was, but just like you, he called on me, and I gave him advice.” She rubbed her face. “But he was supposed to tell her the truth once he found out the culprit and bring her home.” I watched, and she stood up and paced. Maybe he still hasn’t figured it out? But it has been seventeen years. What is going on?” She whirled back to me and motioned me with her hands to continue.
“So when Aurora isn’t around, he’s fine, but when she is, his eyes cloud over and he says he loves her.” I stood and made my way to where she was pacing in a circle. “Just yesterday, he yelled at me, saying that he loved her
+25 BONUS
and then him and Loki fought for control. Ikiwa burely “I reached out for her, but my arm passed through her and she looked down at my hand know nahing aut magic. But something isn’t right.”
She rubbed her face and tumed to tace me.weble to do anything until to connect to nature.” She pointed me to the ground, and I hutted, but above Love cropped to the ground, she settled on her knees in front of me. “You still need to focus on this bandloce che done with your day. I need you to sneak away from your pack. Do you know the old gazebo in the tackled the yard?
“Yeah. I used to play on it when I was younger.”
“Under it, there is a doorway. Find a way in and followme plek wil lead you underground for about a mile. When you come up, follow the trail to my old ein
“Under the gazebo?”
“Listen, pup. In my cabin, there will be a tireplace made of coblack and white stones. The fifth black stone from the left will be heavy, but liftable. Under it is a bock Grabowalltind answers there.”
“A book? How is a book going to help me?”
She laughed. “Amy. You called your hundred year dead grandmod to a clearing for advice. Why wouldn’t a book have answers?” She leaned in and kissed the air in front of tomised and swore I could feel her lips. “Get the
book, find your answers.” Then she was gone.
###Next D 25
Chapter Twenty–Five
“Let’s go ladies.” I called out, watching the girls move faster than I had seen this month. Cassie, in particular, was moving a lot faster. Once the girls finished their laps, I had them circle up. “Congratulations ladies. We are finally moving like wolves. Now we can up the ante.”
17
“What do you mean by that?” Charlotte, a female that just had her first shift last week, perked up..
“Well now, that you’re actually running, and you have built the muscle on. Now we can break off on to shift and non shifted sides.”
“For what?” Cass asked, bouncing on her toes.
“Hand to hand combat.” I smiled, and some girls jumped with their excitement.
“Finally.” Tamara squealed. “I’ve been waiting for this since we started, ”
“Well, we talked about it, and Amy here thought that getting you moving and building muscle was a stronger base than throwing you into the thick of it.” Tina smiled and bumped her little sister’s shoulder.
“I know, and she’s right. I would have died week one, but now I’m ready.” Tamara laughed back
“Let’s go. I want shifted on my right–hand side and non shifted girls to my left.” There was a quick shuffle and most of the girls moved to the left–handed side, leaving only a handful on my right. “Now pair off. Once we see you all
grapple a few times, we will match you with people that are closer to your skill and strength levels.” I watched as everyone paired off.
“Now ladies. We don’t want to see girl fights here, but we also don’t want you trying to kill each other. We want to see clean fights. No hair pulling, no scratching if you can help it.” Lynn called out.
“Also, for those of you that are unshifted or recently shifted, anger can provoke a shift. If you start to feel a shift coming on, or you partially shift, combat stops there. We will learn to fight in wolf form later on.”
“Before we start, though. I want everyone to form a fist and hold it out.” I called out, and the three of us started going through everyone.
“This is stupid.” Amanda whispered to another crony as I walked up to them.
“You think this is stupid?” I stopped in front of her and grabbed her hand.
“Yes.” She rolled her eyes.
“Why?” I looked her fist over and then wrapped my fingers around her fist.
“Because I know how to make a fist.” She scoffed, and I squeezed, causing her to scream and drop.
“If you knew how to make a fist, Amanda, you wouldn’t currently be on your ass. You tucked your thumb, and if 1 squeeze any harder, or if you say, hit someone with it. Then you would shatter your fucking thumb.” I pulled her to her feet and opened her hand. I tucked her thumb and reformed a proper fist. “So I check. Because it can stop you from making a very stupid decision.”
“Thank you.” She wiped her brow and looked away. I nodded and moved on. Once everyone was checked. I walked. back to the front.
“Now we know this spar is going to be bad. We aren’t expecting you all to know what you are doing. But this is to help us gauge exactly where you are and where we should start with each of you. Do not.” I paused, making eye contact with most of the girls. “Do not assume that if you can’t fight, you won’t get better. We will make you better.” I pointed out Lynn and Tina. “We will all be walking around. We might stop your fight, make a pointer or give a direction. Listen to what we all have to say. Learn from what we have to say and I promise, every day, every
+25 BONUS
Chapter Twenty Five
fight, will be better.” I waited until a few nodded. “Begin.”
Each set of girls charged at the other and started fighting. We had to stop a few that got too heated. One set had the other’s hair wrapped around their fists and pulling them apart was hell. But over all it was a good start.
I watched as Lynn walked up to Cass and her partner, separating the two and walking them through on how to throw a proper punch. Once the two showed a few air punches, Lynn had them get back to sparing, and both ended up with black eyes. I laughed, but they were smiling.
I helped a few others do the same and by the time the fighting was over, more than a few had fat lips and bruises. One girl who was paired up with Aurora was missing a patch of hair, because Aurora didn’t understand stop, and one had to be taken to the doctor. But everyone else was all smiles
###Next D 26
Chapter Twenty–Six
+25 BONUS
“Amy?” I whirled to face my father and tried to smile.
“Yes, daddy?” I looked up at him as he looked over at me.
“What are you doing?” He chuckled at my outfit. “Are you going to break into a bank?” I looked down at my black hoodie, pants, and boots. I just shrugged.
“I’m going for a hike.”
“In all black, with a flashlight, in the late afternoon?” He laughed again and crossed his arms.
“Why not?” I tossed a small wave and ran away before he could ask any more questions. I headed down the stairs and around the back, heading through the kitchen and out the door. I heard Cass calling out for me, but I ran toward the back of the yard.
Once I had run through a couple of small patches of woods, I finally spotted the gazebo. I beelined for it. I was running through what my grandmother said.
I circled the side and found nothing. I circled a few times and there was no way under. I threw my hands up in the air, frustrated with the search already. What in the hell am I going to do? I huffed and slammed my back against the wood panelling on the gazebo.
I felt something pop, and the panel disappeared. And with it, so did I. I tumbled back under the gazebo. I laid on the ground, staring up at the cobwebbed ceiling, and tried to catch my breath as the wood swung back and forth on its hidden hinges. The air was sucked out of my lungs from the impact and the world seems to slow down for a second before I shook myself.
“Ow.”
“I coughed and froze as I heard someone calling for me, but I hopped up and slid the wood closed, clicking on my flashlight and looking around. I kicked the dirt around, looking for a hatch somewhere. I slowly circled the underside of the gazebo, making my way closer to the center until I hit metal.
I crouched down, dusted the handle off, wrapped my fingers around it and pulled. The dirt fell off the front of the wood, and I coughed, breathing in the dust. I covered my face with my elbow and peered down the steps cut into the rock below.
“You trust her, you trust her, you trust her.” I mumbled to myself as I started down the steps. My body broke out into goosebumps as my foot hit the bottom of the tunnel.
She is your grandmother. Megan’s voice sounded in my mind with a soft chuckle.
“I know she is my grandmother, but tell me this isn’t scary! I finished walking under the ground and the air was stale and cool. “No one has been down here in a ling time.” whispered and started down the dark tunnel.
Soon, we can at least find some answers. Nix’s cool voice sounded. But she wouldn’t harm us.
“I know. But it’s been over a hundred years. Who knows what or who is down here?” I swung my flashlight back and forth, feeling eyes on me. I shivered and moved quicker
No one can be down here. Didn’t you feel it when we started down? Nix perked up in my inner place where my wolves stay. I could feel her get to her feet and slowly prowl closer to the edge of my consciousness.
I could see the flash of my eyes on the cool dirt and looked behind me. What was she feeling? “No?” I was confused and my golden eyes helped me see further into the murk.
Magic, when we stumbled under the gazebo at first and when our foot touched down. No one but those of your grandmother planned to be down here could be down here. The ripple was gentle, yet powerful. She was a strong
Chapter Twenty–Sur
witch.t
“I felt nothing.” I rubbed my arms.
+25 BONUS 
Yes, you did. Megan’s soft voice called to me. Think. When we first fell, the world seemed to stop for a second. And when we first came down, your skin pebbled. Even without knowing you felt something.
and 1
“Was that magic?” I still didn’t understand what I was supposed to feel. I still had yet to connect to nature, was already half my time was done here. I had barely scratched the surface, and I still had no way of protecting myself from Brandon. “What are we going to do? I have to go back in less than a month, and we can’t hide our scent yet.” I breathed faster. My mind flashed back to the table and the pain of being cut into, smelling my blood. tainted with silver, and seeing my pup for the first and last time. I wiped away a tear that fell. “I don’t know what to do.”
Calm yourself, we will figure this out together. The three of us. Nix’s powerful voice called out as my foot hit the bottom step of a staircase.
###Next D 27
Chapter Twenty–Seven
I started up the stairs and finally pushed out of the tunnel into what I could only describe as a shallow cave. It was cut into a cliff, but there were no cliffs by my father’s pack
“Where are we?” My flashlight cut across the stone and I moved out toward the entrance. I slid out and somehow, I was at the edge of the sea. Waves crashed before the lip of the cliff, and I could see stairs cut into the left side heading up. So I followed. I walked up, slowly and carefully, mist hitting my face, I screamed as my foot slipped on some slick moss and I windmilled my arms to catch my balance. I pulled myself up to the top of the cliff, and there, at the edge of a clearing, was a small cottage that faced the sky.
It was stunning.
“This is impossible.”
Only if you think magic is a thing of myth. Megan’s voice sounded, and I nodded. We followed the short path to the door and I pushed in. The world shifted, and it was like I was seeing one thing with one eye and something different with the other.
One hand, the cabin looked perfect. Everything was intact. Icould walk in and see every piece of furniture and every dust mote as it danced by. On the other, the cabin was a burnt shell of its former glory. The runes that lay- tattered were charcoal black and crumbling. I pushed in through the wood door with a soft creak and kicked up a cloud of smoke and debris.
This dual vision was splitting in my mind. “What’s going on? How is this possible?” I pushed my way through the front room, feet squeaking on clean floors, and stumbling over rocks. “If either of you says magic again, I might scream.” Two sets of laughter followed my threat, and I knocked my hand against my temple. And the clean, perfect, homey cabin disappeared. Leaving behind the burnt shell of a home,
For that, I think you will have to ask the woman that sent you here. Only she will tell you. Nix settled as the air wavered in front of me and the homey, plush living room was back. Only this time, there was laughter.
“Come, my darling boy, where did you go? Gran has you.” A dark–haired, blue–eyed boy with two missing front teeth ran into the room from the kitchen and a stunningly beautiful woman followed suit.
Her face held no wrinkles, but her hair was turning gray. I was looking at how I would have looked after I made it a few hundred years. Her eyes met mine, and she froze. The boy disappeared up the stairs, but she walked closer and raised her hand to cup my face. “How?”
“Places hold memories.” Her voice wavered. “You are stunning, my girl. I’m sorry I won’t be able to meet you in person, but I want you to know I love you with everything lam.”
“You know who I am?”
“You think I wouldn’t recognize my babe? Children of my line have my spark, and like recognizes like.” She leaned in. “You have had a hard road so far, but everything can be remade stronger. Roots can grow deeper. Paths change and grow.”
“Your home is…”
“Gone but not gone. What you see now is just a memory burned into the very ground I worked with my blood and tears. The runes, the husk, are what is truly left. A sad testament to the love that burned here.”
“What happened to it? How am I on a cliff by the sea, hundreds of miles away from the pack house?” 
“I was never a pack animal, preferring my solitude. But magic can fold the very fabric of space, connecting one spot to another. I was able to have my solitude, but also my family.” She turned away and trailed her hands along the furniture and it all flickered, turning to ash in her wake She twirled, kicking un a clen
+25 BONUS
Chapter Twenty–Seven
my mouth to breathe. “As to what happened here? It was the night of the attack. I felt wolves breach our borders, and I ran to save them. I fought to keep this space closed off, but as I fell, so did my defences and someone found my tunnel.” She walked over and sat at the fireplace. The cabin flickered back into life, fire roaring and laughter coming from the stairs. “I watched as the person ransacked any home, and while your father was taking care of the pack, my house was burned.”
1 watched a tear fall. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be darling girl. They didn’t find what they were looking for. What you are looking for. Now come, time is short and you have too much to learn.” She waved me over and patted a stone. I placed my hand on it and there was a flash. The stone was gone, and under it was a book. “Hurry, someone is hunting you and I can’t block him for long. You need to protect yourself.” Then, once again, I was alone, and the cabin, that was once so full of love, was just a crumbling rune.
###Next D 28
Chapter Twenty–Eight
I headed back down the stairs and into the cave. The book was heavier than I expected and weighed me down as I squeezed back through the entrance of the cave, and back into the tunnel. I started to run, feeling like something was chasing me. But as I hit the bottom step of the stairs heading up, a howl ripped through the air, but it was unlike a howl I had ever heard before. Deeper, darker and somehow two toned. It made even Nix perk up and Megan hide.
“What the fuck is that?” I whipped around to face the way we had just came, but my flashlight showed nothing It sounded like it was right behind me.”
It came from far off. Nix paced the edge of her home, brushing her fur against my side, calming me and herself
with the contact.
“How did it reach me down here?” I whipped back and stumbled up the stairs.
It was that loud. Nix’s voice sounded a little breathless.
“Are you okay?” I paused with my hand on the door, and waited for Nix to answer. Another howl ripped down the tunnel, somehow louder. And Nix started to pant. “Nix? What’s going on here?”
I don’t know. But I can’t stop my reaction to the call. Move, Now. Before I cannot stop myself from keeping you here and waiting for the male that is calling for us. Nix huffed and slunk back into the depths, forcing herself with every step. Go now. He’s coming
I pushed the hatch and slammed it behind me, running to the panel and pulling it back. I made sure everything was closed up before running straight back to the pack house. “Amy!” I looked over my shoulder as I burst through the back door and ran straight into Cass.
“Cass!” I pulled her back from falling on her butt and looked behind me again.
“Woah. Are you okay?” Cass gripped my arm and I snapped back to her.
“Yeah. Yeah. I’m fine. Why do you ask?” I let her go and went back to the back door.
“Well, you are acting like, well, this.” She waved her hands up and down my body and then laughed. “Are you looking for something? Or someone?”
I peeked through the curtain. And then turned back. “No. No. Of course not.” I laughed and shook myself. “I’m fine.” I took a breath and turned to face Cass. “Were you looking for me?”
“Yeah. For like six hours.” Cass looked concerned and got closer to me. “Are you sure you’re okay? And why are you holding a stone?”
“What?” I looked down at the book in my hands and back to Cass, who was also looking at the book in my hand. ” This?” I waved it around, and she nodded.
“Yes…the black stone in your hand.” Cass pointed at the book and, even though I was confused, I stammered out
an answer.
y back.
“I liked the way it looked and wanted to bring it home.” I smiled and put it behind my
“When did you collect rocks?” Cass laughed and pulled me through the kitchen. “And where have you been? It’s
so late.”
“I guess today.” I laughed and headed back up to my room. “I went for a hike to clear my head. What time is it?” I looked around, but I left my phone in my room.
“It’s past midnight.” Cass flopped down on my bed as we entered the room. I headed into my closet and opened
+25 BONUS
Chapter Twenty–Eight
my safe. I put the book into the safe and closed it up. I headed back into the room and I mind linked an omega to bring up some food. I was starving.
“Fuck.” I wiped my face and stretched. “I didn’t realize I was out there so long. I have to be up in a few hours.”
“Why?”
“Training with my dad.” The knock at the door had me calling out. “Enter.” The omega sat down the platter.” Thank you, Wendy.” The girl nodded and left as I dug in.
“I wanted to sleep over.” Cass moaned as she rolled to face me. “I wanted to talk about my wolf with you.”
“Honestly. Once I nail down what my dad is trying to teach me, maybe I can talk him into skipping one day. We deserve a girls‘ day.”
“But, I feel a but.” Cass eyed me as I shoveled food into my face.
I coughed on a chunk of ham. “But I need to figure out the technique before anything else.”
“Why?”
I stopped eating and faced her. “Because I need to know how to protect myself for when I go home.” I turned my face away and Cass stayed silent. She got up and walked over to get in my face.
“Are you in danger?” And for the first time since this all started, I let the fear in, and I gave a small nod.
###Next D 29
Chapter Twenty–Nine
“Connect with nature, pup.” Loki pushed me with his snout into the clearing. “You are running out of time.”
“I know.” I headed to the center and sank to the ground. Today I was determined to succeed, and I wasn’t leaving until I at least figured out how to feel my magic. I closed my eyes and started down into the center of myself. My mind flowed down, circling my inner–self, until I burst through a barrier, stumbling into a clearing in my dark 
woods.
I stalked
deeper into the forest, moving in between then trees as I went. Nix joined me on my right, and Megan on my left. Comparing the two wolves was hard. Megan, while beautiful and majestic, was a small size wolf for a werewolf. “Megan?”
“Yes, Amy?” Her voice was soft and gentle.
“What rank are you?” I looked down at her and she chortled.
“I’m a small gamma. Still ranked, but now where near what Nix is.
to
“You are still a ranked member, little one. And together, alpha and gamma, we will be better serve Amy together. You see things in ways I cannot. And vice versa.” Nix looked over at both of us. “I do not see you as a different rank. We are all alphas.” Nix nudged my shoulder with her moon kissed forehead and I bumped her back. “I hope you both know how much I love and cherish you.” I stopped and knelt down next to Megan. “I’m sorry it took me so long to find you.” I wrapped my fingers in her soft coat and leaned my forehead against hers.
“I know. I had Nix to keep me company.” Her toothy grin made me laugh. “Now come, you need to figure out your power.”
I stood and wrapped my finger in Nix’s thick dark coat. “I know, little one.” She turned to me and kissed my face. I have always known.”
I nodded and we started walking again. The deeper we went, the quieter we all were, The dark forest gave way to a clearing, not unlike the one I was currently sitting, and I knew that this was where I would find my answers.
“What is this place?”
“We don’t know.” Nix’s voice was smokey, and she looked around. “You never push us this deep,”
“I’ve never been here before.” Megan sat at the edge and nudged me in. “I think you have to do this alone.” I turned to Nix, and she nodded. So I took a cleansing breath and stepped into the clearing. It burst to life. Color flooding the once dark woods, and the wind sent my hair billowing around.
I sat down and faced my wolves. I pushed my hands deep into the grass that grew there and I waited. What exactly I was waiting for, I had no idea. But I felt like this was right. I pushed my fingers deeper into the dirt, feeling the way the dark soil cooled my skin. The wind blew my hair into my face, tickling the skin at the base of my neck. The sun heated my upturned face. And I heard it.
A call
It started off as a bird, calling out for a mate. But it became louder, stronger. And with it, my heart started to race. Faster and faster until it was pounding in my ears like drums. And the call that started off as a gentle sound became a pounding rhythm that my heart matched up with
Nix threw her head back and howled. Matching her song to the racing song that had become my very essence. Megan soon joined. And then I was on my feet, head thrown back, howling my piercing song to a darkened sky and a full moon that watched over us all.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Twenty–Nine
And then everything froze.
The world became silent, and it was like everything crystalized in this very moment. The pounding call of the wild, the thing that I was driven by, the call that danced along my skin not two seconds ago, leaving me breathless and panting, was my heartbeat.
I turned in a circle, searching for something. I was missing something. What exactly? I had no idea. But I was missing something. 1 dropped back down to my knees, and was about to scream my frustration. I pounded into the ground and dirt flew into the air.
“Fighting it won’t help.” Someone knelt in front of me, and I looked up to find a radiant woman sitting on her knees before me. Her white hair cascaded down her body and her white dress shimmered in the moonlight.
“I don’t know what I’m searching for.”
“I know. Sweet girl. But I can help you.” She reached for my hand and I froze.
“Who are you?” I sat back on my heels and reached for her
“Now, my dear girl. Who could I be…”
###Next D 30
Chapter Thirty
I looked over at the stunningly beautiful woman, and something clicked inside of me. “Moon Goddess?”
“I knew you were a smart little pup.” She smiled down at me and her body seemed to pulse with light. “Now talk to me.”
“I can’t connect with nature…I won’t be able to save my father. I won’t be able to save myself.” I dropped my head to my hands and wanted to cry. “Goddess?”
“Yes, my dear girl.”
“Why?” I could only utter the one word and she gave me a sad smile.
“Something’s have to happen.” She leaned down and kissed my forehead. “Something’s are set in stone so that everything unfolds the way it has to ”
“But my pup.” I choked out, and her smile trembled.
“Is by my side and I have taken the very best care of him.” The goddess pulled me to my feet and held my hand. “I tell him every day just how much you love him.”
Tears fell as I nodded. “I wanted him so much.”
“I know my daughter. And I’m sorry you had to live that life, but…”
“It’s okay.” I waved her away.
“Now, about connecting to your power.” The goddess twirled under the moon and I had to remember to breathe. I don’t know why, but she was stunningly beautiful, and it took my breath away. She looked at me and smiled. “It’s because I call to your wolves. And you have two.” She cupped my cheek, and I nodded. “But you are chasing after your power. And you shouldn’t.”
“I have to connect to nature.” I shook my head and she smiled.
“You are chasing your tail.”
“What?” I didn’t know what she was saying,
“Sit. Listen.” We settled back on the ground. “Your power is a part of your very essence. You are essentially chasing your hand with the other hand.” I felt my face drop, and she smiled. “What happens when you chase something?”
“You catch it?”
“When a wolf feels threatened, it runs.” She patted my head. “Close your eyes.” I settled and listened to her voice. “The easiest way to coax out a wolf is to sit quietly and wait for it to come to you and then catch it off guard.”
“But this is just connecting to nature.” I opened one eye, and she laughed.
“It’s a part of your very being. You have two wolves. Their nature is your nature.”
“So, what do I have to do?”
“Open yourself to the possibility. I have a feeling that you haven’t let yourself believe in actually having magic. But your line was blessed, for a very specific reason.”
“You gave us maple?” I felt myself center again, listening to the goddess’s voice,
“The blessing came from your human side, your father’s grandma.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Thirty
pup, instead of growing weaker, I nurtured the seed so that you would have the gift.”
“The seed?”
“Think of it as a seed. It is a small kernel of power, passed down from your father. But you have to plant it, nurture it, grow your power. Like you would a flower. Stop chasing after nature, as it is fickle. Find the seed and plant it, allow it to flourish inside of you.” Her words faded, and I focused on my center.
“I thought no one could help me.” I dug deep and finally I found the kernel she was talking about. It was a soft pulsing green, and just like when I chased after the power, it made my heart race. I wrapped my hand around it, and I could feel the pounding vibration of my heartbeat. “I thought I had to find this on my own.
But when I opened my eyes, the goddess was gone, and in her place was a white pot. There was a folded piece of paper beside it and I picked it up, opening my hand to look at the seed of power.
Some times, even a goddess has to intervene. Plant your seed, nurture your power, watch out for the darkness. The note made me shiver as I dropped it back to the ground and pushed a finger into the soil in the pot. I felt the world slow as I pushed the seed deep into the hole I had made.
I covered the seed with dirt and then I looked up to the moon, but it was once again a sun, and a soft rain fell. I still didn’t understand how I connected with nature. But anytime I touched the white pot, I could feel something trembling across my skin.
Power. Nix’s voice jolted me from the pot. I had focused solely on the seed that she and Megan had faded.
“How did I connect with nature?”
I think when we were chasing it; it was playful and stayed away, making you work harder. But the goddess gave you this outlet. One your mind would comprehend. Megan stepped forward and nudged the pot.
“Why?”
Because she has need of us. Nix’s answer was swift and terrifying.
###Next D 31
Chapter Thirty–One
#25 BONUS
Amy…” a voice called out, but it sounded like it was far away. I looked around the clearing and all I could see were Megan and Nix, patiently waiting for me. “Amy!” The voice was more insistent, closer, but still there was no one other than the three of us.
“Who is that?” I looked at my wolves and they seemed to shrug.
“AMY!” I jumped, my eyes snapping open and there was my father at the edge of the clearing, frantically pacing. Wake up!” He called out again and my eyes finally focused on his face. He was pale and sweating. What’s wrong? “Dad?” I called out, wiping my eyes.
He whirled around and pounded on a barrier that wasn’t there this morning. “Amy!” He forced his hands flat against the invisible shield. “Thank the goddess.”
“Dad?” I was still confused. “What’s wrong?”
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong? Amy, you have been unconscious for over two hours.” He rubbed his eyes. “I’ve been calling you since I got here, and this is the first time you answered.” Η
I stood and dusted the grass from my legs. “Why are you here?” I was still so confused.
起
“It’s time for lunch. I was coming to get you.” My dad knelt down and shook himself. “I never want to see you like that again.
13
“I’m okay.” I stood on shaky legs and walked over to where he was waiting. I expected the shield in place, so I raised my hand to touch the invisible barrier, but I passed right through and my father grabbed me. He buried his face in my hair and breathed.
“I was so worried.” His voice was shaky as he breathed in my scent. He froze for a minute and pulled back. “You smell different.”
I pulled back and opened my mouth, but Megan cut in. It isn’t time to tell him yet. We have secrets to unveil before we can tell them the truth.
“I think I figured out the nature thing” I closed my eyes and wrapped my arms around the white pot the goddess placed there, and I felt something zip alone on my skin. He pulled back and smiled.
“I knew you would figure it out.” He ruffled my hair and pulled me into his arms. “Now we can move on to the next lesson.”
“What’s that?”
“For you…cloaking yourself.” He shifted and I jumped onto his back and we were running back to the pack house. I laughed as he jumped off a dead tree and we soared through the air. The feeling of the wind in my fur was amazing. Wind in my fur… I looked down and I saw that black fur had grown down my arms.
“Dad…” He skidded to a stop hearing the worry in my voice, and I hopped off. I was staring down at my arms and panic set it. “Is this supposed to be happening?”
calm pup. It just means you are getting closer to shifting.” The fur rippled and panic burst in my chest.
“I’m not ready yet.” I knew without a doubt if I shifted before I covered my scent, there would be no way I would be able to.
“Pup, it’s okay.” Loki rubbed his head against me and I shook myself.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Thirty One
“If I shift before learning how to cover my scent, I won’t be able to.” I grabbed Loki’s face.
“Yes, you will. I’ve been able to.” I shook my head and I could feel Nix come closer to the surface. My eyes shifted, and Nix was staring into Loki’s eyes.
“Listen to us. If we shift before learning to cover our scent, we won’t be able to cover ourselves. There are certain things we can’t tell you, but this I am certain.”
“How are you so certain, pup?” Loki settled at my feet and Nix pushed against the surface. Fur sprouted on my arms and face and Loki chuffed. “A moon blessing.”
“What?” I choked out, my voice rougher than normal.
“You have a moon blessing on your forehead.” Loki’s snout touched my forehead and a silver light flared at the touch. “I believe you.”
Nix pulled back, tucking herself deeper into my dark forest. I’ll have to stay far away from you, as will Megan, or else we might trigger a shift.
“Are you leaving me?” I felt my eyes shift back and the fur receded.
Never. Her response was soft, but firm.
“We will work on hiding yourself tomorrow.” Loki promised. “You already missed the training start time with the girls. I told Tina and Lynn to start without you. So when we get back, after we eat, we can work on not shifting.”
“I’m scared.” I felt my skin ripple again. “I feel like I’m losing control.”
“You are,” Loki answered honestly. “But I can’t teach you how not to. Now get on.”
###Next D 32
Chapter Thirty–Two
We made our way back to the house and into my father’s office before I saw anyone else. An omega brought in plates of rare steak. “Dad?” My stomach clenched looking at the meat. I couldn’t tell if I wanted it, or my body was rejecting the idea of eating it.
“You need a lot of meat. You wolf is begging you to shift. It’s her time to shine now that the power portion has been handled. But you have things to worry about other than shifting, and this will help keep Nix under wraps.” He nudged the plate in front of me. “Try it. I know it probably doesn’t look appetizing, but I promise you, you will enjoy it.”
I reached for a fork and knife, but my nails shifted to claws before I could wrap my fingers around the utensils. I snatched up the meat and tore into it, blood dripping from the meat. It was still so rare. Nix settled farther back into the forest in my mind’s eye, and Megan settled next to her.
I’m sorry Amy. I seem to be losing control. Nix started to pace as I continued to tear into the meat. By the time I had finished off the first, Megan had completely laid down. But Nix was still antsy.
“How do you feel?”
“Scared. Nix is antsy, pacing just below the surface.” I shook myself as my father slid another plate in front of me. “Another one.” I snatched it up, ripping into it like it was my prey. “Rare meat will settle your wolf for a time, but sometimes you might need a little help.” My father pulled out a little bottle from the desk. The bottle screamed danger.
“What is that?” I chewed the last bit of the second steak and my claws shifted back to my normal fingers, eyes were still golden. Nix had stopped pacing, but she was alert.
but my
My father twisted open the bottle and the spicy scent of whatever was inside hit my nostrils. I could feel myself twitchin
to move away from the bottle. “This is wolfs bane” He pulled the last steak to himself and sprinkled a tiny amount onto the steak and then pushed it towards me.“You don’t need to have a lot. Just a sprinkle will do when you’re on edge.”
“Will do what?”
“Wolf’s bane removes the ability to shift.” He nudged the plate again. “It burns a little. But it isn’t horrible. Try it.”
I grabbed the last steak and took a bite. The wolf’s bane set my gums on fire, but it didn’t taste like anything. I ate the rest of the steak with no problem, but by the time I finished, I could feel my gums were a little swollen and burning
“It burns.” I swiped my tongue over my teeth, and my dad podded
“I want you to take a little every day.”
“Why?”
“Well, first, I want to keep you from shifting. You’re ready Second, I want you to start to build up a resistance.” “why?” I couldn’t seem to form a different:
My mouth was a light, 
“Because I want you to be able to protect yourself. And if you ever have someone try to poison you with wolfs bane, you will be able to still shift, and you can recognize the signs and be ready.”
“How often do people poison others with wolf’s bane?” I wiped the sweat that had gathered on my lip.
“I was poisoned with wolfs bane more times than I could count, but my inother did this for me, and I’ll do the 
+25 BONUS
Chapter Thirty Two
same for you.”
“How do I know I can still shift?” I wanted to itch my gums, but I clenched my fists instead.
“Take wolfs bane daily. Once you have mastered covering your scent, we will stop for a while until your first shift comes on. Then every day you will take the wolfs bane, and then try to shift. Once you body has built up enough resistance to it, and you can shift still, we can move on to the next thing.”
I
“What’s the next thing?” I was out of my depths. “Why do I even need to do this?”
“Because I need to know that you are safe, even away from me. And that you will always wo access to your wolf” My father shook his head. “You never shifted in your last life, and you were made into Brandon’s victim. I will ensure you will be no one’s victim ever again.”
“You ignored my question.” I pointed out, and that gave me an uneasy feeling. “What’s after wolfs bane?”
My father looked down at his hands and then back up into my eyes. “Silver.” I shivered at the word but nodded.
###Next D 33
Chapter Thirty–Three
“Close you eyes.” I had barely wiped the sleep from my eyes when my dad sat me down in his office with Uncle Ronnie. I settled deeper into the chair and closed my eyes. “Now I want you to pull Nix closer to the surface until your eyes shift.
“The wolfs bane?”
“Won’t interfere. We waited the last two days to clear it from your system.” My father settled behind his desk. That made sense. I have been shut in my room for the last few days, doing my best not to shift. And staying clear of other wolves has been my saving grace. “Close your eyes Amy.” I nodded. “Once Nix is close to the surface, I am going to have Ronnie scent you. Once your scent has shifted, we can work on the next step.”
“If Uncle Ronnie can scent me, won’t that screw me over?” peeked out of one eye and my dad shook his head.
“We won’t be shifting fully, just bringing Nix forward enough so we can tell when you manage cloaking yourself.” I closed my eye again and shook myself.
“Nix, I need you to come closer.” I whispered, and Uncle Ronnie laughed.
“You know you can talk to her in your mind, right?”
“You know you can shut up. Right old man?” I shot back, and he chuckled.
Nix slunk out of the trees in my inner sanctum. And she slowly approached me. Amy, are you sure this is safe?
“Not at all, but we have to hide our scent, and this is the way we learn.” I shrugged and waited until she came closer. 1 felt my eyes shift as she got closer to the surface of my soul and I opened my eyes to face my father. Okay.”
My father cocked his head toward me and Ronnie got up. Once he was next to me, he knelt down and sniffed around me. I held still as he scented me and waited until he pulled back to look me in the eye. “You’re hiding things, little pup.” Ronnie’s eyes had shifted to his wolfs gray eyes and leaned in again. “But I have her scent.” He leaned back and popped back to his feet. 1
“Okay, close your eyes again Amy.” My father leaned down on his desk, and I settled back into myself. “Connect with your power.” I stumbled on what I was supposed to do but then I remembered the pot. Nix, Megan, and I rushed to the clearing, and I slid to a stop in front of it. I placed my hand on it and I felt a rush through my body. This was power. “Soon you will connect to it without a thought. But for now, you may have to touch your power source.” I nodded along “Now I want you to picture a blanket.”
“A blanket?” I furrowed my brow and waited.
“Yes.” My father’s voice was amused. “It’s a huge blanket that you toss over Nix, and your tuck her in.”
“How does this help? Tucking her away? And how does it help when she is out?” Uncle Ronnie chuckled and my dad growled softly.
“It’s just a metaphor that you can imagine helping with the cloaking.” He explained, but I couldn’t get past tucking Nix in out of my mind. I giggled and shook my head
“It’s not going to work. I keep plcturing her as a baby.” Nix prowled, and I laughed outright.
“I need you to picture a way to either change your scent, or picture a way to keep it in.” My father explained.
Like a scented candle or something?” I just stared at my dad, and he smirked.
“Something like that. We just need something your mind can picture, and hold on to in the back of your mind. Something that will come easily so you don’t have to focus on it.‘
25 BONUS 
Chapter Thirty–Three
“Okay..” I trailed off and closed my eyes. “What works better?”
“Why don’t you try one and we will check, and then the other? Which ever works the best is the one we will focus: on.” I started with the scented candle since it was the easiest to picture. I walked back to my clearing and sat down by the pot. Nix dropped a candle at my feet and I placed it on the stump.
“How do I light it?” I turned to Nix, and she chuffed before she leaned down and huffed out a soft breath, lighting the candle. The soft scent of vanilla and cinnamon wafted out. “How’s that?”
I waited for Ronnie to get up and I heard him take big breaths in, taking in my scent. “You originally smelled of citrus and berries. Now you smell confusing. Like you added vanilla and cinnamon. It’s weird.”
###Next D 34
Chapter Thirty–Four
“Okay. Now let’s try removing your scent all together.” My father tossed out and I had to think. What removes a smell from the air, other than air fresheners or candles?
“I know this will sound stupid…” Ronnie started, but I just scoffed.
“I’m picturing a scented candle in my mind to protect me from my shitty mate. Something that shouldn’t work, and it’s just ridiculous. I don’t think we can get any worse.
He pointed at me and smiled. “True. I was just thinking, a vacuum. It sucks everything in.” I debated the idea.
“It doesn’t have to be a perfect idea. Just something you can focus on while your power does the thing you need.” My dad stood and walked over to me. “It’s more about an outlet for your power to flow through. Your power will flow the way you intend it, but you need something to start it,”
I closed my eyes again and pictured a vacuum in my clearing. I angled the hose up and plugged the vacuum into an outlet that appeared on the pot, and clicked it on. The noise was deafening in my mind, like it would be in real life, and Nix and Megan huddled down, covering their ears.
“Okay,” I focused on the noise of the vacuum and ignored everything else.
After a few moments, Ronnie’s voice sounded next to me.” smell nothing.” My eyes popped open and found him right in front of my face. “You scent is completely gone.” My eyes snapped to my dad, who stood and came over. He leaned down and scented me right at my cheek, and then he nodded. 1
“No scent. Good.” He pulled back and I focused on him and he smiled. “There you are.” 
“What?” I was confused.
“You lost focus and your scent came back. But now we know we can shift your scent and completely cloak it. Now we can focus on keeping it up while doing other things.”
“Why are you so happy?” I asked when he wouldn’t stop smiling.
“You pick things up quickly. I took weeks to learn how to cloak myself. And you did it with in minutes.” He clapped me on my shoulder. “I want to focus on changing your scent at first, though.”
“Why?”
“Well, wolves all have a scent and if you go around without having one, it would be suspicious. But cloaking is good for a lot of things,”
“Spying being the first and best use of it.” Ronnie tossed out.
“Spying? It’s 2024. Why would I need to spy?”
“I don’t know.” He grinned. “But I have a feeling you need all the tricks you can come up with.”
“So,” my father redirected. “Bring back the candle to change your scent.” I relit the candle and gave a small thumb up. My father leaned into smell my cheek and pulled back. “It’s almost like you have three scents. Citrus and berries, vanilla and cinnamon, and peaches. Your mother smelled a little of peaches.” His smile was a little sad. He shook himself and moved back to the desk. “Okay, so while the candle is going, I want you to focus on something else. Ronnie will stay next to you and note any times your scent changes.”
“What do you want me to focus on?”
My father tossed me a book that looked aged and I caught it. “Pick something you want to learn.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Thirty–Fou
“What is this?”
“That is my book of shadows.” My dad leaned in. “Something that is usually passed down from witch to witch, but our family’s book was lost when my grandmother’s house was burned down during the attack. I started my and own and filled it with everything she taught me.” His face was sad. “I wish I could give you hers…” I got up ran out of the room with my father calling after me. “Amy!
I ran to my room and punched into my safe and grabbed the book that was hidden there and ran back. I was out of breath from excitement, but I knew he needed to see this.
“Why do you have a rock?” Ronnie’s confused voice watched as I slammed the book on my father’s desk, but I ignored him.
“How did you get this?” My father’s voice shook with an emotion I couldn’t put my finger on, but he looked up at me with tears in his eyes.
“I was told to go to the cabin. I was told where to find it.” I whispered back.
My father took a deep breath and wrapped his hands around the book. There was a snap in the air, and a tear fell from my father’s eye.
boy. Everything is how it needs to be.” We both jolted and whirled to face the new person in the
“Don’t cry, my b
###Next D 35
Chapter Thirty–Five
“Grandma.” My dad stood and went to grab for her but she held up her hand.
“I’m not here, boy–o. Not really here. She pulled me to you with that.” She pointed to the book.
“Your book of shadows. I thought it was lost.” He turned back to the book and hovered his hands over it.
“It wasn’t lost, it was hidden.” She looked over at me and smiled. “It was found by who it was meant to be found by.” She walked over and hovered her hands around my father’s face, almost cupping it. “I’ve missed you. But I can’t stay. Watch out for the darkness.”
“I love you.” His whisper was soft.
“And I you.” She leaned down to kiss his forehead, and then she was gone.
He looked over at me and I could see the devastation there. “You met her?“1
I nodded. “She helped me find myself, my inner self, anyway, so that I could find my power. Even then, the Moon Goddess had to give me a push.”
“You met the moon goddess?” Ronnie lept up and rushed over.
“I don’t actually know.” I lifted a shoulder and looked back at my dad, who nodded.
“We all do. She is the final push to connect to our power.” He patted my hair. “It’s why we can’t tell you what will happen, because she will only come when you are ready. And if you knew she would come…”
“I wouldn’t have tried so hard to connect with my power.” I finished, and he agreed.
“She has to allow the power to flow, a final blessing, you might say. But if she doesn’t think you aren’t ready, or trying, she won’t come.” He leaned down and kissed me.
“So…”
“So she thought you were ready, and able to balance your wolf and power. This time around you are doing everything right.”
“So
my last life. I never shifted because I never balanced out my power and wolves. So this time, I’ll be able to wield my power and shift.”
“Wolves?” Ronnie whispered.
My eyes widened and my dad lifted a brow before he answered. “This time will be completely different. You’ll be able to do everything.”
My dad ignored my slip up. You will explain that to me when you can.
“I will.” I turned back to the book of shadows. “So you wanted me to do what with the book?”
My father looked at Ronnie and he shook his head. “She lost control when your ghost showed up.”
“Well, damn.” He pushed the book to me and looked over my shoulder until he found the page he was looking for. “Focus back on your scent. It’s changed back and we need you to learn how to keep it going without focus. Something that happens initially.” He tapped the page while I relit the candle in my mind.
“Can our wolves wield magic?”
“What do you mean?” My dad’s finger froze.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Thirty–Five
“Well, when I’m in this form, Nix can focus on keeping the power going. And let me know when it grows too weak. If she can wield my magic herself as a part of me, then she can keep it going, and I won’t have to worry about it. Even when I’m asleep.” I was even better prepared for Megan. “And when I actually shifted, I could do the same when she was out.”
Ronnie smacked my dad on the back of the head. “Why didn’t you ever think of that?”
“I don’t know.” My dad laughed and turned to me. “Yes, our wolves can use our magic, as the Moon Goddess blessed us and them. So you are one hundred percent correct. Nix can watch the magic while you are in charge and you can do the same when she is shifted. Loki has helped me multiple times in my life with my magic.” He looked at me sheepishly.
But I just smiled. “I had a question. Has a werewolf ever had multiple forms?” I tossed out the random question as I flipped through the pages of the book of shadows and stopped on one with a picture of a werewolf that was half
shifted.
“They can. The stronger you are, the more you can hold a partial shift,” My father shifted his claws and covered his hand in fur, but it stopped midway up his arm. “If you are thinking about that shift…” He pointed to the picture. “You won’t be able to do that one.”
“Why not?” I was more interested in shifting into Nix and Megan so each would have their freedom.
I don’t need to shift Amy. Megan’s voice was soft, but I heard the scoff that came from Nix.
Every one needs their freedom, Megan. Including you. Nix shook herself and nudged her into the clearing with the
pot.
“Because…that isn’t a werewolf. That is a Lycan.” My father’s answer shook me back to the here and now.
###Next D 36
Chapter Thirty–Five
“Grandma.” My dad stood and went to grab for her but she held up her hand.
“I’m not here, boy–o. Not really here. She pulled me to you with that.” She pointed to the book.
“Your book of shadows. I thought it was lost.” He turned back to the book and hovered his hands over it.
“It wasn’t lost, it was hidden.” She looked over at me and smiled. “It was found by who it was meant to be found by.” She walked over and hovered her hands around my father’s face, almost cupping it. “I’ve missed you. But I can’t stay. Watch out for the darkness.”
“I love you.” His whisper was soft.
“And I you.” She leaned down to kiss his forehead, and then she was gone.
He looked over at me and I could see the devastation there. “You met her?“1
I nodded. “She helped me find myself, my inner self, anyway, so that I could find my power. Even then, the Moon Goddess had to give me a push.”
“You met the moon goddess?” Ronnie lept up and rushed over.
“I don’t actually know.” I lifted a shoulder and looked back at my dad, who nodded.
“We all do. She is the final push to connect to our power.” He patted my hair. “It’s why we can’t tell you what will happen, because she will only come when you are ready. And if you knew she would come…”
“I wouldn’t have tried so hard to connect with my power.” I finished, and he agreed.
“She has to allow the power to flow, a final blessing, you might say. But if she doesn’t think you aren’t ready, or trying, she won’t come.” He leaned down and kissed me.
“So…”
“So she thought you were ready, and able to balance your wolf and power. This time around you are doing everything right.”
“So
my last life. I never shifted because I never balanced out my power and wolves. So this time, I’ll be able to wield my power and shift.”
“Wolves?” Ronnie whispered.
My eyes widened and my dad lifted a brow before he answered. “This time will be completely different. You’ll be able to do everything.”
My dad ignored my slip up. You will explain that to me when you can.
“I will.” I turned back to the book of shadows. “So you wanted me to do what with the book?”
My father looked at Ronnie and he shook his head. “She lost control when your ghost showed up.”
“Well, damn.” He pushed the book to me and looked over my shoulder until he found the page he was looking for. “Focus back on your scent. It’s changed back and we need you to learn how to keep it going without focus. Something that happens initially.” He tapped the page while I relit the candle in my mind.
“Can our wolves wield magic?”
“What do you mean?” My dad’s finger froze.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Thirty–Five
“Well, when I’m in this form, Nix can focus on keeping the power going. And let me know when it grows too weak. If she can wield my magic herself as a part of me, then she can keep it going, and I won’t have to worry about it. Even when I’m asleep.” I was even better prepared for Megan. “And when I actually shifted, I could do the same when she was out.”
Ronnie smacked my dad on the back of the head. “Why didn’t you ever think of that?”
“I don’t know.” My dad laughed and turned to me. “Yes, our wolves can use our magic, as the Moon Goddess blessed us and them. So you are one hundred percent correct. Nix can watch the magic while you are in charge and you can do the same when she is shifted. Loki has helped me multiple times in my life with my magic.” He looked at me sheepishly.
But I just smiled. “I had a question. Has a werewolf ever had multiple forms?” I tossed out the random question as I flipped through the pages of the book of shadows and stopped on one with a picture of a werewolf that was half
shifted.
“They can. The stronger you are, the more you can hold a partial shift,” My father shifted his claws and covered his hand in fur, but it stopped midway up his arm. “If you are thinking about that shift…” He pointed to the picture. “You won’t be able to do that one.”
“Why not?” I was more interested in shifting into Nix and Megan so each would have their freedom.
I don’t need to shift Amy. Megan’s voice was soft, but I heard the scoff that came from Nix.
Every one needs their freedom, Megan. Including you. Nix shook herself and nudged her into the clearing with the
pot.
“Because…that isn’t a werewolf. That is a Lycan.” My father’s answer shook me back to the here and now.
###Next D 37
Chapter Thirty–Seven
+25 BONUS
“Ugh.” A groan from behind the chair had me slapping my hand over my mouth. “Are you trying to kill me, pup?”
“I’m sorry.” I looked at my dad, but he was currently bent over, dying of laughter. “Dad?”
“Did you see how far he fell back?” Tears were trailing down his cheeks as he cackled.
“Rude.” Ronnie stood and dusted off his shirt. “The both of you are rude.”
“I really didn’t mean it to do it.” I turned to my dad. “What did I do wrong?”
“Well, for one thing, you definitely weren’t thinking about the size of the wisp. All your power rushed to fulfil your wish, and it was as big as it could get.” My dad wiped his eyes and his laughter finally trailed off. “But Ronnie, you know it doesn’t cause harm.”
“I know, but I have never seen one that big, and it scared the shit out of me. Sue me.” Ronnie settled back into the chair. 
“Try to picture it the size of a softball.” My dad motioned me to try again.
I closed my eyes. “Iccas lumin torcanta.” I pictured the light a lot smaller than before and when I peaked out of my one eye, the light floated silently above my upturned hand.
“Perfect.” My father clapped as Ronnie got up and came closer to me, while my eyes were glued to the light. I was doing this. This was my power. It shone silver and bright. “Now I want you to toss it up in the hair, play with it. Focus on the light and what you can do with it.”
So I followed his instructions. I tossed it up in the air. Almost as if I was playing with a ball and the light followed my command. Ronnie had his nose buried in my neck, and if it was any other man, I might have felt uncomfortable, but this was my uncle.
“Are you having Nix watch the power going to your scent?” Ronnie pulled back and asked.
It was Megan and Nix together, but I nodded. “Yeah. That way, I could focus on this.” I tossed the ball in the air again. Then I focused on making it smaller, then brighter, and each time the light responded to my intentions. “Well, it’s working perfectly. You might have an issue with having Nix watch it constantly, but even earlier, when the light was enormous, there wasn’t a hint of your original scent.” Ronnie nudged his forehead against mine. Proud of you, pup.”
“Thanks Uncle Ronnie.” I turned back to my father, and he was excited.
“This is promising. Now we can spend the rest of the time practicing other spells. When we aren’t working though
My father trailed off and looked a little pained.
“What’s wrong?”
“I know the book is yours, as it was intended for you…but.” My dad looked sad..
“You can take it every night until I leave and copy it into yours.” I offered a solution. I knew I would have to take the book with me, but this way, we both could have a version of the book.
My father looked a little dumbstruck. “That would be amazing.”
you?”
“You didn’t think of that, did you?” Ronnie poked out a finger. “Why Is your daughter smarter
er than yo “She gets her brain from her mother.” My dad grabbed the original book, and his. “You sure?” “Of course.” But I grabbed his arm. “But you have to make me a promise. One you won’t break.”
Chapter Thirty Seven
+25 BONUS
“Of course, Amy.” My dad had this quizzical look on his face.
“I want you to only have the book in your room. And you can only work on it when you are alone. If anyone shows up or knocks, you put it away in your safe before you open the door.”
“Okay. But why?”
“Aurora.” My dad looked a little dazed when I said her name, but then shook it off. Then Loki took over his eyes. Don’t worry pup, I will promise you. The witch has no power over me.”
“Then will you do the work for him, so there are no chances.”
“Anything for you, pup.” Loki leaned over and kissed my cheek. “You smell like my pup, but not. I don’t like it.” I smiled up at him.
“I don’t like it either, but I have to do it.” He nodded and then I watched as he receded and my father was back.” Loki said he will work on your books for you, so that whatever is messing with you won’t allow you to break your promise.”
My father looked a little hurt, but then he nodded. “It’s smart. He doesn’t seem to have any issues ignoring Aurora’s advances.”
“Exactly.” I kissed my father’s cheek. “Try to be fast. I still need to figure out what the heck is wrong with you.”
“We’ll work as fast as we can.” I nodded and turned to leave “Wait. One more thing.
###Next D 38
Chapter Thirty–Eight
“What is it?” I turned back to face my dad, and he was grimacing.
“This isn’t going to be comfortable. But it only has to happen tonight.” He hedged his words, and I just gestured for him to go on. “Ronnie has to sleep in your room tonight.”
“What?”
“What?” both of us screamed.
“The last test is you keeping your scent changed while you are sleeping. Ronnie needs to be close enough to keep track.” My dad pointed to Ronnie, who groaned.
“I have to be up all night, don’t 1.” My dad nodded and he groaned again.
“But you will have tomorrow off to recoup and sleep and I’ll have the Beck with me.” My dad clapped his shoulder, and he dropped his head. 1
“I’m going to go nap then.” Ronnie waved and left the room after my father nodded.
“You can go. Keep your scent covered all day.”
“Okay. What’s next if I’m able to hold it during sleep?”
My father grinned. “Shifting.”
I widened my eyes. “What? Really?”
“You are ready. Nix and Loki have talked about it and she is ready. She is just waiting to ensure you are safe. So once we know you can cover yourself, then we can work on shifting
I jumped into his arms, and he laughed. “Oh my goddess.” I could feel tears choke me and my dad pulled back and cupped my cheek.
“What’s wrong?”
“I’m just so happy.” I smiled up at him and rubbed my cheek against his. “Thank you, daddy.”
but
“Anything for you, my pup.” My dad kissed my head and then turned me around. “Now go, you need to eat, hold off on the wolfs bane still. Once we have you shifting, you can get back on it.” I nodded and ran out of the
room.
“Did you hear that, Nix?”
Of course. Her voice was a soft brush against my mind. I’ve been ready since you balanced your power. But this is important.
“I know. We need to protect ourselves from Brandon.” I shivered as the thought of him standing over me while the doctor cut into me flashed through my mind. “He might not have done it this time yet, but I will never forgive him for killing our pup.”
The man doesn’t deserve forgiveness. His soul is as black as my fur. His wolf even agreed with him and his mistreatment of us.
Megan walked a little closer. Were you serious about me shifting too? 
“Of course. Nix isn’t my only wolf.” I whispered as I entered my room. “You will come out as well. Why?”
I’ve been thinking. Megan’s voice was a little louder, stronger. Nix will be your main shift. The one everyone will
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Thirty–Eight
see. And before you say anything, she has to be. She is the alpha and needs to be out more than me. But I can be useful.
“You don’t have to be useful for me to want you to shift. But what are you talking about?”
When you need to spy…or run away…or not be caught, you can shift into me and do what you need to do. I’m not an alpha, so no one will ever suspect it is you. I look different from Nix, and my scent is different. Even if I am seen or caught, you can wait until the coast is clear and get away and shift in to her and I would disappear as if I was never been there. 
Her words struck a cord deep inside of me. “That is genius.” I changed into workout clothes before I headed down to have lunch. “No one will ever know.”
“Know what?” I shrieked and wheeled to face Cass, my hand clutching my chest.
“What the actual heck, Cass. You scared the crap out of me. She raised her hands and laughed a little.
“How was I supposed to know you didn’t hear me? You always hear me.”
“I was talking to Nix.” I wrapped my arm in hers and pulled her to grab food.
“Must have been important.” She grabbed a plate and filled hers next to me, and I did the same.
“It is. I just had an epiphany.” I grabbed a few steaks and Cass just laughed at me.
“Hungry?”
“Starved.” We grabbed a seat. “You excited about training today?”
“I am.” She bounced as she dug into her food. “I think I’m going to shift soon.”
“That’s exciting. Your birthday is in a few days. So it’s possible.” Cass groaned as I pointed my fork at her. What?”
“Don’t remind me.”
“What’s wrong?”
“My birthday. I can find my mate and that is all my mother has been on about. But I just want to focus on training. This has become important to me.”
“You can do both.” I pointed out, but she shook her head.
“Not according to my mom. I’ll mate and have to have bables right away.” Cass looked away. “But I want to become a warrior, though.”
###Next D 39
Chapter Thirty–Nine
“You can do both.” I shook my head. “I know my dad doesn’t have many female warriors, but that is going to change. You won’t be the only one that wants to be a warrior now. But warriors can still live a full life, including kids.”
“I know. But I don’t want to choose.” Cass looked down at her plate.
“A mate, a good mate, won’t make you choose.” I patted her hand and finished my steak. “The Goddess doesn’t make mistakes. Mates are supposed to be your other half. I think your mate will understand your want to be a warrior and will support you.”
“You think so?” She looked at me with hopeful eyes.
“I do.” I got up and grabbed more steak. I was starving
It’s your body getting ready to shift. You will eat like this from now on. Alpha’s burn a lot of calories because they need to shift more. Nix’s voice filtered through and I nodded.
“You’re eating a lot.” Cass looked at me as I settled.
“Nix said I’m getting ready to shift, Alpha’s burn a lot of calories because we have bigger wolves and need to shift more often.” I ate through my second plate and then turned to Cass, who finished her first. “You ready?”
“Yeah.” We stood and turned to leave, but Cass bumped into Greyson, the second gamma.
“Greyson, I’m sorry.” Cass‘ face flushed red, and he chuckled.
“No harm, little wolf. It’s always a pleasure to see you.” I watched as he trailed his hands down her arms and stepped back. Cass shivered from his touch but just gave a quick jerk of her head before she nearly sprinted out of the dining hall.
“What was that?” I asked as I caught up with her. “Little wolf?”
“Nothing!” she nearly yelled. “It’s nothing. He just calls me that sometimes to make fun of me.”
Right…
…but why did you run away, then?” I questioned her further, and she just shook her head and I knew exactly what this meant. “Oh my god Cass, you like him.”
“Shut your mouth right this second.”
“Why? It’s okay, you like him. What’s wrong with that?” I grabbed her arm and tugged her along.
“He’s the second gamma.” She tossed out.
“Okay, and?” I looked down at her face, and I saw how sad she was.
“You don’t understand. Nothing can ever happen between us.”
“Why n
not?” I pulled her to a stop and forced her to face me,
“Because I’m not ranked.”
I waved my free hand around her face. “I’m going to need more of an explanation here, Cass.”
“Ranked wolves never mate to unranked wolves.” She stomped her foot, and I sighed.
“That’s not entirely true, Cass. It happens all the time, but the ranked wolves reject the unranked wolf and it’s usually the ranked women that reject their unranked men.”
+25 BONUS
ter Thirty–Nine
Chapter
“Really?”
“Yeah. Plus. You don’t know if he’s your mate or if he would reject you. You are putting the cart before the horse here. Why not just see where the friendship goes instead of ignoring him? Goddess forbid he is your mate and instead of showing him how amazing you are, you just continuously run away from him.” I poked her forehead.
“Amy. It’s just not in the cards for me.”
“You don’t know that. I want you to try. Even if i
just a friendship. Greyson is a good wolf to know. He is the head of my dad’s warriors and if you want to be one, he will help.”
Cass ran her fingers through her hair and gripped it. “Okay, I will.”
“Good.” I pulled her to walk again and flipped around to watch her face as I walked backwards. “You know. He is super cute.”
“Shut up.” Cass hit my shoulder and I laughed.
“What? I’m just saying. He is quite adorable.”
“Yeah, he is.”
I grinned as I spotted someone heading our way. “Greyson would make a good mate to any she wolf.”
“He really would. Goddess, Amy. Am I stupid to have this crush on him? I mean, be brutally honest. Do you think the goddess would make me his mate? Or if she did, would he keep me? I’m no one.
“Cass-”
“No, before you answer, I want you to think about it. He is a ranked wolf and I’m not. And I know you said that it’s usually a ranked she–wolf that rejects unranked mates, but there is still a shot for him to reject me, right?”
My eyes flicked over her shoulder. “There is a chance. But I think the first thing you need to do is talk to the man. Who is to say he would reject you if you turned out to be his mate?”
“I’m terrified. He deserves better than me.”
“Who says?” A deep voice sounded behind us and Cass froze.
###Next D 40
Chapter Forty
I watched Cass pale, and I wanted to hug her. So I did. “Give him a shot. He might surprise you.” I whispered in her ear and then I gave him a small wave. Cass’s arm gripped my hand.
“Come on, little wolf, I think we have something to talk about.” Greyson stepped up next to Cass and wrapped an arm around her waist.
I pulled my hand from her hand as her eyes pleaded with me. But I just gave her a wave and took off. I turned back in time to see Cass finally turn to face Greyson. She opened her mouth to say something, but he darted in and kissed her. I jumped a little before running the rest of the way to training.
“You okay?” Tina called over to me as soon as I reached the training ring-
“Yeah. Perfect. Why?”
Tina raised an eyebrow. “You dad said you weren’t feeling well the past few days, which is why you missed training.”
“Oh right. I’m good now.” I smiled at her and dropped down to stretch next to her. “How has training been?” “Good.” Tina bounced on her toes. “Mostly, anyway. Aurora and Amanda have been giving us some push back, but Cass has really come into herself. A few others too. It’s been amazing to watch.”
“That’s what I wanted to hear.” I finished up my stretching and stood next to her. Lynn made her way over to us. “Welcome back.”
“Thanks. Now, from this point forward, I want us to separate the girls into new groups.”
“Another one?”
Lynn looked up at me and furrowed her brow. “We already have the shifted and non shifted.” “Yeah, but this is more the opinion of the girls.” I leaned against the fence surrounding the training circle. “What is it?” Tina leaned next to me.
“Today I want all of us to gauge who might want to become warriors, and who are here for just regular training. This way we can set up a second training for those who want to train harder.”
“Female warriors? Here? You dad has turned me down every time I asked him.” Tina dropped her head back. “It’s been frustrating, and I don’t want to get their hopes up again.”
“Again?”
“Last year, a group of females came to Tina and me to put in a word to the alpha to let them train to become warriors. We promised we would fight for them, but your father shot us down multiple times. And well…” “We h
had to break it to them that their alpha didn’t appreciate their dedication.” Tina nearly growled out. “One second.” My mind linked to my dad. Did you really turn down women from training to be warriors?
Amy? Why are you asking?
Answer my question, dad.
Well, yes. But why are you asking?
Because I am starting a female warrior training program to be run after I leave. It’s 2024 dad. Won And they can be better than some males. Get with the times I nearly growled at him, and his chuckle ran through my mind.
can fight.
Chapter Forty
+25 BONUS
Yes pup.
Do you promise to allow the women to join the warriors?
Yes pup. I know T
Tina and Lynn brought it up, but I didn’t think there were a lot of girls that wanted to join. What does it matter?
I don’t know. He sounded a little bewildered. But I promise you they will be tested just like the men and if they make it, then they are in.
Good. Love your dad.
Love you too, pup.
I closed my back off and looked to the women. “He just agreed. He seemed a little confused that they were more than a few wanting to join.”
“Why does it matter how many want to join?” Tina tossed her arms up.
“Men are stupid.” Lynn grumbled.
I just nodded and waited for the rest of the girls to show up. Once I saw a beat red Cass run into the training ring, I walked up to the group. “Ladies. Today we are going to continue with our training, but there is one extra thing. When one of us comes over to check on you, if you want a chance to join the ranks of warriors in this pack, let us know. I’m going to have a second training session in the morning put together for those interested in getting ready to test to become one of the warriors. Once you make it, if you want to train harder, it will be up to Ronnie and Beck to train you to get into the elites.”
“You think we can become elites?” Tara called out.
“Why not? One of the best elites employed by the council is a female wolf. Her name is Clair. You can do anything you put your mind to.” I looked over and made eye contact with Cass. “Anything”
###Next D 41
Chapter Forty–One
After training, I headed back to the pack house and up to my father’s office. I heard voices from the other side, so I leaned against the wall next to the door and settled in to wait for whoever was to be done. My ears perked up when I heard my name.
“Are you really letting Amy run our pack?” A nasally voice called out sweetly.
“Our pack?” My father’s voice was soft and confused.
“Yes, my love. Our pack. You promised to make me luna at the next full moon, remember?”
“I did?” I leaned against the door and pressed my ear against it. “Aurora, what are you doing?” My father’s angry question caught me off guard. Something was going on inside. Something that my father didn’t like but wasn’t stopping.
“Bonding with you.” I heard a ruffling, but I reared back and kicked the door open to see Aurora leaning over my father with his head tilted back. She was pouring something into his mouth, and I tackled her to the ground.
My mind linked to Ronnie and Beck. Get to my father’s office now!
I barely heard their response as I punched Aurora in her face. “Who the fuck do you think you are?” I screamed as I was wrenched off her chest. My father was breathing heavily and his eyes were half lidded, and there was a faint pink tinge to his usual blue eyes.
“You dare to attack my luna?” He screamed in my face as he panted.
Aurora, face swollen and bleeding, slowly got to her feet and smirked at me. I watched as her face slowly healed the damage I caused her, but my father was snarling in my face like he didn’t recognize me. “I told you he would
be mine.”
My father slammed me against the wall again and wrapped his hands around my throat as I fought back. I kicked him in the stomach, but I wasn’t trying to hurt him while he was trying to kill me. “Dad.”
“Shut your filthy mouth. I’m not your father. I will only be with my mate, and that’s Aurora.” I tried to rear back, but his hands tightened on my throat. I caught a shine on the back of his hand out of the corner of my eye, but when I focused on the spot, there was nothing.
“What the fuck is going on?” Beck and Ronnie ran into the office.
“Tell them.” Aurora called out.
‘Aurora is my mate and will be luna.” My father snarled as he choked me. Both men reared back at his words. I punched my father in his face and heard his nose snap. His grip loosened on me enough that I could speak. ” Aurora. Grab Aurora. Now.” my alpha commanded the two, and they grabbed her. “Get her out of here.” “Don’t touch me. Baby!” she screamed as Beck wrapped his hand in her hair and pulled her toward the door. “Don’t fucking touch her.” My father screamed his alpha command, freezing Beck mid step. He released her and turned to look at me as my father gripped my throat harder, cutting off my airway again. “You dare to command my wolves to attack their luna? I’ll kill you!” He screamed in my face and for the first time I was terrified of my
dad
“Alpha Stop, that’s Amy, your daughter.” Ronnie tried to come to my ald. He wrapped his hands around my dad’s hands and pulled.
“Stand down.” The alpha command had Ronnie freezing. His panic was evident on his face.
25 BONUS
Chapter Forty–One.
“Please don’t make me watch you kill your own daughter. She’s like my pup.”
“She isn’t mine!” He whirled to face Ronnie, dropping me to the ground. “Aurora told me the truth. She is a fake. Aurora is my true mate, not Ainsley.”
I coughed on the ground and shook myself. I cleared my throat and pulled Nix to the surface. “Everyone freeze.” Everyone in the room stopped. Including my father. I heaved myself up from the floor. “Beck. Take Aurora down to the cells. Now. Ronnie, make sure she has someone of higher rank watching her cells, but don’t allow her to touch anyone.”
“Yes, Amy.” Beck grabbed her and pulled her out of the room again.
“Don’t.” My father called after to him. But I wrapped my arm around his neck and pulled him back to stop him.
“Go!” Beck pulled a screaming Aurora from the room and I turned to face Ronnie. “Close the door.” I wrestled my father to the ground and he fought me. He punched me in the face as I did my best to subdue him. “Loki!” I screamed for my father’s wolf and I watched as he fought for control.
###Next D 42
Chapter Forty–Two
“Pup?” Loki’s voice was icy as he stared up at me. “What happened to your face? Who did that to you?”
“You did.” I felt my face swell as blood trickled from my eye and nose.
“What?” His voice flashed, and he shook his head. “What’s happening?”
“I would also like to know what the hell is happening. Why was your dad attacking you for Aurora?” Ronnie dropped into a chair and I let my father up.
“I came to see my dad about something I can’t even remember what now, but I heard him talking to someone.” I rubbed my healing face and wiped the blood off. “Then I heard him asking what she was doing, and she said bonding, and something inside me screamed. So I kicked in the door and she was pouring something into his mouth. Then I tackled her and attacked.”
“And then?” Ronnie pointed to my dad, and I nodded.
“He attacked you?” Loki asked.
“Yes.” I nodded again.
“What the hell is going on?”
“Loki, I need the book of shadows.”
“Okay. Give me a moment.” Loki got up and left the room. looked over at Ronnie and he grimaced.
“You are healing, but it still looked painful. That bruise around your neck is going to take the longest to heal, I think.”
“Probably,” I rubbed my neck and tried to clear my throat. Loki walked in and handed me the book. But he had a look on his face. “What’s wrong?
“When I took over to work with the book last night, I felt the need to change the code to the safe. I blocked your father from seeing the code, so he had no access, just in case.”
I nodded. “Smart.”
“Well, the safe was clawed at, like someone was trying to get in. I can’t remember if it was your father, and he blocked me. Or someone tried to get in while we were in here.” He shook his head. “I don’t think it is safe for us to have it until this problem is solved.”
I nodded and took the book. “I’ll keep it.”
“Good.” Loki dropped down on to the chair and leaned back “I don’t trust myself around the pack. I need to use
the room.
“The room?” I turned to look at Ronnie, who had paled.
“When your dad feels your mother…with your stepdad, he goes into the room.” Ronnie slowly turned to me.
“It’s a sound proof cell out in the woods.” Loki stared down at me. “Only Ronnie knows where it is and he makes sure I’m okay.”
“Why?” I asked.
“Because I attacked you. I can feel him fighting for control as we speak and I refuse to allow what ever Aurora has down to us put you in danger.” Loki growled out. “Don’t let either of us out until Amy has a solution.”
25 BONUS
Chapter Forty–Two
“You can’t mean that, Loki.”
Π
“I can. And I know your father would feel the same if he was in his right mind.” He cut his eyes to Ronnie. “Walk with me.”
“Okay.”
“Uncle Ronnie, you can’t allow him to do this.” I begged.
“He’s right Amy. He would never forgive himself if he hurt you and I walked in on him trying to kill you. For the safety of you and the rest of our pack, he needs to be subdued until you figure this out. I won’t chance this pack or you.” Ronnie stood up and Loki followed him out.
What the hell is going on? I grabbed the book, ran back to my room, and locked the door behind me. I needed to figure out what she did to him because whoever that was; it wasn’t my father. I shook as I remembered his hands around my throat
That wasn’t him. Nix’s voice calmed me, but I was still shaking when I opened the book of shadows.
I read every single page twice. I wasn’t seeing anything that would cause him to act this way. “There is no way that was truly him. Something’s wrong.” Ishook myself and thought back to everything I had seen since I got here.
I flipped back through the book until I landed on a page. It was a love spell, but this one didn’t fit. The charmer had to be wearing something that belonged to the true mate of the spelled. And the spelled had to be wearing something that held the charmer’s sigil.
But he wasn’t wearing anything of hers.
I needed advice. And I think I knew exactly where to find it. grabbed a bag and stuffed the book inside of it and headed down the stairs and out the door. I ran all the way there and dropped to the ground, opening myself up, and calling out. “I have need of you.”
“What can I help with?” I opened my eyes to see my great grandmother settled in front of me in the clearing. “Something is wrong w
###Next D 43
Chapter Forty–Four
I sat in my father’s chair as Ronnie picked up the phone. “Amy, are you sure? You don’t have to do this.”
“I am and I do. This can’t be allowed to go on. I’ll take the responsibility.”
“Amy!”
“Uncle Ronnie.” I cut my eyes to him and leaned back in the chair. “She has poisoned the Alpha of this pack. She has tried to brainwash him into making her kuna and betraying his true mate. She has gone against the Moon Goddess and everything we believe in by using magic to take over a pack as an unranked wolf. She has colluded with others to bully, demean, and abuse lower wolves.” I rubbed the pinch that formed between my eyebrows. “If it was just one, or maybe two, of the things I listed, then it would be easier to let her go. But it isn’t, and this is my father. She almost had him killing his pup. Even if that wasn’t me, which it is, it would be punishable by death. This is going to happen, whether or not you are behind me. I am saving this pack and if the council doesn’t agree, I will still do it.”
“Pup
you can’t mean that.” Ronnie looked a little lost with the receiver in his hand just hanging there.
“I mean every word.” I felt it all crystallize in my mind. “I will do whatever it takes to save my father and this pack. Even if it means going against the council’s ruling.”
“But”
“No buts.” I took the receiver from his hand and replaced it “You would do the same, Ronnie.”
“I know, but I’m older.” He tried to persuade me, but my mind was made up.
“That means nothing. And you know it.” I picked up the receiver and nodded toward the phone. “Dial the council. I’ll explain what’s been happening”
“You will need to speak to the council first.” He made an audible swallow. “They will bring your request to the king, who will make the ruling.”
“I don’t care. Dial.” I looked at him. “Don’t make me Alpha command you. You are my uncle and I love you but I will sa
my father. No matter what.”
Ronnie deflated but nodded. I cradled the receiver between my shoulder and ear as he dialled a number. The phone rang twice before there was a deep hello on the other end. Hi. I’m Amy Maclean. I am calling on behalf of my father, Gavin Maclean.”
“Why are you calling this number?” The dark voice rumbled down the line.
“I need to explain what has happened at my father’s pack and make a request from the council.”
“The council?”
###Next D 44
“Yes.” I wanted to cry, but I held it in. “I need permission to…
“To what? And how old are you?”
“I’m eighteen.” 
“Fuck.” His voice stopped short. “What do you need permission for?”
“There is a wolf here. Who was caught giving the Alpha some sort of potion, I guess I would call it, and poisoning him against his own park? I need to interrogate her.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” The voice on the other end barked,
+25 BONUS
Chapter Forty Four
“My father has been acting strange since I came here. Talking about making an unranked wolf like he was interested in her, sexually.”
“But your mother is still alive…”
“Exactly. Very much so, and my father loves his mate.”
“I know how much he cares for Ainsley.”
“You know my father?”
There was a pause. “The council knows every Alpha.” I nodded, as it made sense.
“Anyway, today I heard the wolf saying that they were bonding. And I kicked in to his office to find him completely out of it and Aurora, the wolf, pouring something into his mouth.” I rubbed my forehead. “As I was attacking her, my father nearly killed me for this she wolf, something he would never do normally. His wolf had to take control to stop him, and now I have to figure out what she gave him.”
“Was she using magic?”
I froze. How did this man know about magic? “I, I, I, I, I don’t know honestly.” I cut my eyes to Ronnie, who wouldn’t meet my eyes. Something was going on here. “That’s why I need permission to find out.”
“So you, eighteen–year–old Amy Maclean, want permission from the king and council to may torture Aurora, a she–wolf in your father’s pack. And you want this permission to figure out if this random she–wolf has used magic on your father, who has magic of his own, to control him and take over his pack. And this magic may have caused him to lose control enough to kill his own pup. Is that the gist of it?”
“Yes, pretty much.” My voice felt more exhausted than it should have. “I know it’s a long shot-”
“Permission granted.” His voice cut me off.
“But I need to save my dad. Wait what? Don’t you need to present it to the king?”
“I am the king.”
###Next D 45
Chapter Forty–Five
“What?” My brain froze for a moment. What the fuck did he mean he was the king?
His chuckle was deep, and my body responded, clenching my lower body. “I am the king pup. Go save your father. Once it’s done, tell him I will head there soon.” His voice took a dark turn, and I felt there was an edge to it.
“Okay… I will.”
“Oh, and Amy?”
“Yes?”
“Tell Ronnie he should have called the regular number instead of my cell phone. There are channels that you usually have to go through for this normally. But I’ll let this one time slide because it’s an emergency.”
“Will do, your majesty.”
His laugh was loud and instant. “You don’t have to call me that little wolf. But have Ronnie give you my cell number. I like all my alphas having my number in case things like this happen.”
“I’m not one of the alpha’s…”
“You might not run a pack, but you are an alpha.” His voice still held a bit of amusement.
“Okay.” I felt uncertain. “I’m sorry, I don’t know what to call you.”
“Rowan. You can call me Rowan.”
“King Rowan, thank you.”
“I don’t make anyone call me king. Just Rowan.‘
“Okay Rowan, thank you.”
“Go save your dad. I have a bone to pick with him when I get there.”
“Rowan.” I started and then froze.
“What is it?”
“I know you don’t like my father.”
“Who said that?” His voice cut me off again. This time, it was deeper.
“He did.” I said slowly.
“Well, I could never say your father was stupid.” There was a sigh from his side. “Just because I may or may not have personal feelings towards a wolf under my command doesn’t mean I would let it influence how I govern them. Your father doesn’t deserve to be manipulated, and las pack doesn’t deserve to be taken over by a she–wolf who is unworthy.”
“Thank you, Rowan.”
“Now, do what you have to do. I will speak on your behalf with the council and I will personally come check in on your guys when I can.”
“I will inform everyone before I leave.”
“Leave?”
+25
6, BONUS
Chapter Forty–Five-
“Yes. I live with my mother in Oakenfang’s pack grounds. I was only visiting my father’s pack for the summer.”
“Ah yes, I remember now. Well, I guess then if the Goddess allows, I will meet you when I can. Goodbye Amy. “Bye Rowan.” I replaced the receiver on the phone and glared up at Ronnie. “You called the king’s personal line!”
I screeched as I stood..
Ronnie had the sense to look away. “I figured it was important enough to call straight to him.”
“Then why-“I stopped mid sentence. “Do you want to know what? I don’t care. I need to interrogate Aurora.”
“What do you plan on doing?”
“What ever it takes.” I stood.
“Then come with me.” Ronnie looked a little pale, but he headed out of the office and down a few flights of stairs until we ended in the basement. He brought me to a door and then stopped with his hand on the handle. “Are you sure about this? I could get Beck to do this instead.”
“I have to do this.” He wilted in front of me and then opened the door. I hissed at what I saw there. The room was filled with silver knives and different devices that I had never seen before. “Grab what you need.”
I slide into the room and selected a few things. Then I carried them out and waited for Ronnie to close the door behind us. “You have become more terrifying just with your tools you selected.”
“I want to scare her, but I also need to have things I might need to make her talk. I was serious when I said I would do whatever I need to make her talk.”
“Amy. I really wish you would let Beck or me do this for you.” He grabbed my arm and I dropped a pair of pliers,
I bent down and grabbed them and stood. “I know, But I won’t make you do something I myself won’t do. And this isn’t for you to do, when there is an alpha to do it.”
“This isn’t your pack.”
“But it is still my fathers, and it falls to me to handle.”
“But-”
“No more buts. Bring me to the interrogation room so I can set everything up before you and Beck grab her.” I raise my eyebrow. “Before you try to say you don’t have one, every pack has one.”
15 
Ronnie snapped his mouth shut and motioned me to follow. He opened a door, and punched in a code, and stairs opened up and we headed farther down.
###Next D 46
Chapter Forty–Seven
+25 BONUS
She shifted, fur sprouting on her arm with claws slashing through the binding on her hand. But I grabbed her hand and slammed in back down to the arm of the chair and tsked again. “And where do you think you are going?”
“Let me go!” She screamed in my face, trying to shift completely.
“Well, that isn’t going to work for me.” I stood and slammed her struggling arm back on to the arm and unraveled the rope in my hands. “I was trying to give you an out, Aurora. I really, truly hoped you would have been smart enough to take it. But I guess you want to see how long you will keep up the act.” I wrapped her in the silvered rope, her skin hissing and bubbling from the contact as I wound it around her arm and the chair.
She started to scream, and I hushed her. “Stop. Goddess, stop. You can’t do this to me.”
“Oh, but you are wrong there. You poisoned the alpha of this pack, and that made you a traitor. Once my father has a clear mind, you will be banished, and if he never recovers, then this pack will fall to Ronnie.
“Actually, Amy, you will inherit the pack. It’s been approved by the king.” Ronnie tossed out, and Aurora’s eyes widened again at it.
“Well then, no matter what, you will be banished. A rogue has no rights. But even is that wasn’t true. The king has given me permission to do this, or did you already forget? know silver burns something fierce.” I smile as I finished tying her up.
###Next D 47
The smell of her skin burning was unpleasant, but I stood and moved back to the table. Her screams tapered off and she was left panting. Sweat dripped down her temple and off her nose as she slumped over in the chair.
“Let me go.” She looked up with pleading eyes, but I just shook my head.
“I wish I could, Aurora, I do. But you crossed the line today. And now, now you have to pay the price. What did you do to my father?” I grabbed pliers off the table and moved back to her.
“What are you going to do?” She eyed the set in my hand and she fought to get away.
“I think you know what I’m going to do, if you don’t tell me.” I placed them on the ground, then turned back to the table. I grabbed a pair of scissors and walked back to her “I’m going to hurt you until you tell me what you did.” I grabbed her shirt and started to cut it away.
“Why are you cutting my shirt?” She screamed and tried to pull back.
I rolled my eyes and crouched down again. “You can’t be this stupid Aurora. I need more skin. Silver does nothing until it is touching the skin. Now some items I have here aren’t silver, so that I can hurt you, wait for you to heal and then do it again and again until I get bored, I guess, but I want access to your full potential here.” “Full potential. Are you fucking insane?” She screamed, and I heard both Beck and Ronnie’s intake of breath.
I grabbed her face and made her meet my eyes. “I’m not insane Aurora. I am possibly the most sane person here. But I am also a person who would do anything. And I mean anything, to save her father.” She swallowed audibly and fought to free her face. But I just tightened my grip un I heard her jaw groan. “I won’t allow you, or whoever you are working with or for, to hurt, use, or goddess forbid, kill my father for this pack. You will be long dead before that ever happens.” I shove her face away and continue cutting her shirt off. I ripped it from her body and then crouched in front of her again. Watching her pant with her hair hanging around her face in just a tank top. Ronnie? Do you have an elastic band?”
Um yeah.” He pulled it from his wrist. “I keep one just in case.” I raise my eyebrow and he blushed. “My mate sometimes needs one, and she’s forgetful.” I smile and nod to him about Tina.
“Tina is amazing, but she always borrows mine, which is why I have to ask.” I grabbed the elastic and ronable.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Forty–Seven
pulled back Aurora’s hair while she fought. “You know I could just cut it off, if you would prefer no hair?” She froze under my hands and I finished. I trailed my hand along her arm until I wrapped my hand around her index finger and I grabbed the pliers from the floor. “Now where were we?” I crouched and closed the pliers on her nail. I looked up at Ronnie and saw he was pale, but a pink glow stopped me in my tracks.
Something around Aurora’s neck was glowing a soft pink.
+25 BONUS
###Next D 48
Chapter Forty–Eight”
Chapter Forty–Eight
I jerked to face her and the glow was gone, but as soon as I turned my head and faced Ronnie, I could see a faint glow around a chain on her neck.
I pulled the pliers, and she screamed and passed out. Ronnie rushed over, but I slapped a hand over my mouth.” What’s wrong?” Ronnie started to hover, and I doubled over and started howling in laughter. “What?”
“Is she really insane?” Beck whispered to Ronnie, which just made me laugh harder, Tears were streaming down my face when I looked up at Ronnie, who was still hovering over me and Aurora.
“Amy, talk to me.” Ronnie knelt and grabbed my face, but was still trying to catch my breath.
“She.” I started, but I coughed as more laughter bubbled up. “She fainted.”
“We see that. Most she–wolves can’t stand torture Amy.” Ronnie grimaced.
“She probably passed out because of the pain of you ripping out her nail.” Beck tossed out.
“But I didn’t.” Lraised the empty pliers and her untouched hand. “She just fainted. From fear.”
Both men froze and looked from the pliers to her hand and then to the passed out Aurora. They both started chuckling as I replaced the pliers on the table and then came back to the unconscious woman. I pushed her head back so that I could look at her neck. I pulled her necklaces from her tank top. I picked through them until one caught my eye.
It was a white gold necklace that looked familiar. The chart was a wolf, howling in front of a jewel moon. This one was emerald. I pulled out my necklace and compared them side by side. One was emerald, and one was sapphire. 
My birthday was in September. My mom made this necklace for me for my sixteenth birthday and I haven’t taken it off since. She kept the tradition going from when her parents gave her hers, on her sixteenth birthday, in May. “What are you doing?” Beck’s voice jolted me back.
“This is my mothers.” I whispered softly as I unclipped the necklaces around Aurora’s neck and dropped the rest into her lap.
“How can you be so sure?” Ronnie came over and froze. “That is your mothers.”
“How do you know?” Beck came over and looked at the necklace in my hand. “Just because they both match doesn’t mean it’s your mothers.”
“That necklace never left Ainsley’s neck.” Ronnie grabbed it from my hand and flipped it over “Until the day your father took it from her.”
“My dad took it?” I looked from the necklace to his face.
“Right before their anniversary. He wanted to engrave it, but then he came back and you know what happened. He kept it and added to the engraving.” Ronnie flipped it over and handed the necklace back to me.
“I love yo
you to the moon and back in this life and the rest. Forgive me.” I looked up and I knew my face was confused.
“That’s what they used to say to each other. ‘I love you to the moon and back‘. They thought it was funny because They are wolves.” Ronnie shook his head. “They thought they were hilarious. Stupid. But when your dad lived his second life and came back, he knew he would love your mother kin all of his lives. So he added the last part. And he thought once he explained everything, he would beg her for her forgiveness. But…” Ronnie looked back down at the necklace.
Chapter Forty–Eight”
“But he never went back.” I finished, and Ronnie nodded. “How did Aurora get this necklace?”
“I honestly don’t know. Your dad left it in her office. He would stare at it for hours as he sat that the desk, breathing in her scent. He always ended up in there after one of the nights your mother…”
“Right.” I felt my eyes fill. “This is a mess.” Ronnie and Beck nodded. “This is going to break him.”
“What do you mean?” Ronnie handed me back the necklace, and I clenched my fist around it.
“If this is the “I darted my eyes to Beck.
“He knows your dad has power, too. We all grew up together.” Beck nodded.
“If this is the spell, I think it is. I have to destroy this necklace to release him from it.”
“Oh, shit.” Ronnie and Beck mumbled at the same time. I let out a small laugh and then turned back to Aurora. I wrapped my hand around her finger and bent it up and applied a slow pressure until she woke, screaming.
“My nail. You stupid bitch, my nail.” I smiled as I dropped the necklace from my hand to swing in front of her face and I watched as she paled. “Give that back. That’s mine.”
“I think we both know that’s a lie, Aurora.”
###Next D 49
Chapter Forty–Nine
“Give it back.” She screamed and leaned in trying to bite me since her hands were tied. But I just pulled my hand back 
“Why would I do that?” I flipped it around in my hand. “It’s beautiful, honestly. Where did you get it?”
“I got it from my mom.
“Really? Why was she sorry?”
“What?” Aurora looked confused and shook her head. “She wasn’t. She got it for my birthday this year. Give it back.”
“When is your birthday?”
“What?” Aurora shook her head. “What the hell does that have to do with anything?”
“Her birthday is December.” Beck answered me and I tilted my head. “I’m a gamma. My primary job is to protect the luna. Since we don’t have a luna, I keep track of the wolves trying to become the luna. That includes their birthdays.”
“Why?” Ronnie looked back at Beck and he shrugged.
“I want to be a few steps ahead with the next luna.”
Ronnie faced him fully. “Beck, you know he won’t be with any obe else.” The man just shrugged.
“Just in case.”
Ronnie shook his head and turned back to me. “Why did you ask when her birthday is?”
I turned back to the necklace and Aurora. “Because I wanted to know what her birth stone was. You see Aurora, Decembers‘ birth stone is turquoise. But emerald is May’s birth stone. Now, why would your mother get you May’s birth stone when your born in December?”
I swung the necklace in her face. “It’s my favourite gem. Give it back to me now!”
“No. I think I will keep it.” Her eyes bugged out of her head
“You can’t take it.” She fought harder, tearing her skin, and burning the silvered rope deeper into her skin.
I pulled my necklace out and held them together. “Why not We both know this is my mothers, and not yours.” I held the matching necklaces side by side. “My mother’s birth stone and mine. Now, why would my mother buy a matching necklace with your mother? I mean, it is identical down to the wolf.” I watched her breathing pick up. What is more likely, one that has already been confirmed, so don’t lie, is that you found this necklace in my mother’s office that you liked to break into. You stole it. And you are using it to manipulate my father.” I crouched down and watched her face. “Am I close?”
Her face paled even more, and she shook her head. “No. It’s mine.”
“We both know that’s a lie. I’m going to keep it. And I’m going to go see my father. Maybe I’ll get lucky and find something on him that has a matching glow.” I smiled as she lunged at me, screaming. “Oh, and Aurora?” I punched her in the face, breaking her nose. “That’s for using a spell against my father.” I turned and stood. “Take her back to her cell and don’t let anyone else around her.” Beck nodded.
“What are you going to do now?” Ronnie led me out of the interrogation room that Aurora was still screaming in.
“Amy, you stupid bitch, you think you won? I’ll kill you.” She screamed as Beck dragged her out, but I just let out
+25 BONUS
Chapter Forty–Nine
a chuckle.
“You couldn’t hurt me if you fucking tried.” I snarled and released my aura, causing all three wolves around me to drop to their knees. I walked over to Aurora, who had dropped to the floor. “You are a weak wolf that resorts to lying and spell work to steal a wolf that doesn’t belong to you. And after everything, you failed.”
“Amy…can you tuck your aura away? It’s painful.” Ronnie’s voice was strained, and I snarled one last time before I tucked my aura away.
Beck staggered to his feet, scooping Aurora from the ground. “What the fuck was that?”
Ronnie pushed himself from the ground. “That was Amy.”
Beck’s eyes widened and snapped to me. “There is no way. She’s a pup.”
“An alpha pup.” Ronnie patted my shoulder. “I’m assuming you want to go see your father now?”
I glared down at Aurora. “Yes. Let’s finish this.”
“You won’t find anything.” She laughed. “You won’t change anything. Because you are as weak as your pathetic man of a father.” I snapped back and punched her again, her nose shifting on her face, completely shattered.
“Get her out of my eyesight before I make sure her nose heals that way and ruins that perfect little face.”
She howled in pain as Beck dragged her away. “Amy.”
“What?” I whirled on Ronnie.
He held up his hands in surrender. “Nothing. Just wanted to know if you had your wolfs bane today?”
“Yes. Why?” I snarled again, still riled.
“Because your hands are shifted.” Ronnie nodded down and I looked to see my arms covered in black fur.
###Next D 50
Chapter Fifty
Nix? I called out in my mind.
+25 BONUS
I’m trying to rein it in, but she pissed me off. Her voice was low. I watched her shake herself, but she was still riled. Megan trotted over to her and rubbed her side down Nix’s. I watched as my one wolf calmed my other one, and when Nix finally nodded, I opened my eyes to see I had shifted back
1 rubbed my arms, and Ronnie ran his finger through his hair. “Please don’t shift until your father has been fixed. I don’t think I could keep up with Nix, nor keep her in check.” Ronnie shook himself before heading back upstairs.
I could still make out Aurora’s screaming, but we headed all the way back upstairs. “What about the tools?”
“Beck will grab them.” I nodded and headed up the stairs while Ronnie closed the door behind us and he called back up to me. “Amy?”
“Yeah?”
“You, ugh, you have a knife in your back pocket.”
Confused, I patted my pocket, and sure enough, I had a small knife I had grabbed from the room with the tools. I pulled it out and flipped it over in my hand. It wasn’t silver, just a small switch blade that I could use to torture Aurora with no lasting damage. “Right.” I went to toss it back to Ronnie, but once he got a closer look at it, he waved his hand.
“I thought it was a silver knife. A regular knife is fine, keep it. Your dad would probably love for you to have that knife.” I flipped the knife in my hand and waited for Ronnie to join me. “That was the only thing you grandpa ever gave your father. He loved it for so long, and passing it down to you would probably be the best thing” Ronnie closed my fingers around it and then pulled me out of the pack house.
“Are you sure?”
“Nope, but we can just ask the man. It isn’t like he’s dead.” Ronnie chuckled as we walked past the backyard and into the forest. We walked for a while before something caught my attention. There was someone screaming from far away. Or so I thought. We walked a little farther and then Ronnie pulled up to a thick tree. He pushes his hand. into a knot in the tree and pulled it open, revealing stairs downward,
The screams were coming from down here. Ronnie looked at me and grimaced. “Is that?”
He nodded and headed down the stairs. “Seems like Loki gave control back to your father.”
We made our way to the bottom of the stairs and my father was pacing behind the bars of a cell. His snarl forced Ronnie to bear his neck, but I pushed past his power and aura. I walked up to the bars of the cell, “Dad?”
“What are you doing to her?” He snarled again, slamming his aura into me, but his power crashed over me like a wave against the rocks. It was powerful, but I held firm.
“Doing to who?” I played dumb as I looked him over, trying to find something out of place. But he wasn’t wearing any necklace or jewelry.
“My luna. Where is Aurora?” He charged the bars, reaching out to grab me, and I let him. He wrapped his hands. around my throat again and squeezed.
Ronnie screamed and rushed over to me, grabbing my father’s hands and trying to pull him off, but being this close gave me a chance to see if there was anything that had a sigil on him. But yet again I came up empty.
I cut my eyes to Ronnie, who was begging my father to let go. “I can’t watch this. Gavin, you are my best friend, I can’t watch you kill you pup knowing how you will feel when you come back to yourself.” Tear sprang to his eyes
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Fifty
as he begged, but my father was having none of it. 21
“Shut the fuck up Ronnie, I already told you she isn’t mine. Ainsley was a whore who was cheating on me. She still cheats on me. You lock me in here every fucking time like an animal. You have begged me for years to get a new mate and now that I have, you’re backtracking for this imposter.” My dad’s words cut deep, but I was distracted.
I tried not to flinch, but I caught the pink glowing from below my chin. I turned, and the glow was gone. So I turned back to Ronnie and looked from the corner of my eye, and I saw it again.
I put my hands up and I pulled myself out of his grasp. I kept his hand in mine as I turned my head to the side again, and there it was. A light pink sigil was burned into the back of my father’s hand. One he couldn’t see.
###Next D 51
Chapter Fifty One
Chapter Fifty–One
“Hold his hand out.” I pulled it out far enough, and Ronnie looked at me.
“What?”
“Hold his right hand out now.” My father was screaming.
“What the fuck are you doing? Ronnie, if you fucking listen to her I will kill you,” He snarled. His aura tried to come out, but it didn’t reach us.
What the hell?”
“Your dad spelled this cell so that he couldn’t make us release him. He wanted to make sure he wouldn’t be a danger to the pack.”
I nodded and braced myself. I pulled his hand out as far as I could and nodded to Ronnie. He wrapped his hand. around his arm. Once he was settled, and he gave me a nod, let go. I wrestled his hand open, and I pulled the knife from my back pocket.
“Amy, what are you doing?” My father fought harder, slamming Ronnie’s back against the bars.
“Do you trust me?” I fought to hold his hand straight as I brought the knife closer.
“Of course. But what are you doing?”
“If I’m right, what I am about to do will not be pretty, but it needs to be done.”
“What are you talking about?” He pushed back against the bars, but I couldn’t hesitate any longer. I cut into the skin on the back of his hand, peeling it back as I went. He went crazy. Screaming, howling and pulling back his hand, but with the two of us holding on, my dad couldn’t beat the two of us. “Amy?” Ronnie’s voice wavered as I continued to cut the skin away.
“He will heal. I need to get this off of him.” I strained as I finished cutting around the sigil. Then I scrapped the skin away from the muscle and bones underneath.
Ronnie gagged as I worked, but I couldn’t think of it. I couldn’t think that this was my father, and I was peeling his skin off. This was saving him. That was all I could focus on. “Amy.” He gagged again. My father used his feet pressed against a few bars, trying to rip his hand from our grasp. He pushed and screamed, fighting harder, nearly dislocating his arm in his fight to get away from us.
“I’m almost done.” I finished and ripped the skin from his hand as Ronnie lost the fight and his arm slipped back. into the cell. I fell to the ground, clutching the flesh in my hand.
“Amy, what the fuck is going on?” Ronnie looked down at the blood that covered him and nearly emptied his stomach again.
“Magic.” I stood and walked back over to the bars. I watched as the skin regrew over my father’s wounds and I breathed in a sigh. I turned to face Ronnie and checked, but the sigil was truly gone. I moved the chunk I had in my hand and sure enough, the pink sigil still burned there. “I got what I needed. Stay here with him. I’m going to finish this, I will call you once it’s done.”
“Amy, are you sure?”
“Yes.” I went to pat his shoulder, but he dodged my bloodied hand. “I’m sure. Let me out of here.” Ronnie walked me up the stairs and released me. I ran the entire way back to the house and up to my safe. I grabbed the book of
shadows and ran back to the clearing. Once there, I called to my grandmother.
I looked around, dropping to the ground and waiting, but even after five minutes, I was left alone. I flipped the
Chapter Fifty–One
book open and went page by page until I found the one I needed. The reversal of the infatuation spell.
I called out one more time before I realized she wasn’t coming. It was up to me to save my father from this. I felt the panic bubble inside of me, but both Megan and Nix came closer to the surface, lending me their strength.
We are here. You can do this. Nix’s smoky voice comforted the and I nodded.
“It says I need a fire.” I stood and ran back into the forest, searching for dead wood and twigs, anything that I could use to build a fire. “I have to make it hot enough to destroy both the necklace and the skin.”
Heat won’t be an issue, keeping it going long enough will be. Gather a lot of wood. Megan’s voice cut in and I nodded to myself. I made multiple trips, gathering enough wood to burn all night. Then I grabbed stones I found to create a barrier from the remaining grass. I didn’t want this to get out of hand.
“Okay. I think I’m ready.” I barely took a breath as I arranged the stones and placed the dead wood and twigs. I felt my wolves pull back, and I took a deep breath before I linked myself to my power, gripping the white pot that just budded. And I flipped to a different page.
###Next D 52
Chapter Fifty–Two
“Alsh firmate alite.” The fire ball flew from my hands and exploded against the dry wood. It caught, and soon the fire was burning through the wood quickly. I fed more wood, bigger pieces into the fire, and waited for it to catch. I wanted to be sure that this was going to be burning for a while before I moved on to the next step.
Once
I was sure that the fire was good, I flipped back to the page I needed.
I read the entire page twice before I put the book back on the ground. I pulled my mother’s necklace out of my pocket and my father’s skin. I prayed to the Moon Goddess that I was right before I tossed both in.
“Ista nox luva sit nu.” I slowly repeated the word three times, and I watched as the fire flared and turned pink. I hoped that meant I was right before I sat back on my heels. Now I just had to wait.
I fed the fire and watched as the necklace slowly melted away, and nearly gagged from the smell as the small bit of
father went with it. I let the fire go until I saw everything turn to ash, then I let the fire burn away.
my
I took a deep breath before I did the thing I was most scared of. I took out my phone and called Ronnie. “It’s done. How is he?” I closed my eyes and held my breath, waiting to hear his screams.
“He’s perfectly fine.” I could hear the relief in his voice.
“Are you sure? He isn’t playing you?” I wanted so badly to believe what he said, but I was afraid.
“Yeah. Amy, you did good.” Ronnie’s voice trailed off.
“Pup?” My father’s ragged voice was on the line and I felt like I could cry.
“Dad?” My voice wavered.
“I’m so sorry, pup. I don’t believe you are an imposter. You are one hundred percent mine. And I am so sorry for hurting you. Loki and Ronnie filled me in. Are you okay?”
I lost the fight, and tears fell. “Yeah dad. I’m okay.” I let out the breath I was holding. “You scared the shit out of me.”
“I know. But we made it out, thanks to you. And now we have things that need to be handled. Can you meet us in my office?”
“Of course I can.” He said he loved me and then I was left listening to a dial tone. I wiped my face and gathered the book. I turned around to head back and I found my grandmother sitting on the stump, beaming. “You came?”
m
“Of course I came, pup.” She stood and walked over to my make shift fire pit.
“I needed your help.” I wanted to be angry.
“No love, you didn’t. If you did, I was here, watching the whole time. But you did it all. You figured it out and performed the spell perfectly. You saved you da.”
“But what if I was wrong?”
She pursed her lips before she sighed. “I would have stepped in if I thought you were wrong, but you needed this.”
“I needed this?” I laughed. “What? I needed to feel like I was about to doom my father to that cell forever?”
“No, my love, you needed to trust in yourself. You have been second guessing everything since you came back to this life. We all do it. But you needed a defining moment that you knew what was wrong and that you could fix it. This was your defining moment. You saved you dad. You worked your magic alone for the first time. A big spell And you came out of it on the other side.” She walked closet and raised her hands to cup my face. “It’s a hard
Chapter Filty Two,
lesson to learn, but the one you needed most.”
“But why?”
+25 BONUS
“Because. You needed to trust yourself, your wolves, and your magic to do what you had to, to save someone you loved. It cements all your pieces together.” She leaned up and I felt a shadow of a kiss on my forehead and I closed my eyes. “You are whole, for the first time in both of your lifetimes.”
I opened my eyes to find myself once again alone. But I felt her words resonating in my soul. I felt whole. I felt closer to both of my wolves, and my power was growing. I could do some much more than I could the last life I lived.
I rubbed my stomach where I could still feel the phantom of my pup. “I won’t let anyone hurt you in this life, pup. We will be together again. I promise you that. If the Goddess gifts me with you in this life, I will kill anyone who even thinks about hurting you.” Both my wolves growled their agreement, and I started back to the pack house.
Chapter Filty Three
###Next D 53
Chapter Fifty–Three
The sun was breaking over the trees as I broke out of the forest. I didn’t realize that the burning took so long.
It took the entire night. Megan’s voice sounded tired. I nodded as I ran into the pack house and up the stairs. I needed to see him for myself before I believed he was truly back to his normal self. I made it to the landing, and I was hearing the pack house wake up, but I was only focused on one thing.
“Dad?” I slammed into the office and skidded to a stop. My father was there, sitting behind his desk. He looked like he was normal, but that didn’t mean he was. Ronnie was slumped in his normal chair and they both looked up to where I was panting in the doorway.
“Yeah pup.” His smile made me burst into tears.
“You scared the his arms as he stood and he wrapped
n out of me, old man. I thought I had lost you.” I ran into 
his arms around me.
“I’m sorry Amy. I should have listened to you sooner. I wouldn’t have hurt you if I had.” He pulled back to look at the faded bruises. His face grew dark, and he pulled me beside him. “Where is Aurora?”
“She’s back in her cell. Beck put her there last night when we were finished with her.” Ronnie yawned.
“Get her here now.” My dad growled out, but I heard the command go out to the entire pack. Pack meeting now. Wake up and make your way to the Agora.
“Fuck.” Ronnie stood and slapped himself. “You’re calling a meeting to the Agora?” My dad nodded. “Go get Aurora yourself and bring her.” Ronnie nodded and left.
“The Agora?”
“Come pup. It’s time you learned more of our pack” My father stood and grabbed my hand. He grabbed a bag on his way out and we walked out of the pack house. He took a left, and we followed a pathway cut into the dirt through the trees. “Our family has been here for a very long time, long before the humans of the land came here. We once lived as wolves, under the Moon Goddess’s guidance. We survived off the land and only shifted to make decisions.”
“What?”
‘Our pack, our family, descended from the first wolves. From the goddess herself. And the Agora is a magical place.”
“What are you saying?” My mind was trying to catch up with itself. My mother always said we were a direct line from the goddess, but I didn’t really believe her. Now my father was telling me the same.
“The Agora is the very place where the goddess blessed the original wolves with human bodies.” My father looked back at me, where I had slowed when he started his story. It is our blessed circle, where we meet to make the decisions that affect the pack.”
I stumbled over my thoughts. “I thought the goddess blessed humans with a wolf’s form…”
My father laughed and shook his head. “We lived here as wolves for over a thousand years before the humans came here. They started hunting us. Even went as far as killing the alpha.” My father turned and started walking backwards. “The goddess saw our destruction. Our people, our wolves, have always worshipped her. So she granted us our salvation. She offered us the ability to shift into human, so we survived. It became easier to survive as humans who shift into wolves, and here we are.”
“Why do other packs believe differently?”
Chapter Fifty Three
“Because they aren’t from the original pack. Those from our pack keep the truth close, not even telling their matés about other packs. We tell our children when they come of age.”
“But why hide it?”
“Because the Agora holds power. Which means our pack holds power. The only pack that is closer to the goddess was the Lycans, and they were wiped out.”
My eyes snapped back to my dad. “Why were they wiped out? Why is the king the only one left?”
My father smiled. “That is a fantastic question. One I wish had the answer.to, but only the King himself knows.” He shook his head slowly. “I have my own ideas.”
“What are your ideas?” I pushed, but he shook his head again.
“If you want to figure out the answer, ask the king himself I won’t add my own reasons to the mix. But I think it would be around the same reasons that we have been targeted here.”
“Wait, you have been targeted? Dad, what aren’t you telling me?”
“People crave power. They think if they take out the two highest packs that the vacuum left will be easy to step into, but without the goddess, we are nothing”
“I don’t know what that means…”
“You will.” He turned around and pushed through the last bit of trees and it opened up to what I could only assume was the Agora.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 54
Chapter Fifty–Four
Chapter Fifty–Four
The Agora was breathtaking. The clearing looked like a natural stone quarry, if that made any sense. Rocks were staggered down toward the lower floor, like steps, and it was already filling up with the pack. There was a path that circled down the side wall of the crater until it ended at the bottom, where a chair, or should I say, a throne, waited. There was a smaller one to the side, which I could only assume it was for the Alpha and Luna
As I stepped down with my father, I could feel the truth settle in my bones. This was the birthplace of our kind. You could feel the ancient roots here wrap around you. The trees bowed outward, allowing the sun and moon to shine down on the people collected here.
This was where fates were decided.
My father and I reached the bottom, and he gestured me to sit in the luna’s chair and I nodded. I settled and my father walked to the floor as everyone filed in. You could see the wolves that knew the truth of this place fill with a sense of pride. And those that weren’t privy to the knowledge settle, but tremble with the power that was wrapped around them.
Everyone was whispering and my father raised his hands, quieting everyone down. “File in, find a seat.”
“Alpha? What is this about?” A wolf called down from the back row. I looked to see who it was, but I missed them. “I will answer all of your questions. But settle. Please.” My father waited for a few minutes. He turned to me and then nodded. He settled into his throne and raised his hands again. The Agora went silent. “I called you all here for a specific reason. I need the Williams family to step down.” My father called out coldly.
We sat as Amanda and her family slowly walked to the pathway and headed down to the ground. They made their way in front of us and bowed. “Alpha? Why have you called my family down here?” Jay Williams, Amanda’s father, asked.
I scoffed as 1 glared at Amanda. “Do you feign ignorance as well, Amanda?”
Jay snapped his eyes to his daughter and then to me. “Amy don’t know what my daughter has done, but I swear I knew nothing about it.” Jay turned on Amanda. “What the fuck did you do?”
“Nothing!” she screamed and dropped to the ground. “Alpha, whatever was said about me was a lie.”
My dad stood and walked over to her, crouching and lifting her face. “Are you calling my daughter a liar?” Tears fell from her eyes as she darted her eyes to look at me and then back to my father. “No
Alpha,” 
“So you admit to using your aura to make weaker wolves do your bidding with the she–wolves in your friend’s group?”
Jay and his wife, Sheila, drew in a breath, obviously hearing this for the first time. My father looked back at me as I stared at the pair.
They didn’t know. Nix’s voice rang through my head.
“How are you so sure?” I whispered back.
I commanded their wolves to tell me. Nix growled back and felt her slam my aura out. The Williams all dropped to their knees and Jay bowed down to the ground. “Did you know?”
“No Alpha.” Jay’s voice trembled out as I released my aura allowing them up. I looked at my father and nodded.
“Amanda?” 
“They didn’t know. My father would have punished me.” She whispered and Nix growled lowly, black fur rippled
Chapter Filly–Four
down my arms. “I swear it.” Amanda screamed as she looked at me. “They did not know.” Louder this time.
“Who did?” I growled out. I fought to control my anger, but something in the Agora was making it almost impossible to control myself or my wolves.
I closed my eyes to refocus, and Nix and Megan were trembling. “What’s wrong?”
The Agora is a place of power, and it is pulling us to come forward, to bond fully, to shift. Nix’s voice was ragged with her effort to stay back.
You will have to shift. Megan panted. It has to be Nix, or else I will be forced to shift. She needs to stop fighting. Soon. Or else we won’t have the choice of who comes forward.
“Okay.” I shook my head, trying to clear it. My father looked back at me, and there was concern in his eyes. The fur pulled back a little as I reined it in. I glared down at Amanda and stood. I stalked down to her with my fur rippling with my anger. “Who did Amanda?”
Amanda shook as she tried to fight against the aura that was leaking out, but she failed. “Aurora.”
Jay and Sheila drew in another breath. “Amanda, why?”
###Next D 55
Chapter Fifty–Five
“Because!” she snarled and rose up to glare at her parents. You were weak. Both if you were so weak. I deserved to be a ranked wolf. I worked my ass off to become stronger, only to find myself stuck in the middle with you two.” She looked disgusted.
Her parents reeled back with the hate. “We loved you.” Shella whispered, her voice trembling.
“What’s so wrong with being unranked wolf?” Someone from the stands shouted.
“Yeah?” Another called down. Soon, the entire pack was riled up.
“Everything! Amanda stood and whirled on the crowd. “You are weak. Unimportant. Poor. Pathetic wolves who are happy in your pathetic, insignificant lives. I deserve to be a luna, I deserve to lead. I deserve-” She stomped her foot.
“Nothing.” My voice echoed around the clearing. “You deserve nothing.” Amanda turned back to me with a glare. “Being an alpha, or luna, isn’t something we deserve. It isn’t even something we earn. We are born to lead. We are born stronger, faster, bigger than normal wolves. Not to lord over them, but to keep them safe. You think being an alpha is about power? You are too stupid to realize it’s about protection. It’s about listening to everyone in your
of pack, even the lowest, and making them feel heard. Loved.” My lip lifted. Amanda had missed the importance the ranking. “You think the Beta’s and Gamma’s lord over the pack, but their jobs are to support the Alpha Luna. You know nothing of pack structure. Even less about pack dynamics. You would be a horrible luna.”
“Well, we will see.” She smirked as she stared at my father
and
#If you 
think Aurora is going to be my luna, you are wrong. Her plan failed.” My father finally got back to his feet and pushed Amanda back to her knees. “Stay on your knees. The judged aren’t allowed to stand until sentencing.
The gasp that went through the pack was deafening. “Judgement?” Sheila’s voice wavered as she dropped to her knees. “Please Alpha.”
“I’m sorry, Shiela, but she shows no signs of remorse. She colluded with Aurora to deceive this pack.” My father turned and settled back on his throne. He patted the seat next to him and held out a hand. But I couldn’t settle. My wolves were struggling to stay back. Fur rippled farther up my arms and on to my chest.
“Dad?” I walked closer to him. I panted. “I can’t hold on for much longer.
“It’s okay pup. I have you.” He weaved his fingers into mine, and I could feel my wolves settle a bit. He turned to face the crowd. He mind–linked Ronnie, but left it open, so that everyone heard. Bring Aurora to the Agora for her
crimes.
There was silence on the other end. But the Ronnie’s voice called back. She’s gone, Beck is injured, but Aurora is gone. Everyone gasped as my father shot to his feet. He released my hand, which left me alone to struggle with my wolves. 1
“Doc, head to the pack house now. Save Beck.” My father called out as Amanda laughed.
“You thought you won? Aurora is smarter and stronger than all of you combined.” My father growled, but she kept mocking him. “She will take this pack and kill you all. She laughed harder, but my father was focused on the pack.
“Calm down.” My father’s voice boomed through the Agora “Warriors. I want you all back on the borders. Greyson, I need you to go scent the cell and track her. Let’s go people.”
Amanda kept cackling, and I lost the tiny thread I had, and charged her, tackling her to the ground. “You think this is funny? Are you so sure Aurora is going to win?” She smiled up at me and smiled. “Why? Because of her magic?” I watched her freeze under me. “I have a secret, Amanda.” leaned over her and put my lips right against her ear
1/2
Chapter Fifty–Five
and I whispered so only she could hear me. “So do I. And I removed the spell she had on my father already.” She slammed back against the ground and stared up at me as I grinned down at her. “Don’t believe me?”
“You’re lying.
“I burned my mother’s emerald wolf necklace, and the skin of my father’s right hard last night.” She paled as I whispered it.
“No.” She shook her head as I felt my teeth elongate.
My voice was barely a growl. “You picked the losing side, Amanda. And now, now you’re banished from this pack.” “You can’t make that decision.” She screamed as she scrambled out from under me.
I stood on shaking legs, and I felt my first arm snap. I screamed my anger. “From this day forth, Amanda Williams is banished from the Silvermoon pack.” Shiela and Jay let out a cry.
“You can’t do this.”
“I make this decree in front of the Moon Goddess herself. You have turned against your pack, and now you will suffer the consequences.” My voice rose, whipping around the Agora.
“You are no one. You can’t do this.”
“I am an alpha.” I screamed as I lost the battle with Nix.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 56
Chapter Fifty Six
Chapter Fifty–Six 
I stood on shaky paws, and I looked down at the girl between my feet. “What are you?”
“I already told you,” Nix growled out as she lowered our head to Amanda’s. “I am an alpha of this pack, and I have made my decree.” Nix lifted our muzzle to the sky and howled. The loud lone call was matched with the shifted wolves of this pack. The ones that were left bowed their heads to us. “Does anyone disagree?”
“No Alpha.” The call went out, even Jay and Sheila bowing their consent.
“Mom! Dad!” Amanda called out, but they turned their backs on her. As did the rest of the pack. She looked around as she stumbled to her feet.
She looked back to Nix. “From this day forth, Amanda Williams will be shunned by any of this pack. She will be joined by Aurora Williams once she is caught. We do not suffer betrayers in this pack.”
“You have until sundown to collect the belongings you are taking with you. You need to be off pack lands or else the warriors have permission to attack on sight.” My father walked up next to Nix and put his arm on our shoulder.
Amanda looked back and forth between me, my father, and her parents. She screamed and stomped her foot, but Nix was over the situation and growled, showing her fangs, and getting in Amanda’s face. “I would worry more about leaving than throwing another tantrum, girl. Before lose my patience.” Amanda snapped her eyes to us and then ran from the Agora.
My father lifted his hands. “The rest of you are dismissed. Stay one guard and if you see anything, mind–link me immediately.” The pack bowed and left the Agora, leaving us trembling with rage. “It’s okay, Amy.” But he was facing Nix.
I was pushed to the back of my mind, sitting with Megan, watching as Nix controlled our body. It was a weird feeling, but she deserved the freedom even if she was holding on to her anger by a thread.
Once you shift more often, you can still be in control, even shifted. Megan purred. My fingers were running through her coat as we watched everything unfold.
“You both deserve a little freedom. I think I will keep it this way, unless something happens.” I throw out as she chortled next to me.
Nix turned to face my father, and he ran his fingers through our fur. “You’re huge.” Nix lifted our lip, and he chuckled. “Not a bad thing, pup. You are absolutely beautiful.” I felt her pride at his words. His hands trailed up her face and over her forehead. “Goddess blessed too.” He shook his head. “How am I supposed to keep the male wolves away from you now?”
Nix chortled. She bumped his head with hers. “You will figure out a way.” Nix froze as a mind–link came through. Aurora ran out of the border, but there were rogue scents all around. They cross into our land. What should I do? Should I go after Aurora or follow the rogue scents? Grayson’s voice rang through our head and Nix lept into
action.
“Nix! Wait!” my father called out to us, but she was too focused.
Nix, wait for dad. I called out to her, but she ignored even me. Nix! I called out again.
“There are rogues on our land. We need to protect our pack Nix’s voice blasted through the air and our minds.
My father’s growl came from behind us on the left side. Lok came bounding up next to us. “Never run from me again, pup. Not with rogues on the loose.” 
Chapter Fifty–Six
“Well then, keep up with me, old man.” Nix growled out and kept running. Once we breached the trees, we ran through the town towards where Greyson was, but before Nix made it back to the opposite tree line, we caught a scent. A second after, Loki caught it too. We both veered off following the trail. “Loki?”
“Stay close, stay alert.” He growled. We followed the scent for a minute before a scream rent the air. “We are under attack.” His voice bellowed through the mind–link.Get to your positions, and protect the pack.” A howl went out, and then another. More attacks were happening. He looked at me and I looked at him, and I saw when he decided. “Stay safe, pup. I won’t be able to live without you
I nodded, and Nix allowed me to push forward. We would fight together. I pushed to the forefront. “Stay safe daddy.” Then Nix and I veered off toward another howl. We ran through the town to the next closest howl and rounded a corner to see two rogues cornering a family. My vision turned red as I saw one dodge in toward the small pup. And Nix and I put on a burst of speed. They wouldn’t hurt this family.
###Next D 57
Chapter Fifty–Seven
I was able to tackle the wolf that dove for the pup and 1 made quick work of it. I whirled on the family, and they cried as I walked closer and sniffed around them to make sure no one was hurt. “You’re okay. Head to the closest building and lock yourself in a room.‘
The mom and kid continued to cry, but the father nodded. “Thank you…Alpha…” He trailed off, and I realized these people were too scared to scent me.
“I’m Nix, Amy’s wolf.” I licked my muzzle to clean off any blood so not to scare the kid. But she threw herself at
me.
“Amy?”
“Yes. You’re safe now, Sophie. Now, do as you’re told and go. Stay safe.” The mom and dad grabbed the pup from my leg and then hustled into whoever’s house they were cornered at. I heard a few’doors slam and a lock turn before I ran off towards another howl.
I made my way through the pack. One call for help after another. Sometimes, I made it in time, others someone else had already beaten me to it. I was about to run to the next howl, but it was cut off, and a scream ripped through the air. The scream was so rare, I whipped around and headed straight there. It was a call that was more insistent, more panicked, and when I rounded the corner I realized why and my stomach dropped.
Two parents, a couple I didn’t recognize, so they had to be few, lay bloody in front of their two kids. A boy about the age of seven was waving a stick to fight off three rogues while the four–year–old little girl screamed for help. She clutched at her fallen parents and was rocking her mother. I prayed to the moon goddess that they were just unconscious and not dead, but by the growing puddle of blood underneath the family, I doubted my prayers would be answered.
I dove for the first rogue before they realized I was even there. I had its neck in my jaws before they could fight back, and I dropped the body to my feet as the other two turned to face me.
One dove for my neck, but I was able to dodge around it. I turned my head to snap at the rogue in front of me while the second one jumped onto my back, biting into my shoulder. I yipped from the pain but knocked the wolf loose. I whirled and snapped at the two who dance backward.
They were obviously a tearn, which was weird because rogues were lone wolves usually. Never one to group up, they usually attacked one at a time. If another was close, they might use an attack as a diversion to attack themselves, but they never worked together. But these two, these two, were working in tandem. When one attacked, the other would wait for an opening and jump in. They protected each other. If I was close to killing one of them, the other would risk themselves to save the other
I was fed up with the back and forth between the two. The two wolves lay dead or dying below our feet, and there were two pups crying for their parents, terrified that they were next.
Dad! I need you.
Where are you pup? What’s wrong? I sent a jumble of images through the mind–link. Hoping he could make sense of them. And then I shut it down. Don’t do anything stupid.
I love you, dad.
Amy, Nix, no!
But I shut down the link, and I refocused on the two rouges in front of me and I made my decision. I heard a terrified howl rend through the air from my father. I knew be was heading my way, but it was going to be too late.
I dove for the first wolf. We fought while the second one waited on the sidelines, but this time it wasn’t going to
1.2. 
Chapter Fifty–Seven
matter. I dug my claws into the first wolf and it screeched. It my side. The three of us wrestled on the ground until the fi side. I heard the kids cry out, terrified, and I dug my back pa
It tried to jump off me, but I wouldn’t let go of its shoulder, bite down hard enough, the first wolf was dead. I kicked the tearing it more. I staggered to my feet, and I planted myself let out a vicious growl as I felt my feet start to fail me while
Today’s Bonus Offer
Chapter Fifty–Seven
matter. I dug my claws into the first wolf and it screeched. I bite into its shoulder as I felt the second wolf attack. my side. The three of us wrestled on the ground until the first wolf was on top of me, with the second off to the side. I heard the kids cry out, terrified, and I dug my back paws into the belly of the first.
It tried to jump off me, but I wouldn’t let go of its shoulder. The second wolf dove for my neck, but before it could bite down hard enough, the first wolf was dead. I kicked the body off me and shook the second world off my neck, tearing it more. I staggered to my feet, and I planted myself in between the second wolf and the pups behind me. I let out a vicious growl as I felt my feet start to fail me while my blood poured from my neck.
Chapter Fifty–Seven
matter. I dug my claws into the first wolf and it screeched. I bite into its shoulder as I felt the second wolf attack. my side. The three of us wrestled on the ground until the first wolf was on top of me, with the second off to the side. I heard the kids cry out, terrified, and I dug my back paws into the belly of the first.
It tried to jump off me, but I wouldn’t let go of its shoulder. The second wolf dove for my neck, but before it could bite down hard enough, the first wolf was dead. I kicked the body off me and shook the second world off my neck, tearing it more. I staggered to my feet, and I planted myself in between the second wolf and the pups behind me. I let out a vicious growl as I felt my feet start to fail me while my blood poured from my neck.
###Next D 58
Chapter Fifty–Eight
The second wolf paced in front of me, looking for a way in, but I stood my ground. I wouldn’t allow myself to fall and lose these two pups. I pushed forward, so it was my voice. “Listen, you two.” I waited until I heard their breathing to catch. “Do you….think you can…do me a favour”
“Alpha Amy?” The little boy’s voice hesitated. “Is that you?
“Yeah buddy, this is my wolf. Can you do me à favour?” I struggled to stay standing on my legs, so I locked my knees and focused on getting them out of here.
“Yes Alpha.”
“Good boy. Can you be a strong boy of me? Can you take your sister and run?” I wanted to look back to reassure him, but I knew if I took my eyes off the wolf, it would attack.
“Will you come with us?”
“Of course. I’m just going to make sure you get off to safety before I follow with you parents.”
“You promise?” His tiny voice made my heart break.
“I promise. I’m just going to make sure you are safe.” I tried to put so much into my voice. “Now go. I’ll make sure you get to safety.” I threw back my head and let out a loud howl, letting them know my urgency. “Go! Now!” I screamed as I charged the other wolf and I heard the pair run away.
“Stupid girl. You are going to die here.” The rogue crouched, getting ready to attack.
“That may be, but those pups won’t. That’s what matters.” I felt Megan pushing power toward Nix, so I pulled back to do the same.
We believe in you, Nix. And if we fall today, we fall saving those pups. I called to my wolf, and I felt her legs tense. She pulled all the power to her. Even knowing we were still losing too much blood, she rallied to buy those pups the best chance of survival.
“You haven’t done anything.” The rogue lowered himself and watched us. “Once I kill you, I will chase after them and once they are as dead as their parents, I’ll savour eating their little hearts out of their chests.”
“You won’t get the chance.” Nix stumbled and fell on to her side.
Get up! I screamed.
The rogue laughed harder and then jumped, aiming for our throats. Nix jumped to her feet, lightening fast–and lept for the other wolf. She snapped her teeth around the rogue’s neck and she bit down. Hand
She landed on her paws as the other wolf’s head went flying, but she tripped once again and sprawled over the ground. Nix lay on her side with Megan and me, reassuring her.
You did good, Nix. I called to her. I felt her heart break, our heartbreak, and I tried to take away that pain. It’s okay. We did what we came to do; we saved those pups.
But we won’t make it… Nix trailed off.
I had the best life with you this time around. Just being acknowledged was enough for me. Megan rubbed against me and I felt a tear fall.
You, we, did our absolute best. We saved those kids. I lived etter this time around, and I’m so happy I got to meet you both. I wiped my nose and chuckled. You were amazing Nix
+235 BONUS 
Chapter Fifty–Eight
I’m happy I got to feel the wind in my fur this time. I could feel our connection grow weaker. The world grew dim. I’m sorry you never got to experience it this time, Megani.
There is always the next life, Nix. Always the next life. Megan and I felt Nix turn in. I was shifting back to my body. The fur pulled back and my bones snapped back into place. This time was a lot more painful than the first. I screamed as my body finished shifting and I laid in the dirt, panting.
I felt the blood from my neck slow to a trickle. But it wasn’t a good sign. It wasn’t that the shift helped me heal, which it would normally. It was more that I had lost that much blood and I was nearing the end.
There couldn’t be much left, not much blood left, and definitely not much time.
1 gathered my strength and sent a final mind–link to my dad. I love you daddy. Then I closed my eyes and tracked my way back into my inner self. I wrapped my arms around Megan and Nix, trailing my fingers through their fur. I’m sorry Amy. I couldn’t protect us. Nix heaved in a breath struggling to get out the words she needed.
We protected each other; I was right there with you. Look at me. Nix raised her head to meet my eyes. I have never, and will never, regret having you as my wolf. You did amazing with what we had to deal with and never once did my belief in you waver.
But we are dying…
And we gave our all to save those two terrified pups. I think that is a worthy cause,
Yes, yes, I do. Nix collapsed back down to the ground and I laid next to her.
I’ll see you both on the other side. I whispered as the world went dark.
###Next D 59
Chapter Fifty–Nine
“Stay with me, baby.” I heard my father’s worried whisper in the darkness. I was floating in this nothingness. There was no light, no sound, nothing except my father’s soft whispers. “Please don’t leave me. I don’t think I could go on without you. Nevermind ever facing your mother again.” I wanted to reassure him.
It’s okay daddy. I made my choice.
“You saved that family, even the parents. They are still touch and go, but they made it to the hospital. So you have to make it too.” His voice grew stronger, and I smiled.
At least they made it.
I tried to sit up, roll over or move, but I couldn’t move. I was stuck in this darkness. Is this death? Is this the afterlife we have all heard about? Where was the Goddess? Where were my wolves?
We are here with you, Amy. Nix’s voice was still with me. I closed my eyes and focused inside, and they were where they have always been even when I didn’t know it.
You’re here.
Of course we are. Megan’s bright voice made me smile, her snout pulling into a smile. We would never leave you, Amy.
I felt a wave of relief hit me. At least I wasn’t alone. 
“Come back to me, baby. I need you to wake up.” My father’s voice called to me.
I can’t, daddy. I’m sorry. I called out to the abyss. I searched the darkness for anything, or anyway out, so I could get to him, but I was stuck here.
“Who says you are stuck here?” A sweet voice called from the darkness.
I don’t know. I assume I am because I died… I trailed off when I heard a sweet melodic chuckle..
“Oh, young one. No one is ever stuck, if you have the right outlook, and this is not the afterlife.” A flash of white blinded me, and there she was in all her glory, the Goddess.
Why have you come? I questioned as I floated into the abyss
“For you, dear girl. I came here for you.” I gasped. “Why are you so surprised? You have seen me before…”
I know, but it is not something you can ever get used to. I watched her come closer to me, but even still, I was cast in darkness. Why would a Goddess, the Goddess, come to me?
“Because you are important, my girl.” She smiled down at me and for the first time, I could feel my body. But when I looked down, there was nothing. I was nothing. “Don’t think that. Your are something. You’re someone. Someone that people are already grieving for.”
Why?
“Because you made a difference. Not only to the families you saved, but the entire pack. If it wasn’t for you training the women, then your father’s pack would have fallen today. And this chance would of never come to be.”
This chance? What do you mean? I was confused.
“You aren’t dead. You are in a coma, or something like it. You can choose.” The goddess came closer, and the darkness lit up even more. 
Choose? 
Chapter Fifty Nine
“Yes, if you wanted to, you could move on. Or you could go back. It’s your choice.” The goddess held out a hand to me, but I didn’t have a hand. I looked down at her hand, and I wanted to reach out.
I don’t want to move on. I still have so much to do still.
“Yes. You do.” Her smile was radiant, and she reached closer and grabbed my hand. “Yes, you do.” She pulled me up. I went from being stuck in the abyss, with nobody, to being fully formed and in the light with her.
“I’m back.”
“You never left.” She giggled. “Now, let’s get you back to your body.” She spun me around and flung me, the goddess flung me, and I flew through the abyss, gaining speed until the world burst into color.
My eyes snapped open, and I took a breath in around the tube in my throat and I choked. My dad’s eyes snapped open, and he called for the doctor as I gagged. The doctor rushed in.
“Calm Amy. Stay calm. I’ll take it out, but give me a second.” I thrashed against the tube and my dad held my hands down as the doctor worked the tape from around my mouth. He counted down and pulled the tube from my throat and I could take my first gasping breath.
“Amy, baby girl, are you okay?” My dad grabbed my face and kissed my head. His hands still shook as he wrapped me into his arms and held me. “I was so worried.”
“The pups…” my voice rasped out.
“Are perfectly fine. They are with their parents. Who was also saved? I might add.” The doctor waited. “Alpha, let me check her over.” My father’s growl was swift, but I patted his back
“He needs to check me over.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 60
Chapter Sixty
“I just got you back.”
“I know, but he needs to do his job. I’m not going to disappear if you let me go.” I laughed and coughed. I waved the doctor over and pushed my dad back to his seat. “A little breathing room.”
“Fine.” He sat back in a huff, and the doctor came and checked me over.
“Looks like your wolf did the heavy lifting. You are completely back to full health.” He patted my hand. “You had us worried there.”
“Sorry.” I settled back into my bed. I turned to my father. “What happened?”
“You killed the last wolf and fell.”
I gave my father a look, and he sighed. “We aren’t sure yet. Ronnie is looking into it.”
“How did she get away from Beck?”
“What?”
“How did Aurora get away from Beck?” It was the one thing that was sticking out for me. “Even if she could use a spell with nothing or prep, she was tied up. She shouldn’t have been able to get free enough to hurt him.”
“What are you saying, Amy?” My father ran his hands through his hair.
“I’m not saying anything…yet.” I swiped my hands around the side of my bed, looking for the remote, but my father swatted my hand away and slowly raised my bed up so I was sitting. “I’m just saying I find it a little weird, is all. Ronnie and I left Beck and Aurora to come and save you. Aurora was weak, tied up, and fully secure. Unless she had somehow prepared a get a way before she was taken, or called in reinforcements, there is no way she could have overpowered Beck.”
“She could have used a spell.”
“I have barely touched the surface of my power, so you would know better than me, but every spell I looked at, other than the wisp spell, used preparation. They needed a fire, or candles, or other things to push the spell forward.”
“Most complicated spells would need prep, but it could be done ahead of time and then sealed in a talisman, necklace. So it’s possible.”
“Okay. I didn’t know.” I remembered Aurora’s necklaces and tried to settle my stomach.
“Talk to me.” 
like a
“It’s just…it’s not sitting well with me. Even if she was prepared for being caught, would she have prepared for everything? Being tied up with rope? Having to escape a cell and attacking the gamma of the pack. It seems like such a far leap that no one would be that prepared.” I could feel my face fall more and more until my brows were furrowed.
“She could have been…” My dad’s voice was a little hopeful
“I mean, you are completely right.” But my mind was already whirling onto the next facts. “But Aurora wouldn’t have had any knowledge of who was at post and who would’t be if you called the pack to the Agora. She also wouldn’t have been able to give the rogues any information about whom to attack and where.”
My father’s eyes danced around and then his face fell. “All the rogues attacked near places the women and children would hide.” I nodded along
4/2
Chapter Sarty
“It wouldn’t have been a very hard attack, but it would have shattered the pack.”
“If the pups, or mates, were killed, then the warriors would have shattered.” My father’s voice was dark, realization settling in.
“Isn’t Lynn the gamma female?”
“She is, but she isn’t Beck’s mates. He was still searching. She was just a transfer from another pack. Her father is
head. a close friend. She has done wonders, but Beck is still mateless.” My father explained, but I shook my “Not what I was thinking. But Lynn and Beck should work together, yet I never see them around each other.” “That’s because Lynn hates him.” He bent over his knees. “She has been trying to talk to me about him abusing his power for a while now, but I wouldn’t listen.”
“Why not?”
“He’s been my best friend since we were kids, Aim.
“And that makes a difference why? You job is to protect your pack.” I became agitated.
“I know. But I’ve known his since we were in diapers. He wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t do what you are suggesting.” My dad stood. “I might have been a shit alpha, but I know my friend.” He turned to leave but the door to my room burst open.
Ronnie stood
there, panting. “What’s wrong?” I pushed back my blankets and hopped off the bed.
“Beck…he’s…gone.” He panted and then fell to his knees. We both rushed to his side. The scent of blood and wolfsbane hit my nose once I got next to him.
“Let’s get him on the bed.” My father nodded and picked Ronnie up and went to the bed as I stepped into the hall, “Help! We need help down here.” I screamed down the hall and through the mind–link.
###Next D 61
Chapter Sixty–One
The doctor rushed in with a few nurses and started calling out directions. “Andrea cut off his top. We need to see the wound. Sarah, get the stitches cart and roll it in here.”
“Doc, there is wolfsbane in his blood.” My dad was pushed against the wall, trying to get out of the way for the nurse and doctor to work. The Doctor froze for a second, then nodded.
“Andrea, stop. I need you to start poison protocols.” We watched as they both stepped back and put on gloves and gowns. Something that is so normal with human doctors is so rare with ours. “Okay, let’s get back to it.” They both dove back to Ronnie. They finished cutting off his clothes and we could see the knife was hilt deep, and red lines radiated from the stab wound.
“How did this happen?” The doctor probed the wound, Ronnie screamed and passed out. The nurse came rolling back in with a cart. She rolled the cart to the doctor and was going to jump in, but he held up his hand. “Sarah, wait. I need you to go out and get a fifty fifty of saline and lupine extract.”
“What is that?” I asked, as Sarah gasped.
“It’s the only way we have to counteract wolfsbane in the system.” The doctor kept probing around the knife. “We need to get it started before we pull this out, so his wolf regains its strength.”
“Do whatever you have to do to save him.” Icould tell my father was running on fumes. After the attack and then staying with me, this is putting him over the edge.
“Dad. I have Ronnie. Go sleep.” I rubbed his back, but he shook his head.
“This is on me. I’m the Alpha and he is my best friend. I’m not leaving him.” My dad turned to me and wrapped his arms around me. “Thank you, though, pup. I appreciate the thought.” He kissed my temple as we watched the doctor and nurse work on a plan of attack as the second nurse ran in, wheeling a pole in. She headed to the side of the bed by us and set up a back of liquid. Once everything was ready, she grabbed his arm, found a vein, and pushed the needle in. She hissed as a drop of his blood came into contact with her thumb.
“Sarah!” The doctor rushed over. “There is a reason for the poison control we have in place.” Sarah shook her hand, but she finished setting his IV. Once she was finished, she ran to the sink and washed her hands before slipping on the gown and gloves and came back.
“Sorry, doctor, but I wasn’t going to wait.” He just nodded.
“The IV?”
“Is fully open and running quickly.” Sarah nodded.
“Good.” The doctor set up a sterile work area around the knife and had the nurse set up a tray for everything he might need. Once everything was ready and more than half the IV was gone, he looked at my dad. “We are ready.”
“Okay. Do it.” My father’s grip tightened around my shoulders.
The doctor wrapped his hand around the knife and pulled. Ronnie’s eyes flew open, and he sat up with a screamed. Blood poured from his side, and the room filled with the scent of wolfsbane and blood. Ronnie looked at my father and his face crumpled. “Why?” Then he dropped back down to the bed, unconscious.
My father made a tiny whimper in his throat. I rubbed his back, trying to reassure him, but Ronnie’s question ran through my mind over and over. “He wouldn’t ask us why.” I whispered more to myself, but my father turned to
me.
“What?” He stared down at me and I turned to face him.
Chapter Sixty One
“He wouldn’t have asked us why. He would understand why we had to pull the knife. He isn’t dumb.” I waited for my dad to catch up to where my mind was.
“I’m not following you, pup. I’m…” He growled.
“You are exhausted.” I rubbed his arm again. “But Ronnie knew he was stabbed, and he probably knew he was poisoned. He isn’t stupid.‘
“Right. Plus, I had him trained with me, which means he went through the same wolfsbane training I did.”
“Did E “Did Beck?”
“No. The Beta’s job is to die for the Alpha, the Gamma’s job is to die for the Luna. My father was very strict in the Alpha and Beta training, but he thought the Gamma was worthless.”
“Why?”
“Probably because he hated my mother by the time we came of age because I was an only child.”
“Did he know about the wolfsbane training?”
“Who?”
“Beck.” I think my brain was moving too quick for my father to keep up with.
“No. Most of the training, my father swore us to secrecy.”
“So he wouldn’t know that Ronnie would have been able to survive this?”
My father turned back to Ronnie on the bed. “No, he wouldn’t.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 62
Chapter Sixty–Two
The doctor was stuffing more and more gauze into the wound, throwing the blood–soaked ones to the ground. He became more and more panicked as the used gauze pile grew. “What’s wrong?” My father stepped up to the
bedside.
“It’s not closing.”
“What do you mean?” My father grabbed the Doctor’s arm, but he shook him off.
“The lupine saline should have flushed a lot of the wolfsbare from his system, but he’s still not healing. He’s losing too much blood.” The doctor shoved more gauze into the wound and looked up. Sweat beaded down his face and his eyes were wide. “1…I, I don’t think he will pull through.”
“Fuck that.” My dad grabbed both of his shoulders. “You save him.”
“Alpha…” The doctor shook himself. “We need blood then.”
“Take mine.” My father held out his arm, and the doctor shook his head.
“You are A positive, the beta is O negative. He can only take O negative blood.”
My father staggered back to a chair that was behind him. He slammed into the chair and dropped his head between his legs, almost defeated. “Take mine.” I held out my arm and my dad snapped his head up.
“What?”
“I’m Onegative. Take my blood. Save him.” I shook my arm in front of the doctor, and I watched as his shoulder sagged, and he nodded to Sarah.
She pulled me to the head of the bed and then pulled another chair over for me to sit in. She ran out of the room and came back with another package that she tossed onto the bed. She washed her hands and pulled on new gloves. Then she ripped open the package and pulled out a new IV. She grabbed my right arm and placed it on the bed next to Ronnie. “Thankfully, we are wolves.”
“What does that mean?” I watched her as she inserted the needle into my arm.
“It means if we were human, I’d have had to take your blood and run it through a ton of tests before it would be able to be used. With us being wolves, I can just hook you up directly to the Beta.” She attached my tube to his IV, and my blood flowed from me, directly into him. “Tell me if you start feeling dizzy.”
“Alpha, call for juice, water and protein for Amy. She will need to replenish her blood as we take it. We will need far more than she should normally give in one go.” My father nodded and he sat back, with in a few minutes, a cart of food was rolled in by an omega.
“Thank you Shantelle.”
“You are welcome Alpha.”
“Thank you. But don’t tell anyone what you saw here, Shantelle.” I smiled as gently as I could.
“Amy?” 
“I have a plan.” I looked at my dad and he nodded. I turned back to Shantelle. “Do you mind?” I started, and she shook her head.
“Go ahead Amy. I understand.”
I pulled my aura up and as gently as I could. “I command you not to tell anyone what you have seen here. You will
1/2
Chapter Sixty–Two
spread the word that the Beta is dead. Do as I command if anyone asks, but keep track of who asks you of the Beta’s condition and report it to me or my father instantly. Do you understand?”
Shantelle’s eye glazed over as the command took control. “Yes Alpha.”
“Dismissed.” I sent her on her way and tucked my aura back away.
“What are you planning?” My father leaned forward. I ignored the doctor and his nurses, knowing they would keep their mouths shut.
“I want whoever that did this to think they succeeded. I want them to think they got away with it. And I want to use this to trap them.”
“Amy? What is going on?” I drank down a juice and held up a hand as I quickly ate a sandwich. I felt a little lightheaded and needed to eat something. “I feel like you have figured out something and I am still fumbling around in the dark.”
I tried my best to meet his eyes, I really did, but I knew he wasn’t going to like what I was about to say. “It’s Beck, daddy.”
“What?”
“I need to you listen to what I’m going to say, without interrupting, and think before you jump to defend him. I need you to think clearly, without thinking about your past. Promise me.” I finally looked at him, and he gave me a quick nod. “Aurora escaped the Gamma, which should have been impossible for her strength. She also managed to attack him and put him down long enough to get off pack land, but he didn’t mind–link anyone. Ronnie found him unconscious by her cell.” I waited for him to nod before I went on. “Then there was the attack. The rogues knew intimate details of the pack and our procedures, stuff that Aurora alone wouldn’t have known. Something the Gamma would. And now, Beck is back up and running, and Ronnie is attacked, almost killed. Would have been killed without the secret training your dad put you two through.
###Next D 63
Chapter Sixty–Three
My father sank with each word. I watched as his world crumbled, and I was sorry for it. It wasn’t what I wanted, but it needed to be said. Beck had caused half the issues here. I was sure of it. “How can you be so sure?” His voice was soft, but his eyes held a tiny seed of hope.
“I’m not. But if he thinks Ronnie is dead, then we have a chance to catch him.” I gave him the tiny bit of hope. “I might be wrong. I am more than willing to be wrong. But all of what has happened isn’t sitting well with me. Something is wrong, and someone betrayed this pack. That person is the same one that attacked Ronnie.”
“You are making a leap.”
“No, I’m not.” I looked next to me to Ronnie. “Ronnie ran all the way from where he was attacked to my room. That gives me a bit of information. He trusted who attacked him, and because of the attack, it made him question everyone in the pack. If it was a rogue, he would have mind linked someone. But he didn’t. He ran straight to us,
to you.
“It doesn’t mean it was Beck.”
“It doesn’t. But he said Beck was gone. So either he ran, or he’s dead. And dead men don’t show back up if he finds out Ronnie is dead.”
“So if Beck shows back up…he’s guilty.”
“It would be a strong mark against him, but I would still wait for Ronnie to wake up and get his story. And I would work with Beck to get answers, too. I wouldn’t condemn a wolf just because he made me uneasy.” My father nodded, and I grabbed some water.
“This is going to take more time than I thought. Amy, I think to be safe you should just eat and drink continuously. Your wolf will help rebuild your blood supply as it empties, but you will need fuel for her to work.” The doctor was still pushing gauze into the wound.
“Has there been any change?” My dad stood and walked closer to the bed as I turned to the cart and started to eat the rest of the sandwiches.
The doctor gave a quick nod. “Not much, but the edges are starting to come together.”
“Dad?” I chugged another glass of water. But there was something missing from this cart. Something my body needed. Something in my body flipped. I could feel Nix begging to come out, even though she knew she couldn’t.
“Yeah darling?”
“Can you order me steak, a lot of steak? And more juice.” I tore into another sandwich, but I was suddenly starving. “I don’t even care if it’s cooked all the way.”
“Amy?” My dad came over to where I was at and looked at me, but I felt my eyes had shifted.
“I’m holding on to Nix but a thread. I don’t know what’s wrong. But I need meat. Now.” I tore into another sandwich.
The doctor paused. “You can’t shift Amy. I know you’re newly shifted, and it’s impossible to control your wolf, but if you shift, Ronnie will die.” I nodded and refocused on the food.
As long as I kept eating, I would be fine. I hoped. What the hell was going on?
It’s Ronnie’s wolf, Logan. He’s finally awake. He says they need protein to heal, so he is sending the craving to us, but he’s a little more powerful than he realizes, and Megan is insatiable. Which is making me the level head in our trio, and I’m too close to the surface. You’re feeling Megan’s need. Nix’s voice trembled with need, but she sunk
+25 BONUS
Chapter Sixty–Three
her claws into me, refusing to shift.
“Logan is awake and is sending his need for protein to me. His only thought is to heal Ronnie.” I grabbed for another sandwich, but the cart was empty. My eyes raced over the cart. “Fuck.” I trembled with need.
“Amy, it’s okay. They are almost here.” My father sunk down in front of me. “Hold on baby girl.”
I shook my head. “I can’t.” I felt my face start to shift. “The need is too much.” My bones shifted more until my father pierced my leg with one of his claws. I screamed and my eyes snapped back to his.
I could see the pain there, but his voice was strong. “Stay with me, baby girl. Focus on my eyes. The omegas are almost done with the first cart of meat. They are running as fast as they cart. But I need you to stay here with me. Okay.” He went to pull his claw out of my leg, but I could already feel my bones trying to shift. I grabbed his hand and forced his claw deeper into my leg. “Amy.”
I tossed my head and grimaced. “I won’t let Ronnie die.”
Today’s Bonu
###Next D 64
Chapter Sixty–Four
I shivered for the next ten minutes, waiting for the cart of food. I focused solely on my father’s eyes, the pain, my breathing. “You can do this, baby girl.” I nodded and bared my teeth.
“Fuck.” I screamed as another wave hit my body. My bones shifted, and I pushed my father’s claw deeper.
and
“Amy, I think the claw is counter intuitive. You’re bleeding yourself, and losing more blood than you should.” The doctor came over and tried to intervene, but I just growled.
“If you want me to shift, then remove the claw. I’m doing what I can to stop that from happening.” I felt my face shift, and I screamed again, pushing his claw deeper.
Finally, the door flew open, and a girl covered in dirt came in with the cart. “What the hell happened to you, Marnie?”
“There was a scuffle outside, but I was able to get through. She panted as she brought the food closer. I dove for a steak and bit into it. The juices flooded my mouth, and I groaned. I was lost to the food until my father stood up.
I looked up after my fifth steak and everyone was staring at me. “What?”
“Nothing. It was just…” The doctor turned back to the wound and pulled out the gauze.
“Impressive.” My father choked out as he covered his mouth. He turned back to Marnie. “Talk to me.”
“There was a group of pack members outside, grieving the beta. The Gamma tried to stop me from coming in, but I told him that I was on orders from you to bring this directly to Amy. He tried to grab the cart, but some of the pack members heard us talking and got involved. The gamma grabbed me and slammed me to the ground, but more pack members surrounded him, including the beta and gamma females, Lynn and Tina. I was able to grab the cart and run up here.” Marnie shifted from foot to foot. I don’t understand what’s going on, Alpha.”
“Beck is outside?” My father looked at me, and I stared at the shivering girl. A new gnawing sensation started in my gut. I stood, panting, but my father stepped in front of me. “Marnie, can you go back to the kitchens, but send another omega to deliver the meals, okay?” She nodded and left the room, and my father turned to me. “Calm baby girl. You need to calm yourself. We don’t know the truth yet, and your emotions are way too elevated right
now.”
I felt myself snarl and shift again, but my dad pointed next to me. I looked over to Ronnie where my father was pointing and I felt Nix pull back with another snarl. I nodded and settled back down with another steak. “You’re right.” I bit into the steak and closed my eyes, rocking with the need to shift and take retribution.
Megan feels bloodthirsty. So do I. Logan is sending us everything he can’t handle while healing Ronnie, but we have never had to deal with this before. Logan has more experience pushing back the need to shift, but because we are linked through blood, the need is overwhelming us. He wants revenge, but he is solely focused on healing his human. We are sorry. Nix’s voice was ragged with her need, but I just bit into another steak.
“It’s okay. I can handle it.” I managed to answer as I ate.
“What baby?” My dad turned around and faced me as I ate.
“Nix…struggling with Logan’s need to shift…and revenge. She apologized for not pulling back more, but Logan is bloodthirsty.” I choke out around my food.
“Logan’s never bloodthirsty, he ois my voice of reason.” My father’s face was a mask of confusion and I laughed.
“Not this time. What ever happened, he is tiled up. But he’s using everything he has to heal Ronnie, then I think you will have to be his voice of reason. He won’t stop until he has his retribution.” I tore into the last steak as the door opened. Another round of meat came in.
Chapter Sixty–Four
“Alpha…the gamma is blocking the omegas from coming in after this cart he said.” The omega gulped. “I tried to reason with him. It was on your command, but he said that unless you come out and give him an order, he assumes we are lying.”
“What the fuck?” My father growled and his eyes flashed.
“I think he assumes something is up. Whether with me, or he wants to be sure Ronnie is for sure dead.” I waved over the omega, who swaps out the cart, “Lie. Say its me, awake but weak. What ever you need to convince him that Ronnie is gone, so you have to be convincing” I start on the third cart of food as I feel the pressure to shift ease a bit. “I’ll watch over Uncle Ronnie.”
“Okay.” Then he was gone.
###Next D 65
Chapter Sixty–Five:
Chapter Sixty–Five
I continued eating, and finally, after the full third cart, the need to shift stopped. I looked up at the doctor, amazed, but he was still working on Ronnie’s wound. But something changed, something eased. I felt a soft graze
hand on the bed and I turned to look at my uncle, and Ronnie was staring at me. I smiled. “Hi.”
at my 
“Hey.” He looked tired, but his tired voice had the nurse and doctor jolting.
“You’re awake.” The doctor smiled.
Ronnie nodded and his eyes drifted close. “Thanks to this beautiful pup.” His eyes glowed grey as his wolf came forward. “Thank you pup. You saved both of us while dealing with my needs, and I know it wasn’t easy.”
“I’d do anything for you, Logan. You and Ronnie are my uncle.” I smiled, but I felt a punch to my gut and I knew something was wrong. I stood on shaky legs and faced the door. “I need Ronnie in the bathroom. Sarah, can you stay with him?” 
“What?” The doctor looked at Ronnie and then back at me. We can’t move him. He’s in no shape to move.”
I turned and rushed to the side of the bed near the washroom. “We don’t have a choice. Something is coming, and if he isn’t hidden, then we will all be dead.” I didn’t know how I knew, but I did. The doctor paled, but then he nodded. Ronnie threw back his blankets, and I grabbed him in my arms. “Are you ready?”
Ronnie nodded and grunted as I lifted him. “What’s going on, pup?”
“I don’t know. I just have this feeling of dread in my gut. Something or someone is coming.” I carried him to the bathroom and sat him down on the toilet. Sarah came on behind me with gauze. She knelt next to him and pressed new gauze to his wound.
I kissed his head and closed the door after me, but I could still scent him in the room. I looked around, but I didn’t know what to do. “What’s wrong?” The doctor came over.
“I can only smell Ronnie in this room.” I turned my panicked eyes toward him. “What are we going to do?”
The doctor and nurse jumped into action. The nurse ran into the bathroom and I heard Ronnie grunt. “What are you doing?” His voice was tired but resigned.
“Hiding your scent Beta” Then she was backing out of the room on her hands and knees. She poured out something out of a bottle and wiped it up instantly with a towel she grabbed.
The doctor ripped off his gown, mask and gloves and, with another bottle, he washed himself as much as possible before donning another set. The gauze was picked up from the floor and wrapped in a garbage bag and stuffed deep into the trash before it, too, was soaked with the mysterious liquid.
“What are you doing?”
“Using antiseptic to take away as much of his scent as possible. Now get into the bed and act hurt.” The doctor shoed me back as the nurse and he finished. I pulled in more scent, but I could still smell Ronnie.
I shook my head as I tried to figure out what to do, but the feeling in my gut hit an all–time high and I panicked. I searched for anything I could think of to help and my fingers felt something that might save us in my pocket. I pulled out the vial of wolfsbane from my pocket. The one I always keep on me to poison my food, to train like my father trained. The one he gave me. I almost cried in relief.
I turned to the doctor. “I’m going to need you to get more pine solution, Doc.”
“What? Why?” He turned back to me from where he was standing by the door and I watched as his eyes widened.
“Don’t let me die.” I shifted my hand and clawed at my stomach, and then I poured some of the wolfsbane on to
Chapter Sixty–Five
the wound. The instant sizzle from the poison touching my skin was instant, and I wanted to cry out, but I just gritted my teeth. I drew in a deep breath, but this time I only got my scent, my blood, and the wolfsbane. “Scent the room now.”
? 
The nurse and doctor paled, but listened to me. They finally sagged when they turned to me. The doctor’s voice was shaky when he said. “I only smell you.”
“Good.” My body shook. “Now treat me. Now matter who or what comes in here. You swear I am the only patient.” I pushed my aura into my words, the alpha commanding them to lie. I saw the hurt in their eyes and 1 wanted to ease it. “It’s not because I don’t trust you. But who ever is about to come here will try anything to get the truth.” I saw the words settle, and they nodded and got to work.
###Next D 66
Chapter Sixty–Six
Chapter Sixty–Six
The IV was changed from the one I had to a fresh bag of saline and lupine. I felt the rush of cold fill my arm as the solution went to work, counteracting the wolfsbane. Then the doctor and nurse started in on my wounds. They weren’t healing. Which is exactly what I needed them to do. Sure, I could have not made them as deep as I did, but I needed this to be believable.
“Fuck.” The doctor looked up and me and I smiled. The nurse realized that she still had on her old gloves and gown, and she quickly changed. I wanted just another level of safety and I mentally flipped through the book of shadows I was working on memorizing and I found a spell, one that was undetectable once it settled. It sealed a room. So I looked to the bathroom door and focused on it. I had nothing that was needed for the spell, not the fire, nor the supplies, but I had to try.
I closed my eyes, held out my hand, and whispered. Selta sealter bog forshire. I felt it settle on the bathroom door and sighed in relief.
The nurse came back to the bed, and the door flew open. The doctor and nurse turned to the door, and I screamed.
My father came in and turned to look around the room. His eyes widened when he saw me, and he took a deep breath. I watched his face settle a bit before he turned to the door and waited. Beck walked in, and two women followed him. The one that looked my age was a wolf, but the older one, the older woman, was something else.
Witch.
The word bounced around in my head and I knew I was right. The older woman was a witch. She shuffled in and I could hear her whisper to the younger woman. I watched as Beck and the other wolf scented the room, but I knew he would only smell me.
The pit in my stomach grew. I watched as the older woman let go of one of her many necklaces. She was prepared to release a spell on everyone in the room if they had found Ronnie, which I think they expected.
H
‘Daddy? Why did you bring these people here? The doctor is still trying to heal my wounds.” My voice quivered with the pain. I felt the nurse move my hand under the blanket slowly and I was confused, but didn’t draw any attention to the move.
“The gamma here wanted to see that you were okay before he allowed any more food here.” I looked down and shivered. I moved the blanket and saw why the nurse covered my hand. It was still covered in my blood. I looked up at her, and she met my eyes. She gave a tiny nod, and I turned back to the group at the door.
Mye
eyes
narrowed. “You’re the reason the omegas can’t come here to give me the food my wolf needs to heal?”
Beck fumbled with his words, but the other wolf stepped in “As Gamma of this pack, he insured the Alpha was protected.”
I laughed. “Since when has it ever been the job of the Gamma to protect the Alpha of the pack? His entire life is dedicated to a luna who isn’t here.” I watched their reactions. Beck’s face darkened with rage but stayed blank. But her face, her face tightened when I brought up the luna. “And who are you to step in when I was questioning the gamma?” I narrowed my eyes and stared the woman down She looked oddly familiar.
“My name in Amara.” She straightened her shoulders. “Beck is my mate.”
“Beck’s mate…you never mentioned a mate, Beck.” I turned my head to Beck, who just nodded. I tilted my head.” Amara, you aren’t questioning why I get to question the gamma or his mate…which makes me feel like you know who I am.”
“You are the alpha’s daughter.” But her answer was too quick.
Something wasn’t right. But it was her name that was bouncing around in my mind. Amara…Amara…where have I
Chapter Sity Six 
seen that name before? I turned back to look at her and the familiarity hit me again. I drew in a breath as the doctor got back to work and, over the scent of my blood and antiseptic, their scents hit me. She was a rogue.
I looked at my father, who was silently staring at the trio, but then something odd happened.
Theard a whisper in my car.
“Clear your mind, girl, Take in a deeper breath. Use the power gifted to you by the goddess.” My grandmother’s voice came to me, as did the feeling of her hand on my shoulder. She was guiding me to figure out something I was missing.
###Next D 67
Chapter Sixty–Seven
Chapter Sixty–Seven
I closed my eyes and cleared my mind from everything. The pain disappeared into the background. I could feel the doctor still working. I could still feel the burn of the wolfsbane. I could still hear everything around me, but the room faded away.
I drew in deeper breaths, clearing my nose of my blood and antiseptic and focusing solely on the people in front of me. I pushed my father’s scent to the side and Becks. I narrowed in on the two women.
The older women smelled ancient, powerful, and very cunning. She was using power to keep herself alive. Dark power. But the younger wolf she was something else. She smelt as familiar as she looked. Nix and Megan sifted through the scents in the room with me. But it was Megan who found the answer. She smells like Aurora. They both do.
eyes as the My eyes snapped open, and I stared at the two wonen in front of me. The older woman had the same two women. But Amara, Amara had dark hair, but she had the same eyes and nose as Aurora. They could have been twins.
They were. I remember going through Aurora’s paperwork in my mother’s office, and I remember she had a sister Amara listed. But anytime I wanted to remember the fact that Aurora had a sister, something was making my mind turn away from the fact. Like there was something that wanted me to forget it. My eyes settled on the older woman and I felt the squeeze on my shoulder.
Same eyes.
This woman was their grandmother.
Nix let out a growl, and Megan howled. What’s wrong? I called to them. But then I felt it, something biting along my insides. My eyes met the older woman, and I saw her eyes widen.
“It’s the cleaving.” My grandmother’s words came to me and my mind flashed to the page in the book with the spell. It’s a spell to sever the ties between human and wolf. The human feels nothing until her wolf is dead, and it is already too late. “Remember the counterspell.” Her soft voice called to me. “Before it’s too late.”
Nix and Megan both howled in pain as I tried to remember what it was. A page flashed in my mind and I opened my eyes to stare the old woman down. “Alta nim for cle de magh.” The biting stopped in my mind and my wolves settled. But the woman paled. “Did you think I wouldn’t notice?”
Η
“L” She stumbled back, but I slammed my power and aura out, causing everyone in the room to drop to their
knees.
“Amy?” My father turned to me, as he was the only one leftupright on his knees, then the rest were on the ground. “What’s going on?”
“I’ll ask again…did you think I wouldn’t notice?” I felt the pine solution take enough of the wolfbane out of my system enough that I could heal, so I told Nix to heal me slowly as I stood. I walked closer to the three people by the door. The old woman turned paler as she watched as my wounds slowly healed.
“How?” Her jowls bobbed as she swallowed.
“How?” Amara and Beck asked at the same time. I saw Amara and Beck scenting the air, and the wolfsbane were still in the air, still in my blood.
“How are you still healing yourself?” Beck tried to stand, but I pounded my aura into him and his wolf whimpered.
I knelt in front of them all and pulled back my power enough so that they could sit back on their heels. “How am I healing myself because I have wolfsbane in my blood? Or how am I still healing myself when Amara’s grandmother was supposed to cleave my wolf from me and kill it?”
1/2
Chapter Sixty–Seven
My
father rose to his feet with a snarl. “You tried the cleaving on my daughter?”
Beck’s eyes widened. “You knew?”
“Oh Beck, I’m surprised by you.” I smiled over at him. “If you want to stage a coup. Then you need to know the strength of all of your opponents.
“A coup?” My father paced. “Tell me she’s wrong, Beck.” My father clenched his fists at his side and turned to face the three on their knees with me. The doctor and nurse long forgotten. “Tell me she’s just young and foolish. Tell me she is misunderstanding this. TELL ME SHE’S WRONG BECK.”
But Beck just sneered and turned his face to his mate. “Amara, I love you.‘
My father raged, and half shifted as he screamed again. “You were my brother, one of my best friends.”
“One of our best friends.” Ronnie had silently opened the door to the bathroom, breaking the seal on the door.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 68
2/2
Chapter Sixty–Eight
“You’re dead.” Ronnie screamed and tried to stand. T
“You didn’t do a good enough job.” Ronnie scoffed as he walked out, finally completely healed. He stomped over to my father, clearly hanging on to his anger by a thread. “I came here to tell Gavin that you betrayed us. Him. But thankfully Amy saw behind your mask before any of us could have.” Ronnie came over to me and kissed my forehead. “Thank you pup.”
“How are you alive?” Beck screamed, veins in his neck bulging.
“I saved him.” I looked up next to my father and Ronnie. “My blood saved him. He made it here, even though you betrayed him. Even though you surprised him and attacked him. Even though you poisoned him, he was strong enough to make it here, and the doctor and nurses saved him. And do you want to know why?”
“Why he’s alive?” I nodded. “YOU JUST SAID IT!”
I laughed. “He could make it here because my grandfather wasn’t stupid enough to include you in the training he did. He might have been a horrible father, but he recognized who you were deep down.” I lifted my hand to trace my finger down Beck’s face. “You could have all lived well here, the Gammas of this pack, cared for even. The best friend of the Alpha and Beta. You could have thrived here.” I turned to Amara and her grandmother. “You could” have used your power to help this pack thrive and you would have been rewarded.” I felt my eyes shift to the golden hue of Nix’s and my voice grew smokey. “Now you, Amara, Aurora, and their grandmother are all going to die.” I watched as the two women reacted. Their eyes grew wider, and I smirked. I grabbed a tendril of her hair and twirled it around my finger. “Come now. Amara, you are the mirror image of Aurora. Dark to her light. But wicked to the bone, same as her.” I dropped her hair and reached for the older woman.
“Don’t touch me.” Her voice was firm, but it still trembled with her fear.
“Your power won’t help you now.” I snatched all the necklaces from around her neck and I yanked. Chains and threads snapped, amulets and beads flying around the room as both women screamed. “You won’t be needing any of these where you are going.”
“My spells!” The hag tried to bend down to collect the shattered pieces of her power, but she was still stuck within my grasp. I grabbed the few necklaces around Amara’s neck and yanked those free as well.
“You.” I pointed to the older woman, “When you die, you will fade on to the next life and may the gods have better judgement than they did this time. You don’t deserve to have any power until you learn how to wield it without harm. But you Amara, you and Aurora have to answer to the Moon Goddess herself. She blessed you with your wolf and power. Yet somehow you still turned from her path and betrayed her people, your people.” I leant in and whispered into her ear as she trembled next to me. “I don’t think she will be as forgiving as she is known to be,”
“You don’t know that.” Her voice was small.
I felt a second hand touch my shoulder, and I saw a blinding light flash as a tingling sensation took over my forehead. There were a few gasps that went around the room and Amara sat back on her heels, Beck slumped against my hold and Amara’s grandmother prayed to the three–headed goddess she worshiped.
“Moon blessed.” I hear a nurse whisper, and I turned to look at my father.
“Daddy?” I tilted my head as Ronnie’s mouth dropped open and my father smiled as he took out his phone and snapped a picture. “What are you doing? What’s wrong?”
He turned his phone so that I could see. I was kneeling on the floor. My eyes were still golden, my black hair was a mess, my face a mask of confusion. But blazing on my forehead was a silver crescent moon. The moon shone as if a fire burned behind it. “Nothing is wrong. Just the Goddess herself agreeing with you.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Sixty–Eight
“I look a mess.” I absently said as I studied the moon on my face.
You are stunning, baby girl.” My dad pulled back his phone.
“I can’t walk around with a glowing moon on my forehead. “I could feel the worry bubbling up, but my father just chuckled.
“It’s already fading. I think she was just supporting you.” turned back to the three on the ground and I could see the fight had gone out of them. My dad crouclied down next to me. “Now. Why did you betray me?” But Beck just glared back at my father. Ronnie helped me to my feet, and the door opened to warriors. “Take these three to the cells. I’l deal with them later.”
###Next D 69
Chapter Sixty–Nine
Once the warriors moved the three out of the room, the doctor and nurses checked both Ronnie and me out once
and then they left as well. I finally collapsed against the bed, and Ronnie and my father came to stand in
more
front of me.
“Are V
you alright?” My dad stared down at me until I nodded
“I am just exhausted. How are you handling everything?” gestured to the both of them.
My dad turned to Ronnie and clapped him on the shoulder. I’d never question you, but I have to ask. Are you sure?” I could hear the hope in his voice. Even after everything that had just happened, he was hopeful.
“Am I sure I know who stabbed me in my stomach?” Ronde gave a tired chuckle. “Yeah Gay, I am.” He sagged next to me on the side of the bed. “I checked on him after the Agora and the attack. He was in bed, but healed. I told him about the attack and he played it off as if he knew nothing. With all the injured coming into the hospital, he got dressed.” He looked over at me. “Your dad mind–linked me you were in here, and non–responsive and I lost my mind. I went hunting.”
‘Hunting? For what?” I nudged his shoulder.
“For Aurora.” He tossed out. “I wasn’t going to let that woman go after she let rogues attack us. Not after you
Wat.” He clenched his fists. “Beck said he wanted to come with me. And I let him. We searched the town and
followed her scent into the trees.” Ronnie stared at my father. “Once we were out far enough that no one could hear me, he attacked. We were in wolf form and I was winning, but he shifted. So I did too.”
“Ron!”
H 
“I know it was stupid, but I wanted to ask why.” He stood and paced. His anger was so high. “He was our best friend. We grew up together and randomly he was attacking me and I needed to know why. But he had planned for it. He stabbed me once I shifted, and he laughed. He said that he was sorry, but he knew I would never turn my back on you.” Ronnie grabbed my father. “This was a plan to bring you down. Not the pack. He said he told the rogues to keep the deaths to a minimum. This attack was to end you and Amy. After he said that, I shifted and ran.!
“And you came here?” My dad shook his head in disbelief.
“I needed to tell you.” Ronnie pointed out and looked to me like my father was an idiot and he was.
“Dad…I don’t know if you realize this, but you are the alpha” I laughed at the absurdity of my statement.
“I know that pup.”
“And you are Uncle Ronnie’s best friend. And Alpha. It was his duty to protect this pack and you add in you are best friends. Of course he would head here. If it was the other way around and he was the alpha, wouldn’t you?”
My father nodded. “Of course.” Ronnie and I threw up our hands.
“Then why are you so surprised he would do it for you? You know we love you. You are the most important person in this pack. To us.” I wrapped my arms around him.
“Well, my mate is the most important to me, but you are second. But to this pack, our way of life, you are the number one.” Ronnie patted my dad’s back.
“We need to find out why they betrayed you all.” I pulled away.
We also need to find Aurora.”
But my dad shook his head. “Aurora will show back up in due time. And I don’t need to know why they betrayed me, just that they did. We will be more vigilant for rogues the near future.”
Chapter Soty Nine
“Dad, you can’t let this go.” But my father was already pulling away. He turned and shared a look with Ronnie. Dad. We have to find out why.”
“No pup.
We don’t. Ronnie told me the King is heading here soon, and I will speak with him about everything that happened here. It’s too similar to what happened before.”
“Before?” I looked between the two men. “Like when the last king died?” My dad nodded slowly.
“It seems we didn’t catch everyone that betrayed us, and they are starting again.” My dad walked to the window and stared out. “But that doesn’t matter now.
“What do you mean?”
“What matters now is to finish copying the book from your grandmother and then…”
“And then what?” I followed him to the window and I saw his look of devastation before he closed his face off.
“And then I send you home. You have mastered what you needed to here…and now it’s time to face your last life.”
###Next D 70
Chapter Seventy
1 staggered back from his blow. I shook my head slowly. “I don’t want to go back yet.” I grabbed for his hand but he crossed his arms. “Daddy, I’m not ready.”
I watched closely as he closed his eyes, as if my words hurt, but I watched as he pulled himself together. “If it was my choice, pup, I wouldn’t make you go back. But your mother has been messaging these last few days. She says she needs you home. Sooner rather than later. It seems like something is going on and I need eyes there.” He wrapped his arms around my shivering body. “You are a strong, amazing alpha. You will make such a strong luna, Amy.” 1
“I’m weak.”
e so
“No baby. You were never weak. Not even in your first life would I believe you were ever weak, but now, now you have your wolf. You have your power. You still have so much growing to do. You are still so young. But you are strong.” I closed my eyes as I listened to his words. He was right. This time around, I was stronger than I was in the past. I have Nix, Megan and my power gifted by the goddess.
I pulled away and straightened my shoulders. “You are right.” I wiped at the stray tear that fell. “I am stronger than I was last time. Brandon and Shannon won’t be able to trick me. They won’t be able to betray me because I won’t trust them.”
“That’s my girl.” My dad tried to smile but I saw the fear behind his eyes, the fear and the longing. 
“I’ll figure out what is going on and when I get to the truth of everything. I’m going to tell mom.”
“No.” My father shook his head. “Your mother doesn’t need to be involved.”
“She is a luna. She is your mate and my mother. She raised me to be a strong, level–headed alpha, and she deserves the truth.” I watched as his face shut down again and I didn’t want to push it. “But fine. I won’t tell her anything she doesn’t need to know.”
He gave a jerky nod. “Good.” He leaned in and kissed me. He looked over at Ronnie. “How are you feeling?”
“Like shit. I was just almost gutted by a man I thought was my brother.” Ronnie laughed. “How would you be feeling?” My dad huffed out a laugh. “Why?”
“Well, we have a pack to handle. A book to copy. A pup to return.” He looked down at me and ran his hand through my hair. “And a king to get ready for.”
Ronnie stood from the side of the bed and shook his shoulder. I saw the mind–linked someone, and he walked to the door. He pulled it open, and I ran into Cassie’s arms.
“You’re okay?”
“Of course, I kicked ass. Thanks for your training.” Cassie pulled back and looked me over. “You look like shit.”
of
“Yeah well. What do you expect?” I looked over her shoulder at Greyson. “Hey Greyson.”
“Hey Ainy.” He looked at Ronnie, but Lynn and Tina followed suit and Tina nearly tackled Ronnie to the floor.
“Are you stupid? Are you asking to die? How could you?” I turned to watch as she check Ronnie over, her panic and anger making her rough. I sometimes forget that Tina is Ronnie’s mate. They met when she transferred here from another pack a few years ago and I haven’t been around them much together.
“Babe…I’m fine.” Ronnie grabbed her arms and looked over her head at me. “Amy saved me.”
Tina whirled and tackled me next. Her tears were fresh. “Thank you.” She sobbed into my cliest. This strong woman brought me to my knees with her tears.
1/2
Chapter Seventy
“Always.” I hugged her and then helped her back to her feet. “Uncle Ronnie is my family. And you are too.” She smiled briefly before being pulled back by her mate.
“I was terrified.” She whispered.
“I know. I was too. I’m sorry.” Ronnie hugged her.
My father cleared his throat awkwardly. “How about we all cave you guys alone?”
Ronnie chuckled, but shook his head. “Walt.” He hugged Tina to his chest. “I called everyone here for a reason. Greyson is the second Gamma. Cassie is his mate, and the new gamma female along with Lynn.‘
My dad nodded as I turned to face Cass, I looked down at her neck and I saw the beginnings of her mating mark on her neck. I squealed and grabbed her arins, jumping. “When?”
“When you were dying in a bed.” Cass smacked me. “Never do that to me again.”
“I promise.” I hugged her and patted Greyson on his shoulder. “Good job.” He smiled and grabbed Cass around the waist.
“I know.” His smile was wide.
###Next D 71
Chapter Seventy One
Chapter Seventy–One
My father coughed. “Okay.” He called out, and we all turned back to the room.
Anyway, I hate a few thoughts.” Ronnie’s face fell into netral lines. “Greyson and Cass take over as the lead Gamma pair, and if Lynn is okay with it, she travels back with Amy under the guise of finding her mate.!
11 
The room grew silent. I could tell Lyun was thinking about. “Would I be able to come back with my mate?” Her question caught me off guard.
“Would you want to come back?” My father’s voice was measured.
She turned to look at Greyson and Cass. “I don’t nt to insult you two. You both are amazing, and you have grown so much since we started training. But you two aren strong enough to be the main Gamma pair.” Cass smiled and looked up at Greyson.
“We aren’t insulted. We know. We are both still very young and Cass just became ranked. We lead the warriors, as second gammas should. We don’t think we would be strong enough to protect the luna.” Cass’s voice was matter of fact and Greyson nodded, agreeing.
Lynn turned back to my father. “I know you don’t have a luna right now, as she is in the Oakenfang pack that Amy but the is returning to.” She turned to me. “If you would have me, I would come with you, to protect not only you, true luna of our pack. But once the mission is over, I would like to return to take my place, mate or not, still protecting the luna.” 
My father considered her words before looking at Ronnie. Tina and Ronnie both nodded, and as his eyes skipped the room, I did too. Lynn was the Gamma female for this pack, and with her brief speech she had declared her loyalty. I knew I could protect myself and my mother if she betrayed us. Finally, my father turned back to Lynn. You have shown where your loyalties were in the attack and now. Mate or not, you may return to our pack.
Lynn smiled briefly before she turned back to me. “And you?” 
I nodded. “Of course you can come.” I grinned as I watched her shoulders sag in relief. “Were you worried?” She cleared her throat. “I have been a little lost here, to be honest. Without a Luna, I was a little out of place. But when you came here and started training the females, I finally felt like I had a mission. With you leaving, I was worried I was going to be cut adrift again. But with this, now I have a new mission, and I feel relieved.”
1 grabbed her shoulder. “I get it. And I am a little relieved that I will have someone I can trust. And someone I can talk to about everything.” Cass made a noise, but I laughed. “I won’t be able to call or write anything in my letters,
someone can listen in or read it.”
35 
“I know.” Her voice was sulky, and I couldn’t hold in my laugh.
“No sulking. You are still my best friend. But it will be nice to have a friend in my other pack”
“Fine.” Cass turned to Lynn. “You better take care of our girl.”
Lynn just smirked. “I will.”
“Fine.” Cass turned back to my father. “What do you need from us, Alpha?”
“Nothing for now. Keep up the training once Amy leaves and you will be great.” My dad smiled and patted her on the head. He pushed through the crowd and headed out of the room. “Now let’s get back to the pack house and finish what we have to. I want Amy headed back to her mom tomorrow, if possible.”
“Wait.” I called out and waited for my dad to turn. “I want to check on the families I saved.”
He waved his hand towards me, and we headed next door. He knocked, and we waited for a weak answer. “Come
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy–One
in.”
We both walked into the room and the kids screamed my name and ran over, hugging me. I dropped to my knee and hugged them both. “Amy. You’re okay.” The little boy, Ry, cried.
“Of course I am, sweet boy.” I checked them both over and wiped at their tears.
“I listened to you. I ran with May.” His tears kept coming, and I hugged him to my chest.
“You did, perfect buddy. You saved May. You should be so proud of yourself. You are the nest big brother a girl could have.”
The two kids pulled me over to their parents, where I sat down in between the two beds. “You saved our pups.” The mom grabbed my hand.
“You saved us.” The dad croaked. “Thank you.”
“It was my pleasure.” I sat with them a little while longer, then I checked on the second family.
“It’s time to go, pup.” My dad came over when he saw me yawn for the third time. I nodded, then said my goodbyes.
###Next D 72
Chapter Seventy–Two
“Daddy…I don’t want to leave you like this.” I tried one last chance.
“I know, pup. But your mom needs you.” He looked worried. “She wouldn’t have asked for you unless it wasn’t important. And she has been pretty Insistent. In all the years she sent you here, she has never once acted like this. We always had this unspoken rule that we would never keep you from the other.”
“I know.” I started to worry about my mother, too, “But I don’t like leaving you with this mess.”
“I’ll be fine. I have Ronnie, and the rest.” He grabbed my hand and pulled me up the stairs of the pack house. “But your mother is alone. So I need you to go back and take care of her for me, since I can’t.” I stumbled as we went and he stopped and picked me up.
“Dad!”
“Sorry pup. I know your tired. I am too.”
“Then why don’t you go to bed too?” I huffed as he nudged ny bedroom door open and dropped me on to the bed.
“Because I have to take the rest of the night and copy my grandma’s spell book so that when you leave, you can take it with you.” He kissed my forehead. “Where is the book?” 
“In my safe.” I pushed deeper into my bed and pulled the surrounding blankets. I would worry about the bloodstains later.
“Code?”
“Momma’s birth year, yours and mine.”
“Got it.” My dad punched in the code and pulled the book out. “I’ll get this back to you by morning.” He kissed my head again, but I was already falling asleep. “Goodnight baby.”
I mumbled something back, but I was lost in the darkness. I was running through the dark trees. I knew that if I stopped, I would be caught, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to be caught, not yet anyway.
“I can smell you, mate.” I heard a dark voice call through the trees. A voice that sounded familiar but not. Like if I tried, I could figure out who it was, but right this second, my body pushed me to head away from him. “I will give you a few more minutes to run and hide. But once the time is up, I will find you. And you will be mine.” His deep voice called to me and I stumbled. His words weren’t a threat, they were a promise, one that made my middle clench with a newfound need.
I wavered in the deep night. I had the urge to turn back, to run to the voice, to see the face that called to my soul. But my
wolves were pushing me to run, to play, and I listened.
My body shifted from my two feet to Nix’s four, and she ran between the trees. Her smokey voice called out. Catch me if you think you can.” Her laughter filled the darkness with a challenge of her own and I could hear his responding pur. Another jolt of need shot through my body. This was a man that would claim us.
“I know I can catch you, little rabbit. You can run as fast as you want, but you will be under me before the night is up.” I could hear the need in his voice. “I’ve waited long enough to find you and I won’t be letting you leave this forest unmarked.” The deep voice bellowed out, “Three.” could feel goosebumps break out along my body. Nix pushed faster, dodging the trees at a breakneck pace. “Two. His voice was far, but I couldn’t let up. We knew that as soon as he gave chase, he would be fast. “One. Time’s up, rabbit. Here I come.” I heard the distant sound of a shift.
A thrill went through our body, and Nix pushed harder. Herclaws digging into the dirt for more leverage. I could hear someone crashing through the trees behind me, and it pushed me to my limits. Who ever was following me
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy–Two
was fast. Very fast. Megan and I were pushed to the back of our mind, so that Nix could solely focus on the chase. She pushed herself and pur body to the very limits.
We ran for what felt like hours. Every once in a while, there was a flash of silver through the trees, and I knew that once we broke through the trees, there would be a lake. We were so close to the water that the air grew heavy with water. We were almost out of the trees, the end of at the play area. If we breached the trees, the chase would be
over.
“There you are, mate.” I heard the deep voice from my left and the smell of pine and cinnamon hit me right before I was tackled to the ground. “Got you.”
###Next D 73
Chapter Seventy–Three
1 woke with a start, jolted up from my bed, and clutched my heaving chest. What the heck was that? I searched my room, sure that I would find the black wolf with bright blue eyes there, but I was alone.
“What was that?” I dropped back to my bed and huffed out a laugh. Just remembering his voice had my skin breaking out in goosebumps. I closed my eyes and his eyes flashed in my mind. “Who are you?”
There was a knock at the door and I sat up again, pushing the mysterious wolf out of my brain. I got up and looked down at my ruined sheets. “The blood.” Ugh. I shuffled to the door, wiping my eyes. I cracked it open and Cass pushed in. “Wake up.”
“Cass?” I wiped my face as I turned to face the irrate Cass sitting at the end of my tossed and ruined bed. “What are you doing here?” I looked at the clock on the bed–side table. “It’s six in the morning.”
10
“Exactly.” She pointed to the bathroom. “Go shower and get ready. We are leaving here in two hours.” “For what?”
tenly have until two.” She pot un an
“Cass?”
pushed me toward the bathroom door, but I was still so confused.
“Go shower.” She slammed the door in my face and I shook my head as I leaned my forehead against the door. 1 was exhausted. But apparently, Cass had a plan.
“Fine.” I pushed off the door and turned the shower on. I needed to get the blood off my body, anyway. It had turned itchy. I undressed and looked at the clothes in my hand. Instead of tossing them into the hamper, I threw them directly into the trash can. There was no saving them
I stepped under the spray of the water and sighed. The hot water loosened tension I didn’t even realize I had. The last few days had caught up with me. The water was a dirt rust color, and I waited for it to run clear before I grabbed the soap and cleaned my itchy skin. I washed my hair a few times before the water was finally clear.
Once I was finished, I stepped out to see a very impatient Cass. I was a little more awake to deal with her now. You want to tell me what is going on now?”
“I don’t know when the next time I will get to see you. I want to use the next,” she looked at the clock, “Seven and a half hours to spend quality time together before you leave” She sat heavily on the end of my bed again. “I feel
like we barely got to spend time together this summer. You were always training, and so was I.”
I nodded as I walked over in my robe. “I know.” I sat next to her. “I feel like I should apologize, but I know we were where we needed to be this summer.”
Cass nodded and looked over at me with tears in her eyes. don’t want you to leave.”
“I know. I don’t want to leave either.”
“Promise me you won’t become best friends with Lynn. I don’t think I could take it.” I laughed and wrapped my arm around her shoulders. “Amy, I’m serious.”
“I know. But I would never replace you, Cass. No one would ever measure up.” I laid my head on her shoulder. You are always going to be my best friend.”
“Promise?”

EL
“I promise.” I stood and headed to my closet to finish getting ready. “I’ll be ready by seven. By the time we eat and head to the mall, it should be open.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy Three
“The mall?” Cass followed me with her eyes. “Why are we going to the mall?”
“I have an idea, but I will have to call ahead.” I closed myself in my closest with her yelling after me.
“This was supposed to be my idea.”
“Yeah, well, it still can be, but I want to do one thing.” I called back before I made a call. I waited for the person to
answer.
“Hello?” The groggy voice made me feel a little bad.
“Hey. It’s Amy. I need your help. Can you be at your store at eight?”
The voice woke up a little more. “I guess. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Just need to get that thing we were talking about
“Shit really?” The voice was fully awake now.
“Yeah.” I smiled. “Make sure Neil is with you. Cass is coming with and I want something to match her too.” “You think she would go for it?”
“Yeah. I’m sure.” I laughed when I heard a thump. “I’ll see you at eight?”
“Yeah. We will be there.” The line went dead, and I finally got dressed.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 74
Chapter Seventy–Four 
“Let’s go eat. I pulled her from my room and raced down he stairs.
“Where are we going?” 
“I’m not telling you.” I looked back at her and grinned. “I her into the dining hall and we grabbed biog plates of food okay?”
a surprise, but you will love it. I promise.” I pulled went and sat next to my exhausted father, “You
“Yeah baby girl. I’m just tired. But I got it done.” He took a ip of his coffee and looked over at me. “You look excited. What’s up?”
“Cass woke me up at the butt crack of dawn to get some quality time in.”
“But she hijacked my plans and now I have now idea what we are doing.” Cass pointed out and I laughed.
“You made the mistake of waking me up.” I leaned into the warmth of my father. “We are going to see MJ and Neil.” My dad looked over at Cass and laughed.
“No idea?” I just shook my head. And he laughed harder. “That’s definitely going to be some quality time.”
“I know. I’m excited.”
“Your mom is going to be pissed.” He pointed out, and Cass snapped her head in my direction.
“I’m old enough.” I pulled away.
“I know. I just want you prepared.” He kissed my head and got to his feet. “I want to see you before you go. The plane’s wheels are up at two thirty, so make sure you are back before that.” He kissed my head and then walked
off.
“Take a nap.” I called out, and he waved his hand back to me without turning.
“Amy…what the hell is going on?” Cass had put her fork down and turned to stare at me but I just smiled.
“Eat. You are going to need the strength.” I nudged her glass of water. “And drink.”
“Amy!” Cass slammed down her fork, but I just ignored her and ate my food. “Fine.”
Once we were done eating and I had forced her to drink a few glasses of juice, we left. We made it to the mall right before eight and I pulled Cass into the opening mall. We made our way through the mostly empty place, only walking around with the mall walkers. We made it to a darkened door and I knocked a few times and we waited.
A lock clicked on the door and it swung in. MJ was staring at me with an energy drink in his hand. “Come on in Aim.” His smile was sweet, and it matched his bright blue eyes. His dark hair was shaved down the sides, with the top flopping over his eyebrow.
“Handsome as always, MJ.” I patted his cheek as I walked in and his smile got wider, showing off his dimples.
“Thanks love. You know, if you were my cup of tea, I would be a puddle right now.” He pinched my butt as I walked by and I laughed.
Cass followed me in and gave a soft greeting. “Hello.”
“Cass, this is MJ, my gay lover. MJ this is Cass.” 
“Oh, the sister from another mister you have been raving about.” MJ wrapped his arm around her shoulders and kissed her. “I’ve heard nothing but the best things about you the entire time Amy and I have been designing this thing.‘
Chapter Seventy Fou
“You heard about me?” Cass looked over at me and I smiled
“Of course,” MI walked us towards the back.
“Where is your better half?” I pushed past the beaded curtain and looked over my shoulder.
“He’s in the back, getting the area ready.” Mi nodded, and kept going
“What are we doing?” I heard Cass’s voice and MJ squealed
“You didn’t tell her?”
“Nope.” I headed straight to the chair and hoped up, waiting for Cass to make it to the back and figure it out.
“Oh goodie. I promise we will be as gentle as we can.” MJ’s voice was low and reassuring
“Amy?” I laughed and waited. Cass and MJ finally pushed past the curtain and her eyes widened. “Seriously?” “Yup.” I smiled as I hopped up. Neil came from a back room with two trays and Cass squealed.
“You’re serious?”
“I told you I was.” I pointed to Neil. “He will do whatever you want. MJ and I have been working on my design for over a month,”
“I can’t…” Her voice faded.
“You can and you will. I have already prepaid for our time. You can get whatever you want. But there is one thing I want you to get.”
“What?”
“I want both of us to get a small paw print behind our ear.
“Matching tattoos?”
I nod. “We always talked about it, and now that we have shifted, we are allowed to get them.” I smiled. “Are you in?”
“Heck, yeah I’m in.” She jumped into my arm and then ran over to Neil to talk ideas.
“Come on, girl pop. Shirt off and lay down. We need as much time as we can get to get this finished in time.” MJ gestured me to the bed, and I smiled.
###Next D 75
Chapter Seventy–Five
Elve hours later, we were walking out with glant grins. Thank you for coming in so early for us.” I kissed MJ and Nell as we left
“It was our pleasure.” MJ called out as he shut the door, and locked It behind us.
“They aren’t staying open?” Cass looked back to the dark door.
“Nah. They are usually closed today. They just came in for us.” I hooked my arm in hers and we walked into the bustling mall. “Where to now?” I looked down.
“I wanted to get some new clothes. Now I want to get some even more. I need to show this off.” She stared down at her right arm. It was covered in a black and white version of the moon goddess with a full moon behind her, and wolves hidden in the forest around her wrist. It was gorgedts and Neil did an amazing job drawing it up on the spot.
1 nodded, and she stared down at the fresh ink. “How does it feel?”
“It stings.” She shook her arm and then smiled. “I didn’t realize what went into doing tattoos on wolves.”
I laughed. “They have a deal with my dad, and now me. My dad sends them claws every month so they can break them down into their needles.” Cass shivered as I chuckled “Alphas have a deal with the tattoo artists in their packs. It’s the only way to get them to stay without wolfsbane.”
“Doesn’t it hurt?”
“Pulling your claws out? Well yeah, but they grow back instantly. So the pain is fleeting. And this helps with pack morale. And the plus of getting your work by a skilled artist”
We walked into a store, and Cass looked me over. “You wont be able to find an outfit that shows off your tattoo.” I shook my head.
“It’s not about showing it off. I knew I needed this design, and my back was the biggest canvas to get it all in.” I smiled as I felt the tightness on my back
It’s perfect. Nix’s voice called back to me.
I love it. Megan’s voice followed.
“Why the two wolves?” Cass asked as we went through the clothes. “I know the first one is Nix. I saw you run but when you were shifted. But I don’t recognize the smaller brown wolf.”
“She is a part of my pack.” I smiled as the confusion flashed over her face, but I pulled an outfit for her to try on. This would be perfect to train in.” I pushed it into her hands and pointed to the change room.
Cass laughed and headed to try it on. “Fine.” We spent the next forty–five minutes speed shopping and didn’t leave until our arms were full of bags of clothes. Cass looked over at me as we rushed out of the mall. “I don’t want you to go.”
“Hey. I’ll be back. And if you are feeling down, just touch your paw print and know I’m touching mine.” I smiled as we hopped into the car and flew home.
We ran up the stairs and Cass helped me pack the new clothes. I would leave everything else here. I had to pull out a second suitcase from here to fit it all. We laughed as we stuffed the two cases full. “What else?” Cass turned to me as I ran to my desk. I grabbed my backpack and shoved all my electronics in.
“Just this stuff.” I had just finished zipping up my bag when there was a knock and my father walked in. He looked at my bags and then at me. “You ready pup?”
刊
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy–Five
“Yeah.” He looked better than this morning. “Did you take a nap?” I got to my feet.
” on.” He shook his head as he left, and I made my way over to where Cass was with the two suitcases.
“It’s time.” I hugged her, and we both hissed. My back and her arm were still too sensitive, and we giggled. “I’m going to miss you.‘
“I’m going to miss you, too.”
“Don’t go making babies without telling me.” I poked her shoulder, and she laughed.
“I promise.” I watched her tear up. “Everything has changed.”
“Yeah. This summer was a wild ride. But it’s been good.” I smiled down at her and hugged her again. “You got a mate.”
“We both shifted.”
“Now we have tattoos.” I pulled away. “But there is one thing that hasn’t changed, Cass.”
“What’s that?” She wiped her face and flipped her hair over her shoulder.
“You are still my best friend.”
“You are still my best friend, too.” She tried to smile but I saw her lips trembling.
“Okay. Here we go.” I swung my backpack onto my arm and hissed at my stupidity. She grabbed my suitcases, and we left my room.
“I’ll get these to the door.” She stopped at the top of the stairs. “Bye Amy.”
“Bye Cass.” I walked into my father’s office as she headed down the stairs.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 76
Chapur Seventy–Six
Chapter Seventy–Six
My father and Ronnie were waiting for me as I dropped in the chair. “You okay pup?” My dad asked as my back hit the chair and I hissed again.
“Yeah. Just keep forgetting it’s there.” I laughed it off, but my dad shook his head.
“I meant, are you okay after saying goodbye to Cass?” I swallowed and then nodded. He watched my face closely and sighed. “Here.” He slid the book over to me, and I grabbed it and tucked it into my backpack.
“It’s a good thing I don’t have to go through the airport with this. I would be called crazy for hauling a stone around with my electronics.” I shook my head as Ronnie laughed.
“True. It is weird to see.” Ronnie settled back and then he and my dad shared a look.
“So, are you going to show us?” My dad leaned back and quirked his head. I smiled and stood. Pulling my top over my back, but covering my front, I turned to face away from them. I heard my dad take a breath and Ronnie whistle. “Its gorgeous darling.”
“I love the way it looks so real. It’s almost as if I can hear Nix and that brown wolf howling at the moon.” Ronnie leaned in. “Who is the brown wolf?” 
I looked over my shoulder, and my father was staring at my back. He wouldn’t look away. “She is a part of my pack.” The answer that wasn’t an answer. But my dad’s eyes finally moved to mine and I could see the wheels turning.
“She looks familiar.” I just smiled and slipped my shirt back on. “It really is stunning.”
“Yeah. MJ did an amazing job.” I settled back in the chair. I’m going to miss you, daddy.”
“That is my cue to leave. I’ll meet you down at the door.” Ronnie hopped up and left the office. My dad made his way around the desk and sat next to me in the chair Ronnie just vacated.
“I’m going to miss you too, pup. But I think that this is necessary. Not just for you, but for me.”
“Why? Why do I have to go back there?” I dropped my head in my hands. “I don’t want to see his stupid face again. I don’t want to have to face her. I just wish that I never had to go back to that stupid, awful pack again.” I looked up and my dad was hanging his head.
“You have to, pup. Not just because it was a part of the deal we made at the beginning of the summer. But because if you didn’t go back, you would regret it. You aren’t a coward. Neither is Nix. You have to see this part of your past life through. Brandon never deserved you and now, he wont ever get to have you.” My dad grabbed my hand. ” Shannon needs to be put in her place. She lords being the Beta female over your head, like that is somehow higher than your position. Just because you are not an alpha of that pack doesn’t mean you are not an alpha. And allowing a beta to step all over you, for the sake of peace in your home, will rile up your wolf. More than ever now that you have shifted.” My dad’s hand tightened on mine. “But even if all of that wasn’t true. It would start a war. You have to go back and show that you aren’t Brandon’s mate. Then and only then will they allow you to leave without starting a war between the two packs.”
“I know.” I hung my head again. “I know. It’s like they somehow knew he was my mate already. They almost didn’t let me come.” 
“I had to call a favour in, and it was still a close call.”
My head snapped up at his realization. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because your mother and I wanted you to focus on protecting yourself. Not what ifs would happen if you couldn’t.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy–Six
“But what if I wasn’t able to cover or change my scent?” Worry bubbled up in my gut.
Then I would have gone to war.” He said it so matter–of–factly that my stomach dropped out from under me. “I wouldn’t have forced you to go back to a pack where you would have been abused, betrayed, and then killed for a second time.” My dad shook his head. “I would move heaven and earth to protect you.”
“But…”
“No buts. I love you too much to watch you suffer. But both your mother and I knew you could do it. We believed in
you.
“That much?”
“Of course.” He smiled as he pulled me into his arms as we stood. “You are our pup. Your mother would have torn that pack to the grounds if you were forced into anything.” He chuckled. “I’ll miss you.”
“I’m going to miss you too, daddy.” He hugged me a little longer before pushing me out the door. I saw the first tear fall as he shut the door in my face.
Chapter Seventy Seven
Chapter
###Next D 77
Chapter Seventy–Seven 
Istood at the door for a few seconds, debating between leaving him or going back in to plead to stay a little longer. But I knew once he decided he would stick to it. And right this second, his mind was made up because something was going on back home.
I dropped my hand and turned away, feeling like garbage, but giving him the space he needed. He hated when I left back to the mom’s, so did I. I huffed out a breath and headed down the stairs. 1
The pack house was eerily silent. I was so used to hearing someone run through the rooms, or the omega’s cleaning, that the silence was deafening. But I shook it off was being dramatic. I just didn’t want to leave. I reached the bottom floor, and I saw the two families I saved were waiting by the door with Ronnie. “What are you guys doing here?”
The four little kids ran over to me and all lugged me. “We don’t want you to leave,” Ry’s voice broke out above the rest and I crouched. I hugged them all and cupped his cheek.
“I wish I could stay, but my mom is waiting for me, and I need to go home.” I felt like I was telling not only him, but myself.
“But this is your home, too.” He stomped his foot and I couldn’t help but laugh. He was adorable.
you are right. This is my home too, but I need to go back.“I played with his little hand. Remembering why I had to go home. It wasn’t just because of my mom. And the promise. But because my dad was right. I needed to see my past life through. I needed to show Brandon and Shannon that they couldn’t hurt me this time around.
“But why?” The other kids went back to their parents, but little Ry grabbed on to my arm and refused to move. “I made a promise.” Thugged him again. “And you know Ry, if you make a promise…”
“Keep it. My dad said a wolf’s word is their bond.” He pulled back and met my eyes. I just nodded. “Will you come back?”
“Of course.” I ruffled his hair. “I promise.” I smiled and winked. He winked back and ran back to his parents, who were still looking a little weak, but better than the day before. “I’m glad you are both on your feet.”
“Us too.”
“We all wanted to have a private moment with you.” Ry’s dad stepped up next to the others. “You saved all of us.” The two families nodded. “I don’t think there is anything in this world that we could give you that would matter as much as that fact, but we wanted you to have this.” He held out a bag.
“You don’t need to give me anything.” I tried to push it away, but Ry’s mom grabbed my hand.
“Please.” Her eyes were shiny and her lips trembled. “It isn’t anything special, like my mate said. But we have been working on this for a while, and this is the only thing we could think of that conveyed just how much we appreciated everything you did for us.
I looked at the two couples. The other parents nodded. Ry’s mom held on to my hand and turned. “You don’t know just how much you did for us.” She wrapped her arm around the other mom. “This is my sister. You not only saved my children, my husband, and my life. But you saved my sister, my brother–in–law, and my niece and nephew.” She smiled. “We have been working on this together and we both agreed to give it to you.” 
“Okay.” I took the bag finally and hugged them all before I turned to Ronnie. “Let’s go.”
Ronnie was out the front door first, and when I followed, I stopped short. The entire pack was out front of the pack house. All the ranked wolves were first. Tina, Greyson and Cass were at the bottom of the stairs, and the rest of the pack lined the path to the street.
Chaple Shethan Raven:
7428 BONUS 
I looked to Ronnie, but he just sinlled and went down the lined pathway to the car where Lynn waited already.” What’s going on?” I took a step and the entire pack dropped to their knees.
“For everything you did for this pack.” Tina called out.
For the lives you saved!” Greyson shouted.
“And for almost losing your own life to save the pups of the pack” Cass’s voice wavered as she called out.
“Silvermoon pack Salut.” My father’s voice called out from above.
The entire pack put their hand over their heart and howled the sky. I couldn’t stop the tears if I wanted to. I strolled down the pathway, and every pack member mumbled their thanks. I was silently sobbing by the time I made it to the car and I sat in the back. Ronnie and Lynn slipped into the front seats. “I hate you.” I mumbled to them and they chuckled.
I love you, pup.
I love you too, daddy.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 78
Chapter Seventy–Eight
The drive to the airport was silent. I took the time to gather any feelings about going back and what had just happened. Ronnie and Lynn gave me the space 1 needed, which I was thankful for. My phone started buzzing non- stop as message after message came in. Confused, I opened my phone to watch the messages roll in from my mother. Finally, they stopped at the last one.
Mom- Amy, for the love of the goddess, will you answer me?
I messaged back.
Amy–Mom? What’s going on? Why are you messaging me million messages all at once?
Mom- Amy? Finally! I’m so happy I finally got a hold of yu
Amy- What’s going on? You ignored my calls and messages all summer and now you’re texting me a novel….
Mom- I didn’t. Or I didn’t mean to. I thought the same thing, that you were ignoring me the entire summer, but I realized today that you were blocked. I resent everything I sent you.
Amy- Why was I blocked? And why did you resend everything now?
Mom- I didn’t want you to think I didn’t think of you.
I wanted you to know I missed you.
Shannon, probably.
Amy–LOL
Mom, of course I knew you cared. I just figured you were leaving me to figure it all out. I was going to talk to you once I get home.
Mom- Are you on your way?
Amy- Yeah. We just got on the plane.
Mom–Good. Read my messages on the flight. We have too much to discuss once you are home. I love you, baby.
Amy–Love you too mom.
I looked up from my phone and realized that Ronnie and Lynn had already got out of the car. I stepped out and slipped my phone back into my pocket. I grabbed my suitcase from the trunk and walked over to the plane.
Ronnie turned and looked me over. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah. My mom was apparently messaging me all summer, but Shannon had blocked me on her phone.” I shrugged. “I apparently have a novel to catch up on during the flight back home.”
Ronnie chuckled. “She resent everything?”
“Yupp.” I smiled, pulled my phone out as it buzzed. Another way of messages coming in. “I think this will be a mess once I can sit and read it all.”
“You think it’s that bad?” I shoved my into his hands as another volley of texts come through. His eyes bulged at the sheer number of texts. He watched the screen for a moment and then handed it back. “It seems like she wasn’t the only person Shannon blocked from texting you.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Sevenly Tight
“What do you mean?” 1 furrowed my brow and clicked my screen back on, but I saw nothing but my mother’s.
texts.
“Open your messages.” He came around and looked over my shoulder. I opened my phone and clicked my messages and Brandon’s name appeared below my mother’s name. I grimaced as I saw the beginning of the text. I clicked it, not wanting to, but needing to, get this over with
Brandon–I’m sorry if you get any of my previous messages was mad because I thought you were ignoring me. I figured out your number was blocked on my phone somehow.
As soon as I opened his texts, I saw the three little dots dance at the bottom. I grimaced again because that meant he was watching to see when I read his messages,
Brandon- Hey! How are you? How was your summer?
Amy- Hey…Who is this?
I had his number saved, but not to use. Shannon had tried to accuse me of texting Brandon behind her back and 
cell tried to convince my mom I was trying to ruin their relationship and steal him. My mom made me unlock my and typed Brandon’s number into my phone. When nothing popped up, she handed it back. But Shannon swore I was lying or deleting it. So for months my mom made me unlock my phone whenever Shannon started her bull up again she could look. My mom saved his number after the third time.
Brandon–Oh…it’s Brandon. You don’t have my number?
Amy- Oh hi. No, I don’t have your number saved. You are Shannon’s boyfriend. Why would I have your number? I hoped that pretending to be dumb would end the conversation, but I was not in luck.
Brandon–Shannon and I broke up.
Amy–That sucks. Anyway, did you need anything from me?
Brandon–I was wondering when you were coming back home.
Amy–Oh. I’m heading back today. Why? Did something happen?
Brandon–Nothing happened. I was just wondering. I can’t wait to see you.
Amy–Why?
Brandon–I just am.
Amy–Okay… I have to go. I’m getting on the plane. Bye.
I saw the dots pop up, but I put my phone on airplane mode and closed it. I looked up to see Ronnie laughing as he climbed onto the plane.
###Next D 79
Chapter Seventy Mine
Chapter Seventy–Nine
1 stomped up after him and got to my seat. “What is so funny?”
Ronnie laughed harder. “You learned so much this summer pup, but there is one thing you still need to work on.” 1 tilted my head and he leaned over the aisle and flicked my hose. “Work on your poker face.” His chuckle broke up at his words. “Your face was priceless. Pure disgust as you texted him.”
“Well…come on.” I shot him a side look, and he bent over his knees, laughing harder.
“I know, but in all seriousness. He is an alpha. And most have egos bigger than a house. If you have that look on your face when he is trying to hit on you, or even talk to you. He will make your life a living hell in that pack.” Ronnie’s face fell serious. “You don’t want to offend him if you can help it.”
I nodded. “You’re right.” I wiped my face and settled into my seat. “But that is a worry for when we land.”
“True.” He settled back and Lynn peeked her head over the seat.
“Alphas are hard to deal with. I transferred from my previous pack because of a similar situation. Some men don’t
handle it take no as an answer.” She took a deep breath. “Be careful how you handle the situation. Hopefully, you better than me.” She settled back into her seat and then the door to the plane was closed.
I took my phone and scrolled up to the top and started into the novel my mom sent me. I was lost in her messages within minutes. It started off normally. She messaged about her day, asked me about mine, but things took a turn after the first week. I felt my face tighten as I read further.
The plane had reached cruising speed, and the flight attendant came around. “Did you need a snack or drink?”
“Give me a glass of red wine. Whatever is on hand is fine.” growled out.
Ronnie’s head snapped my way, but I ignored him. I was fuming, and I needed a drink to come over my nerves. This had gone so sideways. “What’s wrong, Alm?” I just held up my hand. I needed to finish reading. Ronnie nodded and waited.
The flight attendant brought me my drink, and I downed it handed her back the glass, and she cut her eyes to Ronnie, but he just shoed her away.
I continued reading, growing angrier as I went. “How dare they?”
“What’s wrong?” Ronnie leaned closer, trying to read the texts. I just closed my phone since I was finished readying. “Amy, talk to me.”
“I don’t even nowhere to start.” I muttered as I turned to face my uncle. He gestured for me to go on, and I shook my head in disgust. “It started normally. She was checking, wondering why I wasn’t answering. But then after about a week, Shannon spiraled.” 1
“Why?”
Talpha commanded her to stop going into my room. I figured out the day I left, she was going in and stealing
some of my clothes to wear around Brandon. They initially started dating because of my…” I trailed off and looked at Lynn, but I had to be honest with her, eventually. “My scent. He thought Shannon was his mate, but in reality….
“You are,” Ronnie finished, and I nodded,
“So she spiraled. She threw tantrums to my mom, trying to get her to get something from my room. To keep up with her charade, but my mom stood firm.” I rubbed my hand against my eye. “But then she attacked her.” I felt the snarl build. “My mom wouldn’t stand up to her, because of her father, and the alpha. So she has been just taking it.”
 
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter Seventy–Nine
“You’re Joking “Ronnie flopped back into his seat,
I nodded. “She says it’s fine. That she is weak, and it isn’t painful, but she sent pictures for documentation.” 1 snarled as I opened my phone and shoved it into Ronnie’s hands. Lynn got up and looked at the pictures with him, her face a mask of calm.
“I’ll kill her.” Lynn’s voice was dark.
“You can’t.” I took a deep breath. “She’s the beta’s daughter, and my mother’s stepdaughter. The Oakenfang pack doesn’t discipline abuse within the family.” I bared my tech as I choked out the first secret of the pack.
Ronnie reeled. “What the fuck do you mean?”
“I mean that anyone in the family touches or hits another. The alpha looks the other way because he believes that the family will work past their disagreements. He says it’s below his station to deal with petty squabbles between family members.”
Ronnie and Lynn scoff, but Lynn grabbed my shoulder. “This works in your favor.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, you can dish out the same treatment to Shannon and her father for allowing it.‘
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 80
Chapter Eighty
Chapter Eighty
I stared up at Lynn and once the realization sunk in; I broke out into a smile. “You beautiful woman.” I jumped up and grabbed her arms. “You’re right.
She nodded and smiled. “You can dish out every bruise and put lip your mother suffered through and give it back tenfold. And the Alpha won’t be able to step in because of his own rules. Otherwise you can call the king.”
I turned to Ronnie, and he nodded. “I would call the King ahead of time and give him a warning.” He winked. “Just be proactive.”
I nodded and settled back into my seat. “Brandon has been making my mother’s life a little difficult. He has been doing his best to weasel his way into my space as well, but my mother has barred him from the room.”
Ronnie chuckled. “She could always get her way with alphas.
I cut my eyes to him and I could see bitterness there. “Do you know why my mother married Morgan?” “Because she loved him.” Ronnie shook his head like it was obvious. “Your dad betrayed her, and she moved on.
anger Without breaking their bond.” Ronnie’s face morphed into something I had never seen before. Betrayal and didn’t sit properly on his face. It was too alien. He was always such a cheerful man, but this, this was his line. “No.” I whispered. Ronnie shot me a look like he didn’t believe it. “When we moved to the Oakenfang pack, my mother was a betrayed wolf. Do you know what that means?”
“She wasn’t though.” I lifted a shoulder.
“No one knows the truth. She was a betrayed wolf. With a pup. I was a child, but I when I got older, I used to scream at my mother, until I picked the wrong day to throw a tantrum.” I remembered the day vividly.
“What do you mean?”
“My mother drinks.”
“No, she doesn’t. Her father was an alcoholic, and she swore to never touch the stuff.” Ronnie shot back, but my look cut him off.
“You are right. But there are certain days where she drinks so much she is falling down drunk. And a few years ago I attacked her on one of these days. I called her all sorts of names for sleeping with Morgan. For making us live in
she broke.” this fucking disaster of a pack, and after yet another screaming tantrum from me,
“She broke?” Lynn leaned over the seat, focused on the story. I nodded.
“She screamed at me. She asked me if I really thought that she wanted to be here? That she would want to be betrayed by her goddess given mate, and have to settle for this pack.
“What? That’s bull.” I held up my hand, stopping Ronnie from continuing.
“She screamed. She wanted to be alone with me for the rest of her life, but Alpha Vince didn’t leave her any options.‘
Lynn gasped. “You can’t be serious.”
I looked up at her and nodded. But Ronnie was still so clueless. “Serious about what?”
‘Beta. You have to know the old laws.” Lynn sat down heavily in her seat.
“I know the laws, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“The fact that you haven’t clued in shows that you’re a great man, and that you are privileged.” I sighed.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty
“What does that even mean?” Ronnie tossed his hands in the air.
“It means that because you are a man, you are able to not worries about old laws that can be invoked to take away your rights. All because of your sex.” Lynn’s voice was cold and angry, 
Ronnie’s face was obviously confused, and I blew out a breath. “When we first moved to the Oakenfang pack, Alpha Vince invoked the betrayed wolf law.”
“What is that?” Ronnie closed his eyes, trying to remember the law.
“A betrayed female wolf is open property if she is unclaimed by the new moon. If her goddess given mate didn’t want her, then it was expected that no one would. She could be claimed by any wolf strong enough to claim her.” Ronnie’s eyes snapped open.
“She would be treated as property from that moment onwards.” Lynn finished.
“Excuse me?” Ronnie jumped to his feet.
“So my mother had weeks from his invoking the law to find a wolf that would marry her. Because she couldn’t mate again. Morgan had just lost his mate. And he had a pup to raise. They came to an agreement. One my mother wanted to stick to. But as time went on, Morgan wanted to renegotiate.” I could feel the bitterness on thy tongue.
“Why would she renegotiate it?”
“Because Alpha Vince has made it obvious that if a divorce was ever completed, then he would invoke the law again. And until I came of age, I was a package deal.”
###Next D 81
Chapter Eighty–One
Ronnie’s face was still a mask of confusion. “So wait. You are saying your mother agreed to marry Morgan just to raise Shannon? But then when did he renegotiate and why
I rolled my eyes. “After a few years, he grew to enjoy my mother’s company. He fell in love with her. His mate was actually gone and his bond had faded. But my mother’s mate was still very much alive.”
“Her bond never faded…” Lynn’s voice was soft, as if realizing what that meant.
I just nodded. “My mother never let go of her mate. She never grew feelings for Morgan and was very content with their friendship. But then when he brought up becoming a couple in reality, my mom shot it down. But-”
“He used the threat of divorce to coerce her into it.” Heaned over the seat and met her eyes, then nodded.
“Exactly.”
“That’s why your dad never felt the betrayal pain for years until after you left.” Ronnie sounded a little breathless.
“Yeah. And that’s why she drinks.” I sat back in my seat and sighed. “She drinks herself almost dumb and then she gives herself to Morgan to keep him happy. It’s not often, and he tries to force her not to drink, but when he tried that last time, she almost killed him.”
“What?” Ronnie sank into himself.
“He tried to force her to…” I gulped and suppressed a shudder. “When she was sober. Her wolf took over and nearly ripped him apart. He never tried again.”
“Why doesn’t she just leave?” I huffed out a laugh.
“Haven’t you been listening?”
“I don’t understand.
Lynn let out a growl of frustration. “If a female becomes property, so do her pups. Even after they come of age, they are trapped by the law, unable to mate. Forever.”
Ronnie snapped his head up and stared at me. I just nodded. “She would never of betrayed my father…even if he did. But it was the only way to save me.”
Ronnie looked between Lynn and I. He was searching for something. I don’t know what, but it seemed like he finally figured out whatever it was and he broke. I watched him shatter. His eyes shifted, and his hands turned into claws. He surged to his feet and ripped into the seats in front of him, “No.” He screamed. He ripped a seat from the ground and went to throw it. The flight attendant screamed and ran to the cockpit to pound on the door for the captain, but it wouldn’t help.
I jumped up and grabbed the seat. I dropped it and yelled for him to stop. “Ronnie. Stop.” I grabbed him and forced him to look at me. “Uncle Ronnie. You have to stop.
“No!” His tortured voice was painful to hear. “You have to be lying.” He whirled on me and his wolf’s eyes held so much pain. “Tell me you’re lying, pup.” But I slowly shook my head and he dropped to his knees. His hands slowly shifted back as he stared up at me. “Please tell me you’re lying.”
“I can’t.” I whispered back, and his tears started.
“We left her.”
“What?” I knelt down and wrapped my arms around him as he trembled.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty One
“We left her, thinking that it was for the best. Your father shed her away, and I turned my back on her. She was his mate, but she was my best friend, too. And we cut her out of our lives and left her no other option.” He pulled away from me enough to stare into my face.
I could only nod. “Yeah.”
“I’ve spent the last fifteen years disgusted with your mom How quickly she moved on and turned on your father. But she had no choice…” His voice trailed off as his body dropped back to his heels. “We turned our backs on her because we thought we knew what would be best, but we forced her to trade herself to save you.” His words were thick with emotion and again, all I could do was nod. “We are monsters…
Η
I felt a tear drop from my eye as I watched my uncle come to terms with his part that he played. All three of them had choices they made. All three of them have regrets now because of them. There was no way to turn back the clock and change what happened. Not even my father had the power to do that.
“The luna has had to struggle with these past years.” Lynn’s voice was angry. “Because men decided they knew better.” She shook her head and stood. “Take this back to the Alpha. Let him understand the repercussions of his choices.”
“Lynn?” I was a little taken a back from the viciousness in her voice.
“No, Amy.” She looked at Ronnie. “People need to realize that the choices they make can ruin the lives they are trying to protect when they aren’t honest.” She stood and left us alone in the mess Ronnie created.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 82
Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Pinterest
20
Chapter Eighty–Two
Chapter Eighty–Two
Ronnie finally collected himself by the time the plane landed. We quietly grabbed our things and made it to the car that was waiting for us. “You okay?” I sat in the front, next to the quiet Ronnie.
“Yeah.” He nodded slowly and his eyes shifted to the mirro
“You sure?”
“I just had the opinion of the last fifteen years of my life shattered, and I realized how toxic and shitty I have been, but yeah, I’m okay.” He wiped his face as he drove. “I never really looked at it from your mom’s side. You know.” He kept his face turned to the road, but his eyes looked at me.
“I know.” I huffed out a laugh. “Neither did I until I knew all the facts. I thought she just moved on quickly. from living with my dad and mom to living with Morgan within weeks. I was a kid. ”
“But I wasn’t. I should have known your mother better than that.”
I went
“Why didn’t you?” Lynn finally broke her silence. “You said she was your best friend. Why didn’t you actually think of her? Of Amy?”
Ronnie dropped his head for a minute. “Ego?”
“What?” We both furrowed our brows.
“I’m guessing here. But when your mom left after your dad’s spell, I was sure she would come back. She needed us. Not just to protect her, but we were her closest friends. I thought she would come back and we could work through it all once your dad found out the truth. But then Oakenfang accepted her transfer.”
“What?” I was confused. “I thought my dad wanted her to leave.”
“He did, but didn’t.” Ronnie waved his hand around back and forth. “He needed to hurt the bond, so that she was out of the way. But he thought she was going to stay in the pack, just go back to her aunt’s home. Or even transfer back to her parents‘ pack.”
“But she didn’t?”
“No. She sent our transfer requests to every pack. It was first come, first serve. She wanted out and didn’t care. where she went. Your grandpa was in another pack and missed the request by a day. Vince accepted her first. And
she went there.”
50
“Probably because he knew he was going to try the old law Lynn tossed out and Ronnie’s grip on the steering wheel tightened. It groaned under the pressure. I tapped his hand and he let go, shaking out his hands.
he
“Probably.” He took a deep breath and blew it out. “Your dad is going to lose his mind. But then again, doubted your mother, not even for a minute. He assumed she moved on, but he still didn’t blame her. When he finds out the truth, he is going to tear his office apart.”
never
“Put him in the cell before you tell him.” I offered. “He will appreciate it more.”
“I don’t think I can.” Ronnie cut his eyes to me again, but I grabbed his shoulder.
“You have to. You nearly ripped the plane apart. What do you think he will do when he finds out the truth…” Ronnie shivered. “Yeah. I wasn’t going to tell you at all.”
Then why did you?
Lynn chuffed in the back. “Probably because she was tired of you always taking down about her mother when you didn’t know the entire story.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty Two
looked into the rearview
I pointed back to Lynn and agreed. “I’m sorry.” Ronnie looked over at me and the mirror. “I have been an ass for your entire life towards your mother, and that isn’t fair.”
“It’s okay.” I patted his shoulder. “I could understand why you thought that way. I even agreed, which is how I found out the truth. My mom…” I sighed. “My mom is of the mindset that she can handle it all on her own. She kept quiet and dealt with the pain of my father’s betrayal. Losing her home, her pack, her family and friends. She put it all to the side to take care of me. Even when she started chipping away at her own soul, she was okay with it, because she was saving me. But now, now I know the truth and they need to talk to each other. They need to be honest with each other.”
“They need to stop making themselves miserable.” Ronnie interjected. 1
“Exactly.” I agreed. “But we need to figure out what exactly is going on. I don’t want them to get back together just to end up dead.” Ronnie nodded.
“Your
father didn’t want me to tell you, but since you told me a secret, I will tell you one. Aurora and this attack are tied to the first attack back then.”
“He said he thought so.” But Ronnie was shaking his head.
“We know. Beck let slip that much.” Ronnie wiped his face. “He said that the past was coming back to bite us.”
###Next D 83
Chapter Eighty–Three
What does that mean?”
“It was a saying that was used back when your dad lived his first life. When he was killed in his first life, the attacker said the same thing. Like a mantra. And he never forgot it. So when Beck said it this time, he knew.”
“So, we wait until this is figured out.” I sounded as defeated as I felt. I didn’t want this to continue, but I wouldn’t risk anyone’s life.
“Yeah, but at least you have something to do.” Ronnie smiled over at me.
“What do you mean?”
He pulled the car over and hopped out. He went to the trung and rustled around for a few minutes before coming back with a laptop bag. Once he settled back behind the wheel, he handed it to me. “This is for you.
“What is it?”
“Open it.” He tapped the bag and got the car back onto the Highway. I unzipped the bag to find a new, sleek laptop and a new phone.
“I’m going to ask again…what is it?”
“This is your brand new, never used, custom–built hacking.computer.
I stared at the side of his face. “I don’t know how to hack”
“I guess you have a new hobby to take up.” He chuckled as he quickly glanced at me.
“What the hell are you talking about?” I pulled the laptop out of the bag and there was a book underneath it. I pulled out the book and turned it over in my hands. “Ethical hacking for beginners.”
10
“Yeah Your dad also got you a subscription to hacking101. It’s a website that trains you with games.”
My mouth had dropped open, and I looked over my shoulder to Lynn, but she was focused on her phone. “Why would I need any of this?”
“Because. He wants you to learn how to hack. Pretty obvious.” Ronnie answered slowly, like I was dumb.
“I understand that! BUT WHY?” I pulled everything out of the bag.
“He left you a letter. Burn it once you read it.” I shook my head and turned to face him slowly.
“What the hell Uncle Ronnie?” I wagged the phone. “Why do I need a second phone?”
“That is a hidden phone. You will only message using that if you find something?
“Ronnie. Please, for the love of the goddess. Explain.‘
He tapped the wheel. “You father will go into deeper detail but he believes Vince is involved in some shady business, including the attacks. But we can’t access his system from your fathers. We assume he has firewalls that protect him from outside infiltration, but someone closer, someone he doesn’t suspect. Might get through.”
13 
“You need me to learn hacking because Vince might be involved in what, exactly?”
Ronnie nodded. “We don’t know for sure. We might even be wrong. I hope we are. But we have been having issues with your pack swooping in and steal contracts from us. We originally thought it was just your mom giving them information. Well, I did. You dad always said she would never do that, and now more than ever I believe him.” Ronnie bobbed his head back and forth. “Now normally this wouldn’t be an issue, but you dad noticed someone
12
Chapte Eighty–thre
from over liere breached our system, but they made a mistake and left footprints.
“So If they were good enough to hack you guys. Wouldn’t they catch me?”
Ronnie tapped the computer. “That is where this comes In There is no information on here that will lead back to you. You learn to hack. Do you best. Find the information or don’t.” He lifted the shoulder. “You dad is grasping at straws here, kid.”
“Why?”
“Because your mom went from sleeping with Morgan once year to multiple times this year. He can’t survive it anymore.
I nodded slowly. “He wants a pup with her.” I swallowed the bile that threatened to come up. “What?” Ronnie almost drove off the road.
“He made it a big thing on her birthday. He wrote it in her card that he demanded her read out loud in front of the
remember my mother breaking down in my room pack. That they were going to be trying for their own pup.
once I found m that night. “He realized I was coming of age this year. And he would probably lose control of her mate.” In my previous life, my mother held on until I found out Brandon was my mate. She gave up once she knew I was mated to Brandon. She died in childbirth of their pup, the pup didn’t survive either. “She is supposed to find out she’s pregnant in a few months.”
Ronnie paled. “No.” He looked at me and I looked away. A tear fell anyway. “She doesn’t make it, does she?” I just shake my head.
“I won’t let it happen this time.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 84
20
Chapter Eighty–Four 
We pulled up to the house, and I took a breath. I didn’t want to be here, but I knew I had to be. I had to face everything that was done. Even if it hadn’t happened yet, new, given the chance, they would do it again. Brandon was a foolish man that was easily swayed. And Shannon would kill just to get what she wanted, and that just happened to be my inate.
A pathetic mate at that. Nix’s voice whispered in my mind and I snorted. Ronnie looked over at me with a lifted
brow.
“Nix just said something funny.” I took another deep breath.
“You have to see this through.” Ronnie’s voice was quiet.
“I know.” I take one more minute before I step out of the car. Before I could do much more, my mom was jumping
into my arms.
“I missed you so much, baby.”
“I missed you too, mom.” I pulled away and smiled. “Let me at least get fully out of the car.”
My mom scoffed and hugged me tight again. “I came out to warn you.” Her words were whispered into my Brandon and the Alpha are here. They are certain you are mates and won’t leave until it’s confirmed.”
ear.
I pulled back with a smile plastered on my face. “Okay. Let me be free. I need to grab my stuff.” I pushed away what she just told me and I trusted that Nix and Megan wete keeping their focus on my changed scent. It had become second nature now.
We have it covered. Megan’s voice cut through the worry.
“Ainsley, can I have a word?” Ronnie’s voice was a little shaky, but my mom froze. This was the first time since I could remember that Ronnie even spoke my mother’s name, nevermind speaking directly to her.
She used to speak to him when I was younger, but he remained quiet and stoic. But something has shifted. And I think she realized it. Her eyes darted to mine and I think she saw the truth there, and she nearly crumpled.
“Yeah.” Her voice was tight, but she nodded and stepped away from me.
Lynn had already grabbed her bag from the trunk and was waiting patiently for me. I made my way around the car and grabbed the rest of my stuff. I wheeled the two suitcases up to the front seat and then I strapped my new laptop case onto the first case, covering it with my backpack so it was hidden.
I tried my best to ignore the conversation between Ronnie and my momn, but it was hard. I wanted to know what was being said, even if I knew it was just between the two if them. They needed this. Not just for their relationship, but just for themselves.
They were friends before everything happened. And Ronnie was forced to pick sides, when he shouldn’t of had to. Now he was regretting the things he had said. And I’m sure my mom was too. She had to make choices that not only made her hate herself, but also hate Ronnie and my father. She blamed my father for a lot. But when the truth came out, hopefully they could forgive each other.
Just like I was hoping Ronnie and my mom were forgiving each other right now. I pulled my suitcases to where Lynn was waiting and I watched their interactions. Ronnie was saying a lot, and my mom was just shaking her head back and forth.
Finally, Ronnie dropped to his knee and bowed his head. My mom gasped, and I started over. My mother crouched and grabbed his hands. “Get up Ronnie. This isn’t necessary” She tried to pull him up, but he shook his bowed head.
###Next D 85
Chapter Eighty–Fou
+25 BONUS
“It is Ains. I was your best friend, and 1 turned my back on you. You needed me. You called me and I ignored you. I did it at first because I was hurt that you left. I didn’t understand why you had to run away.”
“You know why I did it.” My mom sounded a little defeated as she said It.
“Soon, I think everyone will find out the truth and I just hope that when that happens, you will forgive me.” Ronnie bowed to the ground and touched his head to the cement at her feet.
“Get up. I’m not your luna anymore. Whoever Gavin married is your luna now.” She pulled Ronnie to his feet and looked away. “Please don’t upset her because of me,” 
“Ainsley. There has never been, nor will there ever be, a new luna to the Silvermoon pack.” Ronnie kissed her hand and then dropped it, leaving her stumted. He nodded my way once and then turned back to the car, slipping behind the wheel and leaving.
“What?” My mom turned to me, but I refused to meet her eyes.
“Let’s go in.” I gestured to my home. “I’ll introduce you to the Alpha.‘
Chapter Eabry Five
Chapter Eighty–Five
I pushed the door open, and a feeling of dread settled in my stomach. What happened if this didn’t work? What would I do?
You can always reject him. Nix tossed out.
I scoffed as 1 dragged my stuff in. “Yeah, like rejecting an alpha would go over well.”
“Rejecting an alpha? Who would be that stupid?” Alpha Vince’s voice had a shiver going down my spine. I thought I would have more than one second before I had to face hit but how was I to know he was waiting by the door?
“Some wolves prefer a lower rank mate, or freedom compared to the duties and responsibilities that come with mating an Alpha. Specifically Alpha’s that follow some of the older laws.” Lynn cut in, saving me but painting a target on her back.
“You mean weak and stupid she–wolves?” His scoff had me rolling my eyes before I could stop it, but thankfully I had my face settled before I turned the corner into the living room.
“Alpha Vince. I didn’t expect you here to welcome me back home. I would have brought Gamma Lynn to meet you as soon as we dropped our luggage off here.” I gave a polite smile as I pushed my suitcase further into the room, letting Lynn and my mother–follow closely behind me. I gestured toward the staircase and turned to head up. “We will be right down.” 
“Nonsense. Come here and greet your alpha.” His voice cut in and stopped me in my tracks. Nix’s back bristled as he tried to command me, but his alpha wolf was weaker than my own.
I slowly turned with straight shoulders. I faced Vince with the polite smile still on my lips. “Sure.”
Π
I watched Vince’s eyes tighten when he realized his command had failed. I looked over at Lynn, who was wavering under his aura. Lynn bowed her head. “Alpha Vince, I am here on a mate visa, so the command is unnecessary.” His words were short, and I raised a brow as I turned back.
“Alpha Vince. Your aura and your alpha command are making the others in the room uncomfortable. Including your son.” I pointed out that everyone else was sweating, but still on their feet, except for Shannon, who was already on her knees.
His eyes closed a little as his aura increased. Morgan hit his knees, as did Lynn. My mother hit the wall, but was still standing. Brandon dropped to one of his knees and Shannon was almost flat on the ground. “Impressive.” Alpha Vince increased the pressure again, but I was losing my patience.i
“Alpha Vince. Is there a reason you are pushing so much power out?” I looked him in the eye and let my voice drop as I stepped up to him. I leaned over and whispered directly into his ear. “I would caution against measuring your power against mine. It would be embarrassing to be dropped on your ass by an alpha female who just had her first shift, wouldn’t it?” I pulled back and met his eyes again. I let NIx come forward and flash in my eyes. He wasn’t strong enough to make me bow down.
If looks could kill, Vince’s look would have struck me down in that moment. But he wasn’t strong enough to take me on and now he knew it for sure. He stepped back and laughed. “Just a little test. No harm, no fowl.” He clapped me on my shoulder and his face was filled with mirth as he turned back to everyone else.
But I saw his true feelings. He wanted me dead now. But I was safe for now. Everyone got back to their feet and laughed along with him. No one was stupid enough to say what really happened. But from the looks on my mother’s and Lynn’s face, they knew exactly what just happened, and they were terrified.
“Alpha, thank you for coming to my home.” Morgan recovered first. He rushed over to the little bar table he had and came back with two whiskeys. He handed one to Vince and took a deep gulp from his own.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eightyenve
Watching the two interact was so jarring after spending the summer with my dad. Ronnie and my father were best friends, and they act like it. But Vince and Morgan were completely different. Their relationship was superior and subordinate through and through. I couldn’t even tell if they were friends, like they pretended to be.
“Oh Morgan, It’s my pleasure.” Vince turned back to his son and waved his hand. “You know Brandon is sure your girl is his mate.”
I turned to Shannon and smiled and clapped. “Oh yay. Youys are officially mates. When is the mating ceremony?” I played stupid and rushed over to Shannon’s side. I picked her off the ground and grabbed her arm. I’m so happy for you.” But Shannon glared at me, and the room was dead silent. I turned to face everyone staring
at me.
“He meant you, Amy.” My mother’s voice was soft.
###Next D 86
Chapter Eighty–Six
I slowly turned away from Shannon, dropping her arm. I let my mouth drop open to keep my ruse going and to show my shock. “Why would he think I’m his mate?” I found Brandon, who was arrogantly staring at me with hunger in his eyes, I wanted to grimace, but I swallowed the need. “We haven’t even talked before.”
“Shannon admitted to wearing your clothes around Branden.” Vince smirked like that was the missing piece of information that would make me jump at the chance of being Brandon’s mate. But I just lifted my brow.
“So?” I let it hang there. The simple word that held my disbelief.
“Soooo. It means that it was your scent I liked, that my woll was attracted to.” Brandon stepped toward me and went to grab my hand, but I pulled away.
“Or…it was our combined scent that you liked.” I lied through my teeth. I felt a pang in my chest and I felt the pain radiating from my wolf. I sent a pulse of love to Megan. This was her mate, after all.
It’s okay. Megan’s words were strong, but tinged with sadness. He doesn’t deserve us.
Nix’s voice floated out to us. During our first life, I felt your bond with this idiot and I was content. You will feel a proper bond if we ever find my mate. Do not despair. This is not your only shot at a bond.
I felt Megan perk up with that thought. So I refocused on the conversation at hand. “Look, Brandon. I can appreciate trying to find your mate, but it’s not me.” I smiled, and I turned to leave.
I couldn’t let him touch me. If he touched me, he would feel the mate bond, and that wasn’t something I wanted to deal with.
Megan pushed forward a little. When we have time, I will reject him so the mate bond severs on my side.
I wanted to do it now, but Nix spoke up. You need to speak the words, and if you do that now, everything would be for nothing. Dodge the touching for now and maybe we can use our power to dull the shocks.
I walked away from everyone gathered in the living room, but Lynn’s eyes widened subtly, and I knew to turn. Brandon, again, had grabbed for me and I barely dodged him. “Wait.” He tried again but I backed up a step.
“I said I could appreciate the search, but don’t press your luck. You have no reason to touch me. And I would ask you not to.”
“Watch yourself.” Vince’s words were sharp, but I just cut my eyes to his.
“I will, once you teach your son not to touch unwilling females.” I lifted my lips and made a big deal of scenting the room. “I have no mate in this room, and I appreciate if you respect my space.” I glared at Brandon.
Megan was doing her best to hold on to herself back, she was in effect by his scent. But Nix moved closer to the forefront and lent me her strength not to react to his scent. The idiot in question froze and finally scented the room. Alpha Vince walked closer to him and grabbed his shoulder.
“Son?” He continued to scent the air, but it was Shannon that caught my eye. Her eyes were mere slits, and she was glaring straight at me, as if she knew exactly what he was going to say,
But Brandon remained silent. He walked closer, and I backed away, keeping the distance. “Amy. I promise I won’t touch you. I just want to smell you.” I scoffed. The look in his eyes told me he was lying. The man never could lie. I ripped my shirt off, leaving me in my sports bra, and tossed it to him. I wasn’t going to let him anywhere near me. His eyes narrowed as I tilted my head at him.
“Nothing against the future alpha. I just only want to be touched by my family and my mate. You understand, don’t you?” My eyes darted to Shannon. “The bond between wolves is sacred and any relationship or intimate
Chapter Eighty–Six
touching before the mate bond diminishes it. My mother taught me to hold true to my mate and just my mate. I hope you can understand.” I gave another polite smile and pointed to the shirt. “That should work for scenting me, right?”
Brandon glared at me for another moment before lifting my shift to his nose. Everyone in the room heard him inhale, and we all froze. Well, I froze. I trusted my power, but my goddess, I was worried. He inhaled again and then slowly lowered my shirt.
“So?” Vince’s smirk was infuriating.
“No.” Brandon’s voice was low. “But that is impossible. I swore it was her scent.” He glared at me.
###Next D 87
Chapter Eighty–Seven
I held up my hands in mock surrender. “I told you It might have been a mixture of Shannon’s scent and my own mixing.” I shrugged my shoulder and turned back to the stairs. I gave a small wave. “I’m going to head up to my room now, unless there is anything else?” I looked over my shoulder and walted. But my mother waved me off.
I made my escape with my suitcases, with Lynn trailing behind me. I stopped in the spare bedroom and opened the door. Lynn looked at me. “Me?”
“Yeah. This is you.” I pointed to the far side of the room. “hat’s the bathroom. But yeah, this is your room while you’re here.”
“Thank you.” Lynn dropped her suitcase and stared at me expectantly.
“What?” I stared at her with a confused look, but she still stared at me.
“Take me to your room.” Lynn lifted her arm, gesturing me to continue, but I was still confused.
“Why?” Now we were both frozen, staring at each other.
“Because when I’m here, my job is to protect you.” Lynn slowly answered as she stared at me. “Remember…”
“Yeah…” That clicked nothing for me. I was still staring at her when she closed her eyes.
“You don’t have to stand here and insult me, Amy.” Lynn’s eyes grew angry. But I raised my hands in mock surrender.
“Wait a second, I’m not insulting you. Im genuinely confused.” Lynn’s eyes flashed back to confused.
“I need to know where your room is so that I can watch it. Keep track of you when you are in it. Watch the area when you are out.” Lynn leaned against her door frame. “I’d honestly like a full tour where I see inside every room so I can make a menta map of the entire house.”
“Oh my goddess. Of course. Come on.” I felt stupid, and I deserved to. Of course, she would need to get the full tour. “Come on.” I brought her around the house, showing her all the rooms. Once we were done upstairs and my bags were securely back in my room, we headed back down the stairs. Thankfully, everyone was gone except my mother. “Everyone left?”
My mother snorted. “After you two went upstairs, Alpha Vince started to ‘talk‘ to Brandon. They headed out the door, and Morgan and Shannon went with them, following the two like lost puppies.” My mother washed another dish as she shook her head.
“Mom, let’s leave.” I walked into the kitchen and Lynn followed. “We can just transfer to a new pack. You didn’t need permission to leave dad’s pack and we don’t need Vince’s. We can handle the divorce later.” I had tried this a million times, but I hoped this time would be different.
My mother froze, and I watched her close her eyes slowly, almost painfully. “We can’t.”
“We can!”
She turned to face me and I could see the barely held in pain. “We can’t. You haven’t shifted yet. And even if you did, you would have to do it in front of the pack to prove you have. Until that happens, we are stuck.”
“But-
“We’re back.” Morgan called from the front as he opened the door. I watched as my mother shivered, and I backed
down.
It wasn’t time to tell her I can shift. I would have to do it in front of the pack first before she would even
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty Seven.
considerate: I looked back to Lynn, and she had a look in her eyes that made the want to question what she was thinking. She was staring at my mom with this look on her face; she had thought of something, but Morgant walked in and her look vanished.
My mother straightened her shoulders and smiled. “Hey honey.”
I wanted to puke. This was a mess and now that I knew the truth all around, I wanted to save my parents from their own idiocy.
“Hey babe.” Morgan cut his eyes to me and his eyes turned cy, “What were you all talking about in here?” His tone was carefree and open, but his eyes told another story
“We were talking about my summer with dad.” I smiled. “So much happened. It was an exciting and productive
summer. 
“Productive?” His tone shifted.
“Yeah. I was telling mom 1 restarted her female training course. And Cass mated the second Gamma, Greyson. “Is that why you brought…I’m sorry dear, I never caught your name.” Morgan walked over and held out his hand to Lynn. I gritted my teeth because he was full of shit. My mom cut her eyes to me and subtly shook her head. “Lynn, Beth Morgan. I’m Gamma Lynn. And yes, that is why I came here. I heard your new Gamma is still mateless. Now that the second Gamma is mated, I was free to search for my mate.” Lynn smiled.
###Next D 88
Chapter Eighty–Eight
“Oh, that’s good. Are you close to Amy?” Morgan turned to face me. But Lytin was already shaking her head: “No. I asked to come to this pack without realizing that Oakenfang was the pack her mother moved to.” Lynn’s eyes would meet mine, or my mother’s, for that matter. She was staring fully at Morgan.
“Really?” Morgan tilted his head. “Then why did you seem so close to her when you two walked in?”
Lynn smiled. “Beta, if you would have looked outside when we pulled up, I stood away from Alpha Amy and Beta Ronnie. I followed her inside since this was her home, and you were giving me a place to sleep while I explored the pack for my mate.” Lynn cut her eyes to me and there was thinly velled hatred in them: “Alpha Amy has been as polite to me as I have been to her, but I wouldn’t say we are friends.” She looked back at Morgan. “I follow the protocol my Alpha commanded me to follow.” She dipped her head.
With just a few words, she shifted her actions on to my father. Removing any suspicion that she was my friend, or confident in Morgan’s eyes. Which might actually help us. watched as Morgan relaxed a little before he turned back to me. “Amy?” 1
“Yes, Morgan?” I waited as his anger spiked. He hated that called him Morgan. He told me a million times to call him Beta Morgan. But he let it drop when I demanded him calling me Alpha Amy.
He gritted his teeth and looked back at Lynn. “I think it will be a good thing for Lynn to be shown around the pack by Shannon. We have had a few new transfers while you were gone and this way she can get the lay of the land while you settle in.”
I shot a look at Lynn, but she wasn’t looking at me. Morgan focused on me for a second and she gave the tiniest of nods. “Sure. I’m tired anyway and I have to clean my room, how that I have the time to remove Shannon’s scent from my clothing. I don’t want Brandon to get any more foolish ideas about me being his mate.”
Morgan’s jaw tightened. “Right.
11 
“Plus Shannon must be ecstatic.” I pointed out as I heard a low growl from the other room.
“What do you mean?” Morgan’s eyes cut over the doorway where I assume Shannon waited.
“Brandon is her boyfriend. And he tried to claim me, her stepsister as his mate. But now that it has been cleared up, she can go back to being his one and only.” I smiled and went to the fridge.
“Shut your stupid mouth.” Shannon stormed in. But I just opened the fridge and searched for something to eat. In reality, I was hiding my smile. Shannon is predictable, as always. She hadn’t learned how to hide her true intentions yet. That came later. “You think you are so fucking big and strong, but you can’t even shift. How- fucking pathetic are you? An alpha that can’t shift.”
I felt Nix come forward. “Who says?”
“What?”
I stood up and closed the door, still facing away from them “Who says I can’t shift?”
Shannon laughed, even Morgan chuckled a bit. “You have only been gone a few months, Amy. You were a pathetic wolf back then, and you’re still one now.” I heard Morgan’s soft hum of agreement as I turned.
But everyone gasped as they looked at my shifted face and arms. I felt my nose and mouth had shifted partially,
and giving me a snout. My teeth were shifted to my fangs, and my eyes were the gold of Nix’s. I raised my hands, my claws and black fur covered them to my elbows. “What? You just called me a pathetic wolf? A child of a Beta who isn’t even ranked. You fucking dare to call me pathetic Nix’s voice was ragged, and I watched as the two of them trembled.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty Eight
Was 
Nix released her aura and stepped forward as the two of then dropped to their knees. “Amy.” My mother’s gasp
s filled with hope. But she quickly school herself. “Release them.” I whirled on her and growled. “Nix, please.” “They disrespected us.” Nix’s voice reverberated through the house. She pushed out more power directed at the
I had on the floor and I crouched by their two on the floor and Shamon whimpered. I turned back to e pro heads. “Not so pathetic any more am 17”
“No.” Shannon’s voice was small.
“Am I Beta Morgan.” I growled out.
“No.” His voice was filled with rage.
“No, what?” I got lower and growled again by his head.
“No Alpha Amy.” He bit out each word and then I released them.
“Watch yourselves in the future.”
###Next D 89
Chapter Eighty–Nina
Chapter Eighty–Nine.
I left them all in the kitchen and retreated to my room. I closed the door and settled myself and Nix, finally shifting back to my normal face.
I’m sorry I lost control in there. Nix sounded softer, almost embarrassed.
“It’s okay.” I smiled as I flopped onto my bed. “They deserved it.” I chuckled softly as I thought of their surprised faces as they hit the ground.
What you both just did will put them on the toes. They won think they can easily manoeuvre around you anymore because your wolf has manifested itself. Megan’s voice was confident as she chastised us. She knew that this would make our lives a little harder. You both should have held it together back there.
I thought about it. “You’re right.” I admitted, and Nix nodded with me. “We should have behaved back there. It would have been easier to move in the shadows without then knowing I could shift. But we still have the upper hand.” I pointed out the fact, and they both agreed.
I pushed up from the bed and made my way to my closet. I entered it and I couldn’t smell anything, but I knew it smelled like my actual scent. I pulled all of my clothes and 1 dumped them onto the floor of my room. I felt panic bubble up from my center. If Brandon walked into my room or even by it right now, he would figure out the truth.
I heard the door slam on my last trip from my closet, and then there was a knock. I froze. Please, goddess. Please. I slowly made my way to the door and waited. A second knock came, and the door opened. I moved to slam it shut, but my mother’s voice stopped me.
“What are you doing?” She fully came into the room and made a small circle. She turned to me, eyes wide.
“My scent…” I trailed off and looked down at the clothes at my feet, then back to the closet. I turned and realized that I was screwed. “My scent, my actual scent, is stuck in this room. My clothes can be washed, but what about my bed? Mom, I don’t know what to do.”
My mom quickly surveyed the damage. “Well then, let’s use your outburst to our advantage.” My mom grabbed my basket and pushed a load of clothes into it. “Grab your dry clean only stuff and put it on your bed, along with any coats.” 
“What are you doing?” I was still frozen, unsure of what to do.
“I’m helping you. Now do as I said.” I nodded as she left the room. I heard her head down stairs as I went back to my closet. I pulled all my coats and dropped them on the bee, then I pulled out anything that had to be dry cleaned like she told me to do. She came back in and nodded, then pulled out zippered dress bags and zipped my dresses and coats in the bags.
“Mom?
She stopped and looked at me. “We are going to wash your clothes with descenting spray. We will bring these to the dry cleaners and explain that someone else wore these and your wolf has become territorial and refuses to keep these in your room. They need to be cleaned and descented. Then we will go to the furniture store and buy a new mattress with the same day’s delivery and take away for the same reasons.”
“Will that work?” I grabbed for her hand and she cupped my face.
“We will just have to sell it, babe.” She leaned in and kissed my cheek. “I won’t allow you to go–to that family, not if you don’t want to.” She pulled back and stared into my eyes. “Are you sure? Living without your mate will be hard.” I saw something flash in her eyes, pain and something else.
“I’m sure. I would rather be alone than dead.” I grabbed for the clothes that were already bagged up. “I’ll put these in the car.” She nodded her head and continued bagging more clothes. I left the room and ran down the
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter Eighty Nine
stairs, grabbing my keys on the way into the garage.
I went to my Jeep and stuffed the clothes into the bask seat before I locked it and ran back upstairs. My mom handed me the rest as she stripped my bed. “Just toss the bedding.” My mom looked up at me.
“Why?”
“I wanted a new comforter, anyway. This was it saves us more laundry. Just bag up everything and toss it all.” I turned to leave but turned back. “Will dumping descenting spray on everything cover my scent until garbage day?” “Yeah. It will work. But we will need to buy more.” I nodded and left to dump the clothes in my car.
###Next D 90
Chapter Ninety
Chapter Ninety
I came back to my room and my mother was spraying the pile of clothes with a bottle of what I could only assume was descenting spray. There were two garbage bags by the door and she nodded to them. “Bring those to the trash. I’ll meet you downstairs in a minute.”
“What are you doing?” 1 pointed to the pile of the clothes.
“Covering our asses until we get back with more spray and finish washing everything.” She lifted her lip and continued spraying. She ended up cursing under her breath and unscrewed the lip and spending the bottle on my clothes. “Stupid thing would take forever.” She pointed to the garbage bags, and I lifted them and ran down the stairs. I ran to the trash and dumped the bags, then ran back
“I told you I would meet you downstairs.” My mom was using a soaked top to run some of the descenting spray all over my mattress.
“I know, but I wanted to lock my door before we left.” She tossed the shirt back into the pile and went into my washroom and washed her hands. She came back out and grabbed a garbage bag and went back into my bathroom. I followed her in. “What are you doing?”
My mother started dumping all of my shampoo and conditioner, then deodorant, and lotions. She turned to look at me and sighed. “Baby, you have been using the same things since you turned twelve. They have become almost a part of your natural scent. We will need to find new stuff for you.”
I stepped back and sighed. “You know how hard it is to find a smell that your wolf will tolerate.”
La
“Yes, yes I do. But like I said, you used strawberry so much, it accented your natural scent. I’m worried that if we don’t change it, it will still be too similar.” She came over and kissed my head. She buried her nose in my hair and took a deep breath. “Your scent is burned into my soul, and this new one is still close enough.” She pulled back and looked at me. “I don’t want you to go through all of this, only for Brandon to find you one day and think you smell close enough to his mate that he grabs you. If he feels the sparks, your entire plan falls apart.”
“I’m i
just going to reject him when I have the space to do it without him figuring it out.”
My mother grabbed my face. “You can’t.”
She was squeezing my cheeks so much my lips puckered. “What do you mean I can’t? I have to.”
“Amy. If you reject him, he will feel it. He will go absolutely insane when he figures out his mate rejected him without facing him. His wolf will search you out, and he will come to you first.”
“Why?” I pulled her hand off my face. “Why would he come to me?”
“Because every other wolf would kill to be his mate, but you were the first woman to turn him down. Now I don’t know why, but I hope when you can, you will explain to me why you would rather change your entire life than be his mate.” My mom tossed out and I could feel the hurt coming off of her. She felt like I didn’t trust her. But I did.
“Mom…
“No, don’t tell me now. That way, if the worst happens, I can’t be used against you.” She waved her hands in front of her face. “I just meant that one day, I would like to know the truth.”
“And you will. I swear.”
My mom stared at me, really stared, and then nodded. “But back to my point, if anyone would reject him, it would be you, and Brandon knows it. Just the way you acted today would set off red flags if he was smart enough.”
“Thankfully, he is so narcistic he probably won’t put much thought into it.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety:
My moni shook her head. “That is where you are wrong, bally. Because he is so narcistic, he will focus on today, going over it repeatedly.” She tied up the bag and I said a silent goodbye to all of my favourites. “You turned him down, and now he has to figure out why a she–wolf would do that. He has gone his entire life thinking he was the goddess’s gift to all the she–wolves in this pack and now the one he truly wanted, doesn’t want him.”
“He slept with every girl that is of age in this pack.” I pointed out, and my mother nodded.
“All of them but you. You were always focused on training growing up, and now, now you don’t want him.”
###Next D 91
Chapter Ninety–One
I let her words settle, and I knew she was right. Brandon would come for me if he was rejected, so I had to keep my distance until I figured out everything else out that I needed to so that my mom and I could leave. And I had to concede that she was also right about the strawberry shampoo. It had become my signature smell since grade school. So much so that Shannon used it, even though her wolf hated it.
“You’re right.” I grabbed the bag and left my room. Once my mom came outside, I locked the door and we headed to the garage. “You will help me find a smell my wolf likes?
“Of course.” She nodded as I tossed out the bag of toiletries. “Amy, I was wondering. Has there been anything weird about Nix you wanted to talk about?” I froze for a second, but shook it off.
For a second, it sounded like my mother knew about Megan but that was impossible. It had to be. “Like what?”
“Well, she is very dominant. But how does she look?” My mom smiled at me as I slid into my seat.
“She is huge. And black.”
“I noticed the colour. You must have inherited it from your father.” She smiled for a second before it fell. “But what else?”
“She has her golden eyes.” I looked over at ber. “I can show you when we get home if you want.
My mom perked up at that. “Yes! Can we go for a run, just the two of us?” 
“You never go for a run, mum.” I backed out of the garage and headed toward the mall.
“That’s because no one here could keep up with me.” I barely heard her say. But she just shook her head and stayed quiet.
We made our way to the mall, and the first stop was the dry cleaner. We walked in with our arms full of clothes and just stopped. What are the fucking chances? “Hello ladies, what are you two doing here?” Vince’s voice called out, and I wanted to shiver. But I realized I could use this chance meeting to my benefit. Vince had a barely kept secret. And I was going to use it to my advantage to get something I wanted without raising any red flags.
I quickly adjusted my tone and temper. I lifted my lip and called out. “Dropping off my tainted clothes, hopefully we will save them, or they will go in the trash.” I turned back to my mother who had hidden her face in the bag of clothes she was carrying. “Do you really think they’ll be able to remove her stink?”
“Her stink?” Vince stepped over to us. “Whose stink?”
I rolled my eyes and turned to face him. “Alpha Vince. You told me yourself that Shannon has admitted to using my clothing. So much so that your son thought I was his mate. Now I don’t know about you, but my wolf doesn’t like the idea of someone else, especially Shannon, rolling around in her things.”
Vince stared at me for a few seconds before he nodded slowly. ”
doesn’t relish the thought.” He looked down
at the bags. “So you’re washing all of your stuff to get her scent off of it all.”
I nodded. “I don’t want there to be any more confusion. Plus, Nix is repulsed by using the same things Shannon used to trick your son.
My mother huffed. “Yes Amy, I am sure they will get the stench of her from your clothes.” She rolled her eyes. “I don’t understand what the big deal is. I already told you we can’t remove your carpet.”
Vince turned to me. “Your carpet. In your bedroom?”
“She walked on it. She probably laid in my bed, rubbing herself on my stuff, trying to smell like me. Do you she even started using my shampoo?” I let a growl work its way past my lips. “I don’t like it. And I shouldn’t have
know
12
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Ninety One
to deal with another wolf using half my scent to charm someone else’s mate. Specially a lower, unranked wolf.” I lifted my lip in disgust as I looked at him. I saw the agreement in his eyes.
I knew who he was from my past life. His outlook on lower wolves was something I had to combat daily once we is something I had to combat daily once we took over the pack. I tried to be a caring, loving luna like my mother’s way. No matter the rank. Every day, I had to fight Vince’s prejudice. And I hated it, and him.
But now I could see the wheels turning in my mind. “There is a company that I use now and then.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 92
Chapter Ninety Two
Chapter Ninety–Two
$25 BONUS
Bingo. I wanted to roll my eyes. He used it weekly after the big pack meetings he threw together. But I needed him to offer it up, otherwise he would see it as a red flag and focus on me. “A company?” My mother huffed another breath. Just a mom trying to deal with her insufferable daughter. “For what?”
“They have perfected cleaning carpets so that unwanted scents don’t linger.” He snapped his eyes to my mother and then back to me. “1 know how it feels to have an alpha wolf who is territorial. It’s not Amy’s fault Ainsley.”
I smiled and turned to look at my mother. “I told you.” I posted. “You kept saying it was too much. That Shannon was my sister and I should just get over it.”
“Well, she is.” My mother pointed out, but I let out another growl.
“She is an unranked wolf who used my belongings to trick the alpha’s son into dating her.” I threw out and I watched as Vince’s eyes tightened. He apparently hadn’t thought about it because Shannon was Morgan’s
acted as if she was ranked. She walked around and treated everyone as if she was a beta, but in fact, she wasn’t even strong enough to be a second gamma.
daughter. Sh
“That is neither here nor there.” Vince’s voice was tight. “Here.” He fished out his wallet and pulled a business card. “Call them. They can usually do the same day cleaning Once you’re done here, you can call them to come out.”
My mother huffed out a breath. “Well, after this we have to go buy her a new mattress. She refuses to even touch it. Said it was tainted.” My mother tossed out, exasperated.
But Vince actually nodded. “She’s right. Shannon was desperate for my son’s attention.” Vince was quiet for a minute. Then he looked at me. “It wasn’t until Brandon came of age and was smelling out his mate that your sister made any headway.”
H
I nodded. “She probably stole an outfit thinking it was cute and might get him to look, but it was the combination of our scents that pulled him in.” I shook my head in disappointment. “I’m sorry I helped fool Brandon. It wasn’t intentional at all. Brandon and I have always had a cordial relationship, and I wanted to keep it that way.”
“Why?” Vince stopped me. I wanted to curse, but I answered honestly. “My mom always said that our mate was sacred. And I didn’t see a point in chasing after men I had no reason to. My mom always said that when I came of age, I would find the perfect match for my wolf, and the soul mate of my human half. So why would I add feelings into the mix until I had to? There is no point in falling in love when I wasn’t sure if that was the person I was meant to be with.” I tilted my head and said the one thing that would seal this for Vince. “I wanted to remain pure and untouched for my mate.” I wanted to gag. Even though it was truly how I felt, I didn’t like the way he was staring at me. Almost leering.
His smile was somehow worse. He grinned and nodded. “Your mate will be a very lucky wolf.” He looked me up and down and I held back a shiver.
“Thank you Alpha. I can’t wait until I meet my mate.” I smiled and then turned to leave.
“There is one more thing, Amy.” Vince grabbed for me and was too slow to evade him with everything in my arms. His fingers stroked down the bare skin of my arm, almost caressing me.
What is it?” I turned and slipped away from his touch.
“You are just eighteen and I know it is a distant issue, but mates are harder and harder to find nowadays. You should set a time frame for yourself. Find a wolf, like my son, of equal strength that you can build a relationship with. That way…” He trailed off and he was rubbing his fingers together, like he was thinking about touching me again and I could feel vomit rising in my chest.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter Ninety–Two 
“That way what, Alpha?” He shook himself and smirked.
That way, you have options in case you don’t find your mate. Or if the worst happens and goddess forbid your mate betrays you, you know where to turn.” His smile was predatory, but I ignored it.
“That is very smart advice, Alpha. I will have to consider it and look at who my options for building a friendship with.” I smiled and bowed my head, and my mother did the same. We made our way to the counter and handed in my clothes.
###Next D 93
Chapter Ninety–Three
Chapter Ninety–Three
+25 BONUS
Thank you.” I smiled as we walked out of yet another stor. I was exhausted, but we still had more stops to make. I looked at everything in my hands: my new sheets, blankets, pillows. Everything we threw away, we had replaced. Except for my bed. “I’m tired, my head hurts, and I’m-”
“Whining.” My mom finished. But she smiled. “We just need to get you a new mattress and get the old one hauled away.”
“Plus, finish the laundry and get the carpets cleaned.” I pointed out. She closed her eyes.
“I forgot.” She stretched out her back and tied her hair up. Now, let’s finish this part up. I still need to fix dinner.”
“Why don’t we just order food? Morgan and Shannon will survive a day of take out.” My mom rolled her eyes and I watched as she bobbed her head back and forth. Then she decided. –
“Fine. You’re right.” She gave a final nod. “We will grab pizza and they can just suck it up.”
“Yes!” I pumped my arm and pulled her into the mattress store. I wanted this day finished so I could curl up in my fresh bed. We walked around for exactly five seconds before a salesperson came up and within another twenty, we were walking out, with a delivery time of an hour. “Werewolf business’s rock. If this was a human store, it would be days until I could get my new bed.”
“Yeah, well, they only help the neighbouring packs, so they have an easier time.” My mom pulled me to toward the exit. “Let’s go grab the pizza. I still have that mountain for clothes to do.”
“Ugh. Don’t remind me.” I wilted thinking about those clothes. I jumped into the driver’s seat and started my Jeep as my mom put everything in the back. I waited until she got in before I handed her the card Vince gave us. “I don’t want to use them. Mainly because Vince gave us their card, but I also want to wipe out my actual scent completely.”
She grunted as she took the card and called as I drove. “Hellb. Yes, do you have availability today? One room. Yes, bedroom. Alpha Vince gave us your card. Oh, you can. Perfect.” I listened to her as she set up everything. Then she called in the pizza. I headed to the pizza place, but she pointed to a different parking lot.
“What?”
My mom touched her lips as she finished the order. I pulled into the parking lot and waited for her to tell me what we were doing here. She hit end and turned to me. “The carpet guys tried to give me the runaround until I told them Vince gave us the card. Now, they will be at the house in an hour.”
“Okay?”
“The pizza will be ready in twenty minutes.” She opened the door, but I grabbed her.
“Okay, but why are we here?” I pointed to the strip mall.
“We need descenting spray.”
“Right…” I was apparently dumb because that didn’t seem like the answer to my question. I twirled my hand.” What does that have to do with the strip mall with a nail salon, a survival store, and what looks to be a tex–mex restaurant?”
“Amy…where do you think descenting spray comes from?”
“Same place where we get laundry stuff from. Walker’s.” Walker’s is the werewolf community’s version of a superstore. They had everything.
1/2
Chapter Ninety Three
+25 BONUS
“No baby. Descenting spray is made for hunting parties and survivalists. It’s to stop rogues from smelling you. She opened her door again and waved me out of the car. “Come meet Carl.” We walked to a store with blacked–out windows.
“Who the hell is Carl?”
She just laughed as she walked into the survival store, Wildwood Survival. “Hey Carl.”
“Luna Ainsley. Fancy seeing you here.” The giant of a man lled from behind the counter. “And who have you brought to visit me?”
“This is Amy.” My mother pulled me beside her and wrapped her arm around my waist. “My daughter.”
“You brought your pup to meet me?” Carl raised his eyebrows and had a giant smile. He looked at me. “You are a pretty little thing. But let’s see how strong you are.” Carl slammed his aura out to clash with me, and he was staggeringly strong. He just wasn’t as strong as I was. I gave a toothy grin and slammed my aura out to meet his, His eyes widened as he hit his knees. “Holy goddess.” I pulled my aura back in.
“Sorry.” I gave a sheepish look, but he laughed.
“Don’t be sorry. If I was going to choose anyone to follow, have to make sure they are worth following.
I turned to my mother, then back to him. “I won’t be the luna of the Oakenfang pack.”
He lifted a brow. “Who said I was talking about that pack?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 94
Chapter Ninety–Four 
Chapter Ninety–Four
+26 BONUS 
That stopped me for a minute. I looked back at my mother and she smiled “Carl here, is what you would call nomad. He was a part of my father’s pack, but tralled with me to your fathers, and then to here. He refused to swear fealty to Vince. So he stays off pack lands. He set up shop here, and since he is one of the few warriors skilled enough to make descenting spray, Vince tolerates him.” My mother went over to Carl and kissed his cheek.
“Always a pleasure to see my
Luna,” 
“Oh, so he meant he follows you.” I bounced my finger between the two and my mom looked up at Carl, who also gave a tiny nod.
“Yes, and no. Carl here is also a shaman.”
“A what?”
“A shaman.” My mother held out her hand and I walked over to them. “Your father had his grandmother’s help with his pack.” She stared at me. “My father had Carl.” I could see it in her eyes. She was asking me to understand.
“Shamans are like grandmother?” I tilted my head and Carl laughed.
“Yes, and no.” This time it was him. “We are blessed by the goddess, but our gifts are different. We connect to the land and the goddess. But we mostly get these feelings.”
“Feelings?”
“Yes. Say, a wolf comes in, and he is sick. Lmight get the feeling of pain, or feeling uncomfortable. I can’t see a clear picture, but I know something is wrong.” He tried to explain, but laughed. “It’s not much of an explanation, but if you had it, you would understand.”
“Daddy? Who are you talking to?” A little girl came from the back room.
“Come here Carly.” He waved her over and picked her up from the ground. “I want you to meet someone very special.” The little girl was adorable, with bright blonde pigtails and chocolate brown eyes. Her mouth was smudged with what looked to be peanut butter and jam.
“Carl, you never told me.” My mom covered her mouth and I could see tears welling up in her eyes.
“You have had it rough, and I couldn’t risk it.” His eyes danced between us. “Vince would have tried to take her.”
My mother gasped, and I knew something was about to happen. I walked back to the door and locked it, flipping over the open sign for good measure. “I don’t know what’s happening, but I think this would be a good time to get away from prying eyes.” I stared out of the door and searched the empty parking lot.
“What’s wrong?” My mom went to come over to me, but Carl grabbed her arm.
“Something is coming.” I turned back to Carl, and he nodded. “You knew?“–
“Not exactly. But I brought my kid with me today when I’ve never done it before.” He hugged the little girl tighter.
“Why?”
“Because you needed to see there were people loyal to you. His words were a whisper as his eyes clouded over. I looked back to the parking lot, and I saw Vince and Brandon walking over.
“Mom.”
“Yeah baby?”
“Take Carly, Carl, and hide.” My mom pulled Carl and the little girl into the back room and I turned back to the
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety–Four
store. I scanned the room quickly and saw a self of descenting spray. I rushed to it, and grabbed a bottle before throwing it on to the ground and stepping on it, breaking the bottle and sending the liquid rushing out.
The smells from around the room disappeared and I went to the back room and grabbed a wet floor sign and the mop. My mother’s wide eyes met mine, but I held my finger to my lips. There was a knock on the door, and I could see the fear in little Carly’s face. But my mom held her tightly as Carl just stared out with his blank eyes. It was like he wasn’t there anymore.
I walked back out. “Just a minute.” I called and put the wet floor sign out. I stomped in the liquid, sending it splattering more on the floor. The knock sounded again. “aid just a minute.” I put as much exasperation as I could and then opened the door with the mop in hand. “Alpha Vince. Brandon.” I jumped back in surprise. “What are you two doing here?”
“We were fol-”
“We came by to see Carl and restock up on some essentials” Vince cut Brandon off.
I nodded and wheeled my mop bucket back to the puddle. “Carl had to run out for some restock, but he should be back in a few hours.” I lied as I turned back to the two men. Is there anything I could help you with?”
$25 DONUS 
Chapter Ninety Five:
###Next D 95
Chapter Ninety Five:
Chapter Ninety–Five 
I turned back to the spill and picked up the broken plastic bottle. I tossed it in the trash I saw and mopped up the spray. “You work here?” Brandon’s voice was incredulous
“Not really. Carl is my mom’s friend. We came here for descenting spray. But Carl asked my morn about a contact back in her dad’s old pack and then they took off. Asking me to watch the store.” I smiled as I lied through my
teeth.
didn’t see them leave.” Vince turned around and silenced Brandon with a look.
out the back, since that’s where ck is. My mom role here with me, but Carl will give her a ride back here
“Well…I didn’t realize you were watching.” I laughed as I stared at them and I saw Brandon’s wince. “They went
and we will go home.”
“Do you know where they went?” Vince shopped, and I made my way to the counter. I prayed I was going to be able to work the cash register.
“They said they were going down the road for ingredients, but that they might have to go all the way to my grandpa’s pack for one specific ingredient. He said he was making a new batch of spray.” I lifted y shoulder and settled on the stool.
“You’re not sure.”
I laughed. “She is my mother, not the other way around. I am sure there are a ton of things you do that Brandon doesn’t know about.”
Vince stared at me. “Yeah, but I’m the Alpha.”
I tilted my head. “I think you forget sometimes that my mom is also an alpha.” I raised my shoulders again. “I learned a long time ago not to question her.”
Vince gave a quick nod and grabbed a few things. Brandon, on the other hand, came over to talk to me. He leaned on the counter and gave his best charming smile. “Hey Amy” 
1 furrowed my brows. What was he trying to do here? “Uh, hi Brandon.”
“How are you?” He stared into my eyes, but I could see him flexing the arm he was leaning on. I had to do a slow blink to cover my eye roll.
“I’m great. How are you?” I politely smiled and looked over to Vince, who was staring at us, like a stalker. When his eyes met mine, he went back to shopping.
“I’m great now that I see you.”
I nearly gagged. I nodded along. “Oh really? Did you have something you wanted me to tell Shannon about you? Or did you like to lose your phone and need me to tell her or something?” I played stupid.
“What? No! I just wanted to see you.” Brandon straightened and sent a weird look to his father. Who, by the way, was once again staring.
“Why?” I leaned down over the counter and rested my head in my hands.
“Why what?” Brandon tried to recover.
“Why did you want to see me?” I sat back up as he tried to lean close. “We aren’t friends, barely even acquaintances. I think we have barely said a few words to each other, and most of those were about or because of Shannon. You know, my stepsister, the girl you are still dating.” I smirked at him as he did his best to recover.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety–Five
That’s only because…” He trailed off and looked to his dad I watched as Alpha Vince mind–linked him and he turned back and smiled. “It’s because you were so beautiful I was Intimidated. I talked to Shannon about you, and she swore you would become interested in me if we pretended to date.” He leaned back over the counter. “It was all just a ploy to get your attention.”
I leaned back on to the counter and I watched as lits smile got bigger, more confident. I leaned in really close to his face and when I was a hair’s breath away from his lips; I looked him in the eye. “Well, it was hard not to pay attention when you and Shannon hooked up for hours in the room next to mine.” He jerked back and his smile dropped. But mine got bigger. “You seem to have good stamina, but come on, did you really believe that was really how she sounds? It was right out of a movie. A bad one.” I shed back off the counter. I turned to Vince and back to Brandon. “If you really wanted to catch my attention, sleeping with my stepsister was probably the worst way to do it. I want a mate who waited for me, just like I did for them.” This time around, I was sticking to my morals. In my last life, I looked past it. And look where that got me ‘Now, is there anything I can help you with in the store?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 96
apter Ninety–Six
Chapter Ninety–Six
Vince walked up to the counter with a few things. “Now, now, Brandon might have gone about talking to you in the wrong way, but he only had good intentions.” He put everything on the counter.
“Yeah. I heard what his intentions were through the wall most nights.” I snorted my laugh. “I can appreciate the effort. Really, I can. But I have a rule. I don’t date someone friend or family member has dated.” I met Brandon’s eyes. “I sure as heck won’t sleep with the same men.”
I watched as he deflated. “What? You can’t be serious…” He looked at his dad. I could see the disbelief on both
their faces.
“What are you saying here, Amy?” Vince tapped a finger on the countertop. “That you would only be with a virgin man?” His laugh was annoying. “If that is a requirement, think you will be alone for your entire life.” Brandon chuckled.
I nodded. “I mean it’s possible.”
Vince straightened. “You can’t be serious.”
“Why not? Are virgin male wolves that elusive?” They both stared at me like I had lost my mind. “What?”
“When a male wolf enters shifting age, their aggression and hormones go haywire. The only know way to stop them from killing others in the pack is to ensure they have a partner to take their excess energy on.” Vince widened his stance like he was teaching me something, but he wasn’t.
I nodded along. “Yeah. I remember learning that in school. I was so blown away I brought it up to my father the but following summer. He said he was punishing a wolf coming into his shifting time, his second gamma now, back then, just another wolf. I pointed out that it wasn’t fait. His hormones were so out of whack and he had not one to take his anger out on.” Vince nodded. “But my dad froze.”
“Why?”
“He then explained that it was a lie. Older male wolves told the next generation that it was normal and even expected that male wolves would have a harder time controlling their wolves. And that it should be expected that men would sleep around because they did that themselves. I met Vince’s eyes. “And all the following generations built this whole lie so that their sons, and their sons, wouldn’t be judged the same way female wolves were if they lost their virginity before mating. They wanted the excuse so that men could do whatever they wanted and it could be blamed on hormones.”
“That’s not true. Males do have a bigger surge of aggression.” Vince sounded disgusted at my father.
“True. But aggression can be channeled in a million different ways. My father’s pack uses warrior training for all the wolves coming of age.” I lifted a shoulder. “Each pack has their own way, I guess.”
I pulled his stuff towards me. But Vince slammed his hand down on the counter and growled. “Are you talking down about our pack, MY pack?”
“No Alpha Vince, just pointing out that there are other ways other than sex to work our aggression. Each pack has their way. If I grew up just here, I would follow your way without question.” I looked down. “I would probably feel exactly as you do. That men need their release to be safe.” Brandon looked confused. “But I wasn’t just raised here. I have seen other ways that work. So I guess that gave me unrealistic expectations from my mate. My father trained through this aggression.”
“He also cheated on your mother,” Vince tossed out. “He betrayed her and left her vulnerable.”
I felt my hackles rise. But my mother and Carl banged in from the back door. “Thank you for coming with me, Ainsley. You always negotiate better than I do for the sorrel Carl carried in a giant bag of leaves.
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety Six
“It’s no worry. I’m just happy they met us-” They both looked up and froze. “Alpha Vince, Brandon. What are you two doing here?” My mom’s eyes bounced between the three of us.
“We came in to buy a few things, and Amy here was explaining the practises of her dad’s pack.” Vince growled out.
I smiled and nodded. “I explained dad uses training to deal with the extra aggression of male wolves.” “Why?” My mother walked closer to me and I saw the tightness around her eyes,
“They were just surprised why I had such high-
“Unrealistic standards.” Brandon cut in.
“High standards.” I glared at him. “For my mate or anyone want to date. I was just explaining that I wouldn’t date or mate with anyone that had slept with a friend or family member. That I wanted my mate to be just for me. Like how you and dad taught me.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety Seven
###Next D 97
Chapter Ninety Seven
Chapter Ninety–Seven
“Oh.” My mother laughed. She waved her hand. “I think all parents want their kids to have high standards for the one they mate with. Don’t you Alpha Vince.” My mom wrapped her arm around me. “As parents, we just want the absolute best for our pups.” She looked over at Brandon. “Take your son, for example. You want him to mate with the best female he can find, don’t you?”
Vince seemed to settle, and he nodded. “Yes. Yes, I do.” Vince stared at me but I turned to Carl.
“Sorry Carl, I wanted to help, but I do not know how to check someone out.” I smiled and waved my hands over the register.
“I told you to lock up.” Carl walked over and sniffed. “Did you drop a descenting spray bottle?” He pointed to the mop bucket next to the counter.
“Yeah. I’m sorry. I wasn’t paying attention and bumped into the shelf when I went to lock the door. I was cleaning the mess when the Alpha knocked to come in.” I grabbed the mop. “I’m sorry for not listening.
“No, it wasn’t her fault. It was our fault. We should have waited outside for you guys to return.” Brandon jumped. in, trying to save me, but I knew it was just his act. He pretended to care at first.
In our first life, he was the perfect mate until the actual mating ceremony. Once I was bonded to him, he switched the act off. His mask dropped, you could say. He became aggressive. Abusive even. He took my strong, amazing, wolf and turned her into a submissive creature.
His wolf chipped away at me and Megan. He turned our love for him into something perverse. Nix’s voice whispered in my mind.
What’s wrong? I sent strength to my two wolves.
Megan is struggling. Thorn has been talking to us, or trying to anyway. She is having a hard time not accepting him as her mate. It’s chipping away at our resolve. Nix called back to me and I felt my face tighten. I turned back to Brandon.
“Excuse me Brandon. Could you please speak with your wolf?”
“What do you mean?” He played dumb and I think that irked me even more.
“Nix told me he has been trying to speak with her. She doesn’t like it. She asks that you keep him in line.”
Brandon almost staggered back. “She doesn’t even want to speak with him?”
“No.” I turned and left it at that. “I’m going to clean this up. Can you call me when we are ready to go, mom?” I could feel Vince’s and Brandon’s eyes on me, but I pushed the mop bucket towards the back
“Of course, baby.” She had turned back to the store and started grabbing things she wanted.
“That will be fifty–four sixty two Alpha Vince.” Carl’s voice snapped them back to him and I entered the back room. My eyes snapped to the little girl on the floor, eyes wide and clouded as drool slipped down her cheek. I felt panic crawling up my spine, but I pushed the door closed behind me.
dropped the mop as quietly as I could and rushed over to Carly. Her little body was icy from the floor, and I picked her up and cradled her. I bit my lip, hard to keep from screaming for help, and I looked around to see if there was anything I could cover her with.
She convulsed, and a soft whine made it out of her mouth, but I covered it with a cough. She was shaking, and her little body was slipping out of my hands until I tucked one arm under her legs and held her shoulders to my chest. I made my way to the sink and turned the water full blast before I walked to the very back of the room behind the
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety Seven
boxes of stock and slipped down to the floor. I held Carly close until her little body calmed down. Her breathing, grew even, but her eyes remained clouded.
I was not equipped to help this little girl in any way, not when I had no idea what was going on. I heard the back door open
and Carl’s voice was deep. “You are not allowed in my back room.” The door slammed shut with a loud bang and voices raised.
But after a few minutes, everything became quiet, and the door opened up again. I looked around to see if there was anywhere I could hide, or put Carly down, but there was nowhere. I tried to push some boxes to the side to fit her on a shelf, but then I heard two sets of footsteps heading towards us, and I froze. They were moving quietly, suspiciously quietly. If it was my mother, or Carl, they would call out wouldn’t they?
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 98
Chapter Ninety–Eight
Chapter Ninety–Eight
I looked down at the little girl in my arms, with the white, clouded eyes and knew that I would do anything to protect her. She wasn’t my pup, but that didn’t matter. She was helpless. Nix and Megan surged forward, and I lifted my hand. Claws and black fur flowed down my arms. held Carly to my chest as footsteps came closer.
I felt my fangs descend, and then Megan, beautiful smart Megan, tapped into our power and it too, flowed down my arm. I held my hand out. As the steps came closer, my power sent white whipping tendrils down my arm, ready to snap out of whoever came around the end of the shelves.
I bent my knees, ready to run. It seemed like time froze and the realization hit me like a ton of bricks. I would kill Alpha Vince and Brandon for this little girl. Because I had this feeling in the pit of my stomach, that if Vince found her like this, he wouldn’t let her go.
He would either take her. Or kill her.
And I knew Carl and my mother wouldn’t allow that to happen. So it was them or us, and I chose us. I let the realization settle. And I opened my mouth to scream as the steps rounded the corner.
And Carl and my mother both stood with their mouths dropped open, staring at me.
I felt my arms slump; the adrenaline draining like water out of me. My power and fur receded, and I was left a little shaky. Carly thrashed again, and I held her closer to my chest so I wouldn’t drop her.
“I don’t know what is happening to her.” I looked up at Carl and he rushed over. “I found her on the floor, but I knew I couldn’t call out for you two.” I held her out to Carl as he got close enough and I watched as realization hit him square in the face.
He paled and looked back at my mom, and shook his head. “Fuck.‘
“What’s wrong?” My mom rushed over and saw her face and she paled. “Fuck.”
“What is going on?” I looked from Carly’s face and back up to theirs.
“She is a shaman.” My mom looked at me and I could see she was afraid.
“Okay…” I looked up at Carl. “So is her dad.”
“You don’t understand, baby.” My mom gripped my arms that were still holding Carly. “When Carl came into his power, shamans were accepted. Rejoiced even.”
“Okay, so why does that matter?” I looked at Carl. “He’s your age.”
“No baby. Shaman’s live longer than most wolves. And there is only one at a time.” My mom looked at Carl.
“What are you saying…” I pointed to them both.
“It means that now that she is coming into her powers, 1 will…” Tears appeared at the side of his eyes. “I’ll be…” It was like he couldn’t finish the sentence and my mom laid her hand on his arm.
“It means that Carl is going to die.”
reeled back. “What? Why?”
Carl swallowed. “Shamans are rare. Something I think you have a little bit of understanding.” His eyes met mine.”
But there has to be a balance.”
“Too many would throw the world in to chaos.” My mom finished.
“How long?”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety–Eight
Carl shook his head, and a tear fell on to his daughter’s face “There is no way to tell. She has to come fully into her powers, and the goddess, in her wisdom, gives the current shaman time to train them.”
“So we have time.” I swallow past the lump in my throat.
“Not enough. She shouldn’t have had her first vision until he came of age.” My mother traced a finger down Carly’s cheek.
“Explain.” I furrowed my brow. “Her eyes…slic is in a vislam?” My eyes looked at Carl. “You had one earlier too.” He nodded, finally taking his daughter into his arms.
“I did.” Carl hugged his little girl to his chest, and he buried his nose into her hair. “I am so sorry, baby.” His voice caught, and then he hit his knees. I watched as this enormous man, this wolf, broke down.
“Mom.” I looked up, lost only to find her just as lost as I felt
“We don’t have long.” My mom’s words barely carried over his sobs. “Carl once told me he started having visions when he was sixteen and by eighteen, his grandmother was gone.” She bit her lip. “The earlier the visions start, the more powerful the shaman. The faster they master their powers…”
I felt my mouth drop open. Carly was four or five. Her small body was still flopping around, stuck behind the veil of her vision. “The faster the last shaman dies.” I finished, and she nodded.
###Next D 99
Chapter Ninety–Nine
The silence settled around us as Carl mourned over his daughter. “But we aren’t for sure…” I waited, hoping someone would say something, anything. But my mom and Carl stayed quiet.
“Amy.” My mom started.
“Can we delay her learning somehow?” I tried to think of any other solution that didn’t leave a little girl without her father.
“No.” Carl’s voice was soft. “If I even try, then the universe kicks in and we have a shaman that doesn’t know their full potential.” He finally looked up from his daughter “Ainsley…I hate to ask this of you.”
“You don’t have to ask.” She leaned down and kissed his cheek.
“I need to know how long…” I pushed.
“Why?” Carl looked at me.
“Because.” I walked away and came back. My skin was itching to tell them to leave now. Something was screaming at me to tell them to pack up their shit and hide.
“What do you feel?” Carl’s voice was deep, thoughtful, and terrifying,
“What?” My mom looked at Carl, but he wouldn’t move his eyes from me.
“You need to hide. You need to leave. Nothing good comes from you being here. It just leaves her in danger.” My voice was deeper. I felt the world shift, and my eyes did too. Only this time, it wasn’t the eyes of my wolf. I went from seeing the world around me to nothing.
“What’s happening?” My mother gasped. “How is this ever possible?”
“I don’t know.” Carl’s voice was a whisper.

“Darkness surrounds this pack. If the three spirited one takes too long to figure it out, or the shaman falls into the hands of the tainted alphas, the world as we know it will be lost. Darkness and evil will seep in to the world and corrupt everything bright.” I felt my body turn and looked down at the little wolf. “You need to hide her.”
I heard an intake of breath and my mother’s hands came up to cup my face. “The three spirited one?” I felt her lean in. “Who is the three spirited one?”
I felt my head tilt. “You know who the three spirited one is Luna, you need to find out the truth of your past, before you ruin your future.” She shuddered, but pulled me into her arms.
“Carl?” My mother’s voice trembled, and I wanted to reassure her, but I wasn’t myself.
“I know it’s terrifying. But just like me, she will come out of it.”
“What is it? She has done nothing like this before.”
“What changed lately?”
“Nothing.” My mother started, but then stopped. “The beginning of the summer, she woke up and was just different.” I heard her shift. “She said she needed to hide her scent, and I called my ex. I knew that his family had power. It wasn’t really hidden in the pack. And he could help her. She came back with an unfamiliar scent, but that’s it.”
“Wolves can’t change their scent, not alone, and not for long.” Carl’s voice was strong but quiet. “The only way for Amy to have changed her scent would be if the goddess herself granted her the power of her father.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter Ninety Nipe
“What does that even mean?”
Me are some wolves that come from a latnily that have human ancestors, ones that have powers.”
“Yeah, Gavin’s grandmother had power. Well, he said she did.”
“Any descendants of hers will have to go through an awakening. Just like a shaman. If their powers are awakened and they are able to balance them with their wolves, then they can shift and use their goddess given power.
“Three spirited…” I heard her intake of breath. “Goddess ne.”
Carl was quiet for a minute. “Have you told her?”
“No.”
“You have to. She needs to know.” Carl shifted.
“The three spirited one already knows. She has been watching.” My voice was thick and foreign.
“Carl?”
“She is right. She has three souls. Her wolf, her human witch, and-”
“Stop.” My mother’s voice was sharp. “Not here.” 
“Fine, but you will have to tell her soon. She obviously has things she has to do, and if you keep her in the dark too long, you might jeopardize everything
The two of them were quiet for a minute. “What are you going to do?” My mother questioned.
“I’m going to listen to your daughter. Im going to pack up and take Carly with me.”
“Where will you go?”
“I don’t know. We have nowhere safe.”
The voice came from me. “Silvermoon will be a safe haven for you and your child. There is a pathway under the gazebo. Take it to the sea. You will find a burnt husk of a cabin there. Rebuild. She will be safe there from all who wish to find her.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
X
GET IT NOW
###Next D 100
Chapter 100
“Daddy?” Her soft voice was terrifled. “What happened?”
“Hey baby.” Carl’s voice softened. “How are you feeling?”
+25 BONUS
“Are you going to leave me now?” Her voice quivered, and heard Carl choke up.
“Noty
“Not yet, baby. But soon.”
My eyes finally started to clear. “He will never truly leave you, young shaman. That I can promise. Our ancestors live on through us. And he will watch over you.” The voice was softer, and when my vision fully cleared, I held her face n my hands.
“Amy…you promise?”
“I pro
I promise.” I kissed her head and she sighed.
“I saw what’s to come.” Her voice was stronger. “I know my daddy will go, but you will be there with me. Every step of the way.”
Η
“Of course I will.” I didn’t even think about it. I promised to take this baby in.
“Amy!” My mom cut in. But Carly looked up at her.
“I know my daddy asked you, but you have your own path, and she and I have our own.” Her voice was so much
Ik older than it should have been..
I looked at my mom. “She’s right. I don’t know how we know, just that she is.” I looked at Carl. “You feel it as well.” He just nodded. I turned back to my mother. “It seems we have a lot to talk about.”
I watched her swallow and then nod. “Yes, I think we do.” She turned to Carl. “We have to go. We have spent too much time here as it is. But I will come back tomorrow.“‘
Carl shook his head. “Don’t bother, I’ll be leaving tonight.” He hugged Carly closer. “Can you call Gavin for me?”
My mother shivered, but I pulled out my phone. I dialed my father’s number. “Amy? Is everything okay?” His voice came over the line and I felt the part of my soul settle. Every time I leave him and the pack, I leave a part of myself back there.
“Yeah daddy. Everything is okay. I have a favour to ask you.
“What ever it is, it’s yes.” He chuckled. “You know I could never say no to you.”
“Please. Just listen.” He heard the seriousness in my voice, and his chuckle trailed off.
“Okay baby. What can I help with?”
“Have you ever had a feeling?” I stumbled over my words. I didn’t know how to explain it.
“I need more of an explanation, Amy.”
“Have you ever met a shaman…”
“Your mother introduced you to Carl?” His voice was surprised. “How is the old bastard?”
Carl chuckled. “I’m good Gavin.” I hit the speakerphone and my father’s surprise filtered through. I saw my mom sag against the shelf at his voice.
“Carl, it’s good to hear your voice.” They went through the idle chitchat that people do, and then my father
+25 BONUS
Chapter 100
steered the call back to the matter at hand. “This isn’t why you called, is it?”
“No.” Carl’s voice was frank. “I need your help.” 
“You need my help? And you convinced Amy to help you?” He sounded a little taken aback.
“No daddy. I had…” I looked at Carl. “I don’t know what happened.‘
“She had a vision of sorts.” Carl tried to help.
“A vision?”
“Is that normal with your line?” Carl hedged his bet.
“Not with me, but my grandmother did.” My father became quiet. “What did you see?”
“Destruction. Death. The end of our kind,” Carly and I said together.
? 
“What is going on, Amy?”
“Carly’s come into her power.” I watched as Carl tried to push down his feelings.
“Whose Carly?” My dad asked.
“Carl’s four–year–old daughter.” I looked down at the girl, but she shook her head.
“I’m four and a half.” Her little voice made me smile.
“Oh Carl. I am so sorry.” My dad comforted him, but he was already shaking his head.
“Nothing you should apologize for.”
“What can I do?”
“Grandma’s cabin…They need to go there.”
“It’s a burnt husk baby, you saw that for yourself.”
“Carl will rebuild it with Carly. When the cabin is done…” I trailed off, I looked up and met his eyes. He gave a small nod. Carl knew and understood that as soon as the cabin was rebuilt, his time was up.
“We can’t stay here.” Carl put out.
“You are more than welcome back.” My dad was quiet for a moment. “Does you mother know? I don’t want her to be surprised by this. I don’t want to hurt her.” I watched as a tear slipped down her face and she turned away.
“Yeah daddy, she knows.” I looked back at Carly. “If Carly falls into the wrong hands, then everything we are trying to protect will fall.”
“I understand.” He was quiet. “This is becoming a bigger mess than expected, faster than I expected.”
###Next D 101
Chapter 101
Chapter 101 
I looked between my mother and Carl. “Yeah. It is.”
“Have you settled in and started on anythingi
I laughed. “I have been home for less than I day. I’ve just been focused on cleaning my room.”
“Removing the rest of the old scent, 1 assume?‘
“Yeah. The Alpha and his son met me at the house as soon as I arrived back home.” He laughed.
“What a joke. They tried to catch you as soon as you got back.” His voice grew serious. “Carl, I’ll have everything ready for you.”
“Daddy?”
“Yeah?”
“How fast can the plane get back here?”
“One second, we might be in luck.” I heard him put his cell down and pick up his desk phone. “Ronnie, where are you right now?” 
There was a silence. “How long until you two make it to the plane?” There were a few uh huhs, and then my dad said something that settled my stomach. “No, I need you to wait at the airport. Amy is sending two people to meet you. You remember Gavin? Yeah, him and his little girl. Should be quick but just in case there is any delay, I need you to wait there for them. Thanks, man.” My dad hung up the received and picked up his phone. “You heard all that, baby?” a
“Yeah daddy.” I looked at Carl and he nodded.
“Thank you Gavin.” Carl kissed Carly.
“No, thanks needed. I’ll talk to you later, pup.” My dad said his goodbyes, but then he stopped. “How’s your mom?”
“She’s okay.” I looked over at her and she turned to look at the phone, surprised.
“Goddess, I miss her.” His voice was quiet. “I love you both pup. Never question it.”
“I know daddy. I love you too.” I hung up without meeting her eyes. I turned to the two shamans. “Leave quickly.”
“What do you mean?”
“You raised Vince’s suspicion.” I was sure of it
?
“If he think’s your hiding something, he will chase you like a dog with a bone.” My mother nodded along with me. “She’s right. You made too big of a deal with Brandon coming back here to say goodbye to Amy.” She looked at me. “He will be organizing a hunt for you, if I could guess.”
“Don’t even go home. You are far enough off pack lands. You will have a head start to get to the airport and to Ronnie.” I slipped my phone into my pocket. “Take my number in case something goes wrong and I can reach Ronnie for you.” I rattled off my number.
“But we need our clothes.” Carl started, but Carly reached up and tapped his cheek with her small little hand. 
“We can’t go back, daddy. They are already there.” We all looked down at Carly, and her eyes were clouded over again. “They are right. He is coming for us. He thinks you were hiding a pregnant mate. And he is desperate to get his hands on a child of the shaman. Little does he know she is already here. The first child of the nine hundred-
+25 BONUS
Chapter 101
year–old shaman. A foot unlike any has seen of before.” She turned to me, her eyes still white. “Three spirited shifter, you will be in danger soon. Follow the path your father has set out for you, but stay smart with your choices. Otherwise, all will be lost. The shaman child isn’t the only one that will turn the tide in this war.”
My mother gasped. “War?”
We both turned to her, and I watched her pale, “There is so much you don’t know, luna.” Carly faced me with her power still riding her. “But you will explain at the proper time. They must reunite.”
I nod and her eyes cleared him. I felt the kick in my gut. Something was coming. “Go now. Or you won’t make it out of here.”
Carl nodded and headed out of the back door, not even locking up the store. “Come on, baby. We should go too.” 1 nodded as we walked toward the front of the store. My mom cut her eyes to me. “Does your father say stuff like that to you a lot?” She tried to act like it didn’t matter, but smirked.
“Every time we talk. He wants me to know he misses and loves me.” I played stupid, and she scowled but pushed the back door. I grabbed a spray bottle as we passed the rack and we walked out. “Should we lock it?”
My mother turned back to me and jingled her keys. “I have the spare.” She smiled and locked up.
“Now where too?”
“Pizza.” My mom headed to the car.
‘Right. Pizza.” It feels like it’s been days since we ordered the pizza. So much has happened in the short time that my entire world shifted.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 102
Chapter 102 
+25 BONUS 
We grabbed the pizza and made our way back to the house. As soon as we walked in, Morgan rushed by us and out the door. I looked at my mother and raised my eyebrow, but she just shook her head.
I switched the laundry, using the descenting spray, I grabbed the rest of the clothes and dumped them into my bathtub as I heard a knock at the door.
There was a lull and then steps towards my door. “Here we are.” My mother opened the door and showed a few men in. They came in with two enormous machines. “Darling, they are here to clean your carpet.”
I turned to them and smiled. “How long will this take?”
A man scoffed and elbowed his counterpart. “It will take as long as it takes.” He sneered over his shoulder and dropped off his machine. He released his aura and turned to face me. “We only took this job because Vince gave you our card.” The second man nodded. I didn’t recognize them so they weren’t from either packs, so they must have been from a surrounding pack.
I narrowed my eyes and tilted my head. “Is that so…”
Both men rolled their eyes. “We only service ranked wolves. Not weak little girls throwing a tantrum.” The two sneered as the second dropped their other machine. “Now, can you leave us to our work?”
1 smiled and left the room, closing the door behind me. “You aren’t going to say anything to them?” My mother was leaning against the wall and I laughed.
“Why would I do that now, when I can do it, when they say they are done, and prolong this?” I laughed as I slipped my arm between hers and pulled her away. “Now. Let’s go eat…I’m starving.”
We walked into the kitchen, and Shannon was there. I felt my smile fall. She looked at my mother and ignored me. “Where is dinner?”
“The pizza is on the table.” I rolled my eyes and went to grab a drink
“Shut it, mutt. I wasn’t talking to you.” Shannon growled, and I laughed.
I came back into the room and sat in a chair. “I would mind my tone, Shannon. I have barely started to shift. Who
is to say I won’t lose control and shift? Nix wouldn’t take kindly to an unranked wolf trying to tell her what to do.” I smiled as I looked over at her and I let my fangs descend. leaned closer to her and snapped my teeth.
Shannon paled and looked away. I opened the box and grabbed the lukewarm pizza. I filled my plate and dug in when Shannon finally shook off my threat.
“Where is dinner?” Shannon looked to the box and lifted her lip in disgust. “You seriously can’t expect me to eat this trash, can you?”
“Yes Shannon. I can.” My mom came back in with a plate. She sat down in a chair and pulled a few slices out of the box, and started to eat. “If you don’t want to eat this, you can go eat at the pack house.”
Shannon glared at her. But then smiled. “Fine. I’ll go eat at the pack house.” Obviously hoping to run into Brandon. Then she looked at me and glared before she ran up the stairs to get read.
I ate the plate and then I heard my door open, o I figured it was time for the show. I walked back up to my room to see the guys starting to pull the machines out of my room. All done?”
“Yepp.” The men pulled their glant machines past me and I went into the room. I couldn’t smell anything, but you can’t ever smell your own scent. I knelt and touched the carpet and it was still dry.
I wanted to laugh. I called for my mom. “Mom, can you come up here and smell?” I heard her run up the stairs
+25 BONUS
Chapter 102
and into the room, past the glaring men. “Can you still sme 17”
She turned around and glared at the two men. “You said you were finished, yet the carpet is dry and the room still smells.”
“We did a good enough job.” The first man glared.
“It’s not our job to take care of your daughter’s tantrum about her sister’s smell being in her room.” The second, more mouthy, one shook his head. “The princess should get over it.”
“But Alpha Vince-“My mom started to say, but she was cut off.
“He told us to give it a light cleaning, and we did.”
I had enough. I slammed my aura out and dropped the two men to the floor, their machines crashing next to them. I walked over to them and crouched. “You are going to go into that room and do the job properly. Or else I will gut you where you stand.”
###Next D 103
Chapter 103
1 felt the man under my hands tremble and I smiled. “You are an alpha…
“Incorrect. I am the strongest alpha…around here, anyway. And you insulted not only myself but my alpha mother.” I looked up at her while pressing his face into the floor. “I know you always tell me to wrangle Nix, but right this second, I don’t think they deserve the pass.”
My mother stared at the men and then lowered herself to look them in the face. “You have two options. You can get up and do the job properly this time.”
“For free.” 1 growled as I pressed his face into the hallway carpet. I leaned down and let my fangs descend as I snapped them by his cheek.
“Or…” My mom looked the second man in the eye. “I allow my newly shifting daughter to take you outside for the insults.”
I growled as I leaned back in. “Let me take out my aggression. I swear it will be quick.”
“But definitely not painless.” My mother stood back up. “Make your choice.” She looked at me. “Quickly.”
I could feel my face shifting. This whole day had been very taxing on Nix and Megan, and she was itching to get out and fight. I felt her take over my eyes, and our eyesight focus on the pulse in the man’s neck. I leaned in, drawing in a big breath full of their fear, and smiled bigger
“We will do the job properly.” The man under me trembled. But I just growled. “For free. We will do it for free.” His body started to tremble, and I got the faint scent of urine. I stood up quickly and walked away down the stairs. I needed to get away from the two infuriating men. How dare they act like that?
How dare they question our strength? I bristled as I paced the back of the house. “Just look at you. Pathetic.” I felt my shoulders creep up as Shannon sauntered into the room
“If I were you, I would walk away.” The growl in my voice was deep, but Shannon, in all her stupidity, ignored it.
Η
“Or what? You pretend that you’re able to shift again? Did you think I believed you?” Shannon scoffed, and I felt Nix prowl closer. “You think sprouting fur down your arms makes you special? Every wolf can do it, even if they don’t shift”
“Shannon, I am warning you. Just leave me be right now.”
“Or what?” Shannon screamed. She waked over and spun me around. “Or what? You’re a pathetic fucking alpha who can’t even shift.” (1
Before I could blink, Nix forced us to shift. I was on top of a screaming Shannon faster than either of us could stop it. My fanged teeth were wrapped around her neck and I growled loudly. Shannon’s scream stopped mid scream as I tightened my teeth.
My mother came rushing into the room. “Amy, Nix, you have to stop.” I let out a bloodcurdling growl that had even my mother stopping herself from reaching us. “Amy. Her voice softened and she dropped to her knees, shuffling closer.
“Get her off of me,” Shannon whispered as her tears trailed into my mouth. But even with my teeth wrapped around her throat, she was still making demands.
My teeth cut into her skin and I tasted blood. Shannon froze. With my mouth full, I couldn’t speak, so my mind linked both of them on an open channel. “You dare try to tell me what to do yet again, but you are nothing. You think so highly of yourself, yet you’re no one. A beta’s daughter is not even powerful enough to retain her rank, yet you walk around this pack like you are queen.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 103
“Shannon, what did you do?” My mother’s accusation hun in the air.
“Nothing.” I felt Nix’s restraint fading.
“Shannon.” My mother cautioned.
But it was too late. Nix released her before we snapped her head from her shoulders. “Shift.” Our voice was low, and Nix settled on our haunches.
“What?” Shannon scrambled to her feet and backed away with blood trailing down her neck.
My mother stood and backed away. “I said shift.” Our voice came out stronger. Deadlier. “You are so full of yourself and think so highly of yourself that I feel like we shall handle this right now. Shift.”
Shannon paled and shook her head. “No.”
“I said fucking shift.” We screamed together, and Shannon dropped to her knees. She had no way to fight against my command. And this time, I used my full power to demand her to shift.
She writhed on the ground and her eyes grew wide as fur danced down her skin. I watched as her shift took over until she laid panting at my feet.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 104
Chapter 104
Chapter 104
“Nix.” My mother rushed forward and got between us. “You can’t do this.” She pleaded with me, but I shook my
head.
“Why not?” She growled and looked at our mother. She pushed me back, so that she was in front and I was watching next to Megan,
“She has been very unsettled since coming back.” Megan turned to me. “I can’t blame her. She has finally shifted so her alpha aura, and your hormones have put here in a kelfes edge. And then there is me. She has been dealing with my mourning my mate, and trying to claim him.”
“Megan?” I looked at her, really looked. Her fur was a little patchy, and she looked exhausted.
“She did what she had to. She held me back from claiming Brandon and I don’t regret it. It’s just hard. Shannon pushed her too far and now she will get her retribution” Megan turned and limped back into my soul forest, where she could rest. She would not fight Nix for this. She made it very clear that she was siding with her.
I turned back to the matter at hand and watched as my mother begged for Shannon. “I asked why not? Why can’t I put her in her place?” Nix’s anger surprised me. Normally, we shared the same mind, and she was the voice of reason. Unranked wolves were weak. They don’t need to be pushed down any more than they already
are.
Their wolves have the instinct to roll over and bear their stomachs whenever an alpha or beta comes into the room. As ranked wolves, we don’t need to exert our dominance over them.
Same
“Nix, she is unranked. Her wolf is weak.” My mother pleaded with my wolf.
“Is she? I don’t know. Her human is rather prideful. She walks around here, and this pack forcing stronger wolves to do her bidding by using her Beta father’s rank over the entire pack. She has learned to flex her father’s rank, not her own, to get what she wants, and everyone falls in line because Morgan supports her.” Nix growled out.
My mother’s hand fell. “What do you mean?”
Nix’s head snapped up. “Do not play dumb here, mother.” Her voice was a little vicious, and that’s when I pushed forward. I had nearly pushed Nix back when the door exploded open. Morgan, Vince and Brandon rushed in, skidding to a stop seeing how big my wolf was.
“What the fuck is going on?” Vince’s power slammed out, trying to take control of the situation.
Nix’s eye glowed, and she let out a bloodcurdling growl. “Do you want to measure aura for aura alpha? I think I’ll win.” Nix slowly turned to face the men at the door and I watched as Brandon shivered.
His eyes blew out with heat, and I wanted to gag. I heard a low, mournful howl from deep in my soul and knew I had to take hold of this situation or everything would be ruined. “Nix! I need you here for Megan. I’m not strong enough to fight her back.” She ignored me, but I felt a flicker of worry. I heard another howl, and this one was a little closer, like Megan was making her way back.
“Get off my daughter.” Morgan started forward, but Nix let out a vicious growl.
“Who are you to tell me what to do?” She looked back to the alpha. “Your beta steps out of line to protect his pup. This one…” Nix pressed her paw into Shannon’s face. “Struts around this pack, making demands higher than her station. She thinks your son and her father will protect her from ranking battles.” Vince turned and looked at the
two me.
“Is she telling the truth?”
Nix chuffs. “Morgan has hospitalized four she–wolves, including the beta female, Sydney. Brandon has scared the entire school to listen to her pathetic demands.” I pushed forward.
Chapter 104
+25 BONUS
“Nix, I will make your point.” I looked back to the forest as Megan breeched the trees. She was limping but increasing her speed. “I will say whatever you need me to say, but you need to handle Megan.” I screamed out and pushed forward again. This time, she let me slip past her and take control.
“You are lying.” Vince’s anger was directed at me, and I chuffed out another laugh.
“I’m not, ask them.” 1 flexed my claws, pushing them into Shannon’s face, but not breaking the skin. I looked up at Morgan. “Tell the truth, or I will blind your mutt of a daughter.‘
“She’s telling the truth.” His words were whispers.
“A little louder Beta, no one can hear you.” I yelled.
“She’s telling the truth. I put Sydney in the hospital–last–year because of Shannon.” He cut his eyes to Vince. “She is just a pup. My pup.”
“She is weak!” Vince screamed.
Chapter 105
Chapter 105
###Next D 105
Chapter 105
“Dad…” Brandon started.
But Vince turned full circle to stare at the two of them. “You both abused your rank to protect an unranked wolf when she was overstepping. We have tanks for a reason. There is a pecking order for a reason. Ranked wolves are to protect the unranked wolves. Unranked wolves are supposed to fall in line. They are the backbone of the pack, but they need to know their place!” Vince screamed. “You d a weak child, Morgan. You mated an unranked wolf and had an unranked wolf. That is the chance you take when you mate outside of your rank.” Vince turned back.” But you do NOT allow your unranked daughter to push around the ranked wolves. You throw the entire order of the pack out the window when you do that.”
“She is my pup.” Morgan tried again.
I growled, tired of his shitty excuse. “And what?” I tossed out. “She is your daughter, but no one was trying to fight her. No one was abusing her, which, by the way, runs rumpant in this cesspool of a pack.” Vince’s eyes tightened at my words, but he kept quiet. He thought it was still my wolf in charge and he knew what I was saying was true. “She was kept apart from all of that, out of respect for your rank. It was only when she threw her status of the beta’s child or the alpha apparent’s girlfriend around to push wolves to do her bidding. Her homework, stealing their money, their clothes, abusing other unranked wolves for pleasure, that others stood up her. Even they found what she was doing disgusting. But she ran back to the two of you, and like fucking pawns, you came running to fight, or abuse, your own rank to make the others fall in line.”
to
“Nix, it isn’t like that.” Brandon tried to come forward and growled again. “I, I, I did it, father.” Brandon turned to his dad and nodded.
Shannon screamed beneath y feet. “Brandon, why?
“Because she is right. We turned our pack into a fucking circus placating to you.” He tossed out and dropped to his knees in front of Vince. “I knew it at the time that it was wrong. But Shannon had convinced me that the girlfriend of the alpha apparent shouldn’t be seen as weak.”
“Brandon…” Shannon cried weakly, but I flexed my claws again.
“I would stay silent if I were you.” I dropped close to her. “I am close to killing you to cull the rot from this pack.” But even with my words, I knew it wouldn’t help. There was something fundamentally wrong with this pack. I looked up at Vince and felt a kick in my stomach. Vince had something to do with it, and I think that is what my father wanted me to figure out.
“Why would you do this?” Vince’s voice was low, and his eyes flickered to me. “After everything I told you, raising you, why?”
“Because I had needs, and she was the easiest to get it from” Brandon cut his eyes back to me and I saw the longing, but I felt the bile raise in my throat.
Shannon screech letting me know she heard it and I felt a little bad about it. I mean, who wants to hear that the man they love was only with them because they were easiest to fuck? I could see the fire in Morgan’s eyes as the truth came out. The relationship he was banking out between Shannon and Brandon was just one of convenience for the alpha apparent, and not the one based on love for his daughter.
Vince cut his eyes to Morgan. “And you?”
Morgan stared daggers at Brandon. “Shannon had always loved your son from the time she could walk. Everyday she would talk about mating him, and I had hoped that they would be mates.” Morgan pulled his eyes away from Brandon and turned to me. “Shannon could never measure op to Amy in power level, but in looks, she was just as good. Better even. So if throwing my rank around got her closer to your son, so be it. She could get the one thing she wanted most in the world.” 
Chapter 105
“At what cost?” I asked. “They aren’t mates, yet your daughter betrayed her mate. Brandon betrayed his. You threw this pack into internal turmoil but your pathetic manoeuvrings, and for what? To have your sullied daughter tossed aside for a chance at a stronger wolf?” I chuffed out a laugh. “Look at the alpha apparent. Salivating at Amy, all because of me and my power. And where is your daughter now? Tossed to the trash because he got what he needed from her.” I cut my eyes back to Brandon, who had paled. “I’ll make myself clear, for all here, neither Amy nor I are interested.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 106
Chapter 106
Chapter 106 
I turned to my mother and nosed the sliding glass door to the backyard. She hurried to the door and slid it open, and I walked out. I left the room full of the chaos I sowed and let the three of them figure it out. “Mother.” I called out, and she quickly followed. 
“Nix… Did you have to do that?” She came out and walked next to me.
“I did.” 1 answered honestly, “She pushed her luck too far and we are tired of dealing with her.” I turned to my mother. “Shift. 1 want to run with you.” My mother let a small smile break out and nodded. She quickly shifted, and her brown wolf was a little smaller than Nix’s shifted form. Bigger than the average wolf.
I took off with her trailing behind me. We breached the woods, and I slowed down, allowing her to overtake me as she knew these woods and I didn’t. She shot out in front, deflging trees and bushes she was intimately familiar with, while I barely made it out of the way.
She chuffed out a laugh as I stumbled over roots. I didn’t see, but I caught up to her. “We have things to discuss, you and I.” I called out to her, and she nodded. She took off in a streak of brown fur that matched Megan’s in my mind.
We came to a stream, and I figured she would sit down, but she jumped on and swarn across. It was ice cold as I plunged in, and I wanted to howl, but I choked on the water She was beside herself, rolling on the ground with laughter when I finally made it across. “You are so clumsy.” She tossed out at my glare and I had to give it to her. This was a new body.
“Fighting came so much easier.”
“That was your will to live. You needed to fight, so you did. This is just learning how to move in your new form. It will take time.” She came over and nudged me up. “Come on, pup, we have a ways to go.” She darted into the woods on the other side and I followed slower.
We ran for two hours before we came to a stone cabin in the middle of the woods. “Where are we?” I tilted my head to the side as my mother shifted back to her human form. I didn’t realize it before, but she kept her clothes. How did you keep your clothes during the shift?”
She smiled over her shoulder and opened the door. “Come in and I will explain.” I shifted back, surprised to find myself fully dressed.
“How is this possible?”
“Have you never noticed before?” She beckoned me with her hand and I walked in.
“The first time I shifted was to fight, and then I was in the hospital. I don’t remember shifting back.” My mother nodded and walked deeper into the cabin, pulling sheets draped on furniture off as she walked by. She walked to the fireplace, balling the sheets in her hands and dropping them to the ground. Then she crouched down and pushed some kindling into a fire already stacked with wood and lit it.
I watched as the fire took and the soft smell of burning wood filled the dimly lit cabin. “Are you going to stand in the doorway, or are you going to come in?” My mother turned from the fireplace to finally look at me and she looked comfortable here. So I slowly closed the door, and the room grew darker. The windows were all covered from light coming in, so I moved closer to the fire to see my mother better.
“Mom, where are we?”
Before you ask questions, let me finish and then we can get into all the details.” She started around the room, and everywhere she went, the room grew lighter. I watched as she was slowly pulling down wooden window coverings, and lighting the watch looked to be oil lamps. I was confused as she walked into what I could only
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 106
assume was the home’s version of a kitchen and grabbed a few things.
She walked over with her arms full, placing a kettle on the round and a few other things, like cups and jars. Then she walked outside. I heard the splash of water and then she was back, closing the door behind her. “Where are we?” I put more force into my voice and she smiled
“We are home…or I should say, I’m home.” She spun in a slow circle, with a smile on her face, then she came back to the fire. She sank down and put the kettle on a hook that was hidden from view over the fire. “This was my home before I met your father. My mother raised me here, way from my father’s pack, until I came of age.”
“Why?”
“Because…” She looked up at me. “We were the last Lycan”
###Next D 107
Chapter 107
I dropped down next to her with a thump, “What?”
My mother smiled. “I should say my mother was the last pure Lycan, other than the king’s family. And I am three quarters as Was half Lycan as well. A secret his line has kept almost as well as your father’s magic.” She
my looked over at me. “You are a little muddled. I don’t know if you have enough Lycan in you to have one.”
“Have a Lycan?”
“Yeah. So Lycans have a bigger wolf, and a wolfman form. But mixed Lycans, well they are blessed with two wolves…”
“Two wolves?”
ir normal wolf. They inherit both wolves.” My
“Yeah. One that is their Lycan, and can have multiple shifts. And mom shifted to her large brown wolf, and then into a smaller grey wolf, then back to herself. She panted as she settled back down on her knees. “It’s also why we keep our clothing. A gift passed down the Lycan line. But when the Lycans were hunted, they spread the rumor that any wolf strong enough could keep their clothing.”
“I’m Lycan…”
“Well, partly, yes, but you wouldn’t be considered a Lycan unless you had both forms.” She looked over at me. Do you have two wolves?”
I looked at her and allowed Nix to come forward; the shift was becoming quicker. Once Nix was fully formed, I turned to Megan. “Are you ready?‘
“Truly?”
I laughed and pushed her forward. “It’s just for a moment, but I made you a promise and I intend to keep it.” Our next shift was slower. Black fur rippled to grey, and I felt my bones shift and shrink. After a few minutes we sat on our haunches trembling
“And who are you?” My mother’s eyes glittered in the firelight.
“Megan…” Megan finally stood, and I could figure that we stood no–taller than any other wolf, maybe even smaller. “My name is Megan.”
“A beautiful name for a beautiful wolf.” My mom ran her fingers through her fur. “You are her wolf form, I’m guessing?” Megan gave her version of a nod.
“Im a gamma.”
“Still a good rank for a luna.” My mother smiled and booped Megan’s nose. “Don’t think for a second you are any less than because you are weaker than her Lycan. My wolf is unranked, and even so, I love her more than anything. And I know Amy loves you as well.”
“I know she does.” Megan preened under her words. “As soon as she found me, she has always listened.”
“Found you? What do you mean?” It was my time to explain some things. And I pushed forward.
I shifted and sat next to her, panting. “YOU.
Shifting so many times, this closer together is hate!
looked around the cabin. “Is it safe to talk here?”
She nodded. “My father made sure this was a safe place for my mother to raise me. We had a lot to discuss, you could say.”
I took a deep breath. “Mom. I guess it’s my time, to be honest.” The whistle of the kettle scared me, but she took
Chapter 107
+25 BONUS 
it off the fire and poured water into the cups. She randomly had tea bags, and I lifted my brow.
“I stock this place every few months. I spend a lot of my the here if I can.” I nodded in understanding. “But what do you need to tell me?”
“You know daddy’s grandmother was a witch. A human with powers, right?”
cacup
“Yeah. Your father told me about her. She sounded amazing” My mother handed me a cup of tea and motioned me to continue.
“Well, what daddy didn’t tell you is that if the Goddess blesses us, then as wolves we can have our powers too.”
“Your father had powers?”
“Yes…”
“What can your powers do?” She looked at me and took a sip of her tea. 
“A lot. Anything really.” I looked into the fire. “It can help the change my scent. It can make someone infatuated with another.”
“Can it fake mating betrayal pain?” Her words were soft. I refused to meet her eyes when I answered.
“Yes.” My answer was soft as I heard her intake of breath.
“Why would he do it?” I turned to see her hands trembling
“Because there is something else our line does for us.” I grabbed her cup and put it on the ground.
“What?”
“Remember on my birthday? How I woke up and was acting different, weird even.”
“Yes.”
“I lived another life. One where I lived until I was twenty–four. I was mated to Brandon, and I was pregnant with my son. Shannon convince him I cheated, and he killed me and my pup. I woke up six years in the past, goddess bent on changing my fate. And then I saw you alive again and I broke down.”
35
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 108
Chapter 108
“Alive again?”
I nodded. “In my last life, Brandon, had you killed? Dad was killed. Everyone was gone.”
My mother took it better than I thought she would. “So you are saying that you lived a first life…”
youre
“We all do.” I looked down at my hands, where I was twisting my fingers. “Our gifts, they give us a do over, you can say. Like the goddess wanted us to see what could be, and she gives us a second chance to change it all.”
“And it’s always bad…”
I nodded. “As far as I know.”
My mother trembled. “You saw what happened to your pup and now you’re changing who your mate is…” She looked at me with a tiny spark of hope in her eyes. “Did you pick where you went back to, the time?”
and I shook my head no. “The Goddess selects, I think. One minute I was dying with Brandon screaming over me, then next I was in bed six years younger. I didn’t choose to come back here. But I know I am determined to change the outcome. I refuse to watch my pup die again.”
My mother’s breath caught, and I saw the wheels turning in her head. “Amy…”
“Yeah mom.” I knew what she was going to ask before she did.
“Did your father see something so bad that he cheated on me?” Her lips trembled, and I knew the answer would shatter her.
“No mom, he didn’t.” I saw her sag. I couldn’t tell if it was relief or disappointment. Maybe both. “What he saw had him using his gift to convince you he cheated so you would break your bond.” I wanted to look away. I wanted to lie to her. I could have stopped, but she deserved the truth. “He lived a life where you had more pups. And when there was an attack on the pack, we were all killed. Then he was killed.” She shook her head back and forth. “He came back and tried to figure out who was behind the attack”
“He was working with the king…” She dropped her head into her hands and started to sob.
“H tried to figure out who was after you. But as time went on, and life unfolded how his first life did. He panicked. He wouldn’t lose you, so he did the only thing he could. A she–wolf told him she was sure she was pregnant. It was very early, honestly too early to be sure, but dad used his magic. He confirmed the baby and the plan quickly unfolded. He called her mate in, and they struck a deal.”
“Oh, Goddess.”
“He waited until you turned in, and in the room beside yours he hid in the closet, closest to your bed. Then he used his powers to fake the betrayal pains in you. You felt him cheating and started to scream. He sat in the next room and cried with you. He knew you thought he was breaking your bond, shredding your heart in the process, and it broke him. Ronnie held him the entire night until he passed out. But when he finally woke up, you had already sent out transfer requests, and Vince accepted us.”
“I thought he broke our bond that night. I haven’t felt anything else from him since then. Not a twinge.”
“He kept his emotions locked away from your bond.”
“But he couldn’t stop betrayal pains, have felt him mate with anyone since I left.” She was nearly frantic.
“If he had mated with anyone, you would have.” I whispered to her, and she yanked her hands back.
“You are lying. Tell me you’re lying.” She stood, anger coming off of her in waves. “Amy, tell me you’re lying.”
+26 BONUS
Chapter 103
“I can’t.” My word caught, and I watched her waver on her feet. She closed her eyes and tears trailed her cheeks. Then she threw her head back and she started to scream. She screamed so loud it rattled the windows.
She crumpled to the floor, falling to her hands and knees, and then the sobs came. Whole wracking sobs that shook her entire body. “Tbetrayed him.” The words tumbled from her lips and I could feel the desolation with them. “He shouldered all that responsibility. He gave us up his family, to save us. And I betrayed him.” She looked up at me and when her eyes met mine, It was the eyes of her wolf I saw there. “We betrayed our mate.” Her voice shifted, and then she pushed up from the floor and howled. The sound of their heart break was all- encompassing.
She howled again and again until her voice was raw. I didn’t know how to stop her. “Morn.” But she was lost in her pain. She howled long and low. I couldn’t stop her. Sold the only thing I could think of. I mind–linked my dad.
###Next D 109
Chapter 109
Dad!
Pup? What’s wrong?
She won’t stop…I don’t know what to do. 
She who? Won’t stop what? Pup, I need more information to go on… His voice didn’t sound panicked, but I knew mind did. I didn’t know how to explain it. Bring Nix forward. She can send what you see directly to me. My dad sent me, sensing my distress. So that’s what I did. I allowed Nix to come to the surface, and she saw our mother losing control. I could sense her opening to Loki, and then my mind was filled with his howl too.
Loki?
What happened to your mother, pup? My dad’s worried volce came through the howling.
She knows.
Knows what? Amy, you have to tell me what is going on or else I can’t help. His frustration was evident.
She knows the truth. About our second chances, our power the fact you lied. Everything. My mind’s voice was barely above a whisper, but I got it all out. The truth that had been nagging at me since the beginning of the 
summer.
Why did you tell her? We said we wouldn’t tell her until this was over… He trailed off and I felt his pain.
Because she told me her secret and she deserved to know the truth.
Oh, baby. Where are you?
A hidden cabin. Mom said it was her home.
Stay there. I’ll be there as soon as I can be.
I focused on my mother, and her howls were still going, but she lost her voice. I watched as she threw her head back and the whistle of her broken voice breached her lips, as did a droplet of blood. “Mom. Don’t worry. Dad’s coming.”
Her head snapped to mine. “No. Amy, please. Tell him not to come. I can’t face him. Not now. Not ever.”
“Mom.” I pleaded with her. “Don’t say that. He loves you. Has never stopped loving you. Your side of the closet and your office have sat untouched, expect by me since you left.” She grabbed my hand, and she squeezed. “Mom. He knows the truth.”
A sob broke from her lips, and she shook her head. “Amy. I can’t face him, not yet.” She dropped her head and her body shook with her silent tears.
“Then when?”
“What?” She snapped her head up to look at me.
“You
“When?” I stared at her and even though I knew she was hurting, I was becoming frustrated. My parents ruined their lives for nothing. And now she was coming up with excuses not to fix it. “I know you’re hurting, but so is he. I know you are ashamed, but so is he. You now know the truth, and so does he.” She wouldn’t meet my eyes. both ruined your lives. He did it to keep us safe. You did it to keep me safe. Do either of you know how much that hurts me? And I know it’s selfish of me to throw that in your face, but I know you are coming up with a million reasons to not meet with him. And another million to continue to hurt yourself instead of facing him.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 109 
She looked into the fire and swiped at the tears on her face You wouldn’t understand.”
“No mom. You don’t understand. Dad loves you. So much so that he broke your heart to make sure you lived. He would rather you in another’s arms than dead. You love da so much so that even seeing him would break the very fragile foundation you have bulli yourself. The times shared with Morgan were the better choice than being made into a slave because of Vince. And dad. Dad is glad you did it. The thing that hurt hi the most was learning you were drinking.
She looked at me with hopeful eyes. But then she shook her head. “We can’t wait for him here.
“So when. I need a time so that dad just doesn’t start a war which he will.”
She looked down at her hands. “Baby, do you think he would forgive me?”
Without even a second thought.” My dad walked through the front door and we both whirled and screamed. He ran to my mother and picked her up from the floor and kissed her.
I watched as the two of them reunited for the first time since I was a baby and it was like they had never left each other.
“Ainsley, I am so fucking sorry.” My father pulled away and cupped her face.
“Why did you lie? You should have told me the truth. I would have worked with you, helped you.” She wrapped her hands around his.
“I couldn’t; lose you.” His voice was rough. He trailed his hands over her hair. “I’m so sorry I put you through this. It’s all my fault.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 110
Chapter 110 
My mom sobbed into his chest. “Don’t say that Gav. I am so sorry. I betrayed you.”
He forced her face to meet his. “Look at me Ain. Never say that. This isn’t on you. Everything for the last seventeen years everything that happened was because of the and my decisions. And I realized that a long time ago. I never blamed you, not once.”
“Gav, how can you say that?” She closed her eyes. “I can’t imagine…”
My dad looked at her and gave her a soft smile. “Can’t imagine what?”
“Why would you forgive me after everything? I treated you so badly. I had to do-
My dad covered her mouth with his hand. “You did what you had to do to keep our pup safe. Just like I did what I had to do to keep you safe.”
“Gavin. You can’t mean that.” My heart broke at her words How could she not see just how much he loved her?
He leaned in and kissed her lips softly. “I love you, Ainsley never stopped loving you. I didn’t blare you for anything before, and then when Amy told me the truth, I felt like I was dying. I never ever blamed you.” He wrapped his arms around her. “I am so fucking Sorry, baby. She wrapped her arms around his back and clutched at him, like she was afraid this was all a dreamn.
“How did you co
id you get here so quickly?” He looked down at me, where I was on the floor.
“When you called about Carl, I had the urge to come here. Once Carl got there, he had a vision that I was needed here. So I took the plane back and got a room at the closest Hotel.”
“The pack?”
“Ronnie and Tina have me covered.”
I just nodded. “How long are you here for?” I stood and took the kettle back to the makeshift kitchen. I busy myself around the cabin, trying not to interfere with their reunion. “Dad?”
“What? Huh?” My dad looked away from my mother’s face and back at me.
“How long are you here for?”
“Just today. Carl said I had to leave you both after this meeting, or else bad things would happen.”
“No.” My mom clutched at him harder. “You can’t leave me again. I just got you back.”
“I won’t. I would never leave you.” He hugged her close. “But I can’t stay. It would cause a war. And you need to get a divorce.” My mother hung her head in shame, but my father just pulled her head up and kissed her. “You never have to be ashamed about anything between us.”
I watched my mother gather herself, and then she released my dad. “I’m okay.“, She shook her head and stepped back. “You’re right. We have a lot we have to do before we can fix our lives.” We both sat there and saw her smile wobble, but we just nodded.
My dad turned to me. “Have you started learning the computer yet?”
“No. But I had an idea. One that might make this easier.”
“What?”
My mother came back to his side, and he slid his arm around her waist. I just smiled.
“I was away, so I haven’t picked my program yet at university.”
Chapter 110
“What?” My dad furrowed his brows. 
“How is that even possible?” My mom looked confused.
+25 BONUS
“Well, since Vince took over as the Dean last year, there has been a backlog, and while I was away at dads, the university admissions finally reached out for a decision. Bu I explained I was away and would select my courses when I came back.”
“What the hell has Vince done to the school?” My dad growled, but then shook his head. “Whatever, we can fix it once we figure out the truth. The king wants this as top priority.”
“The king? You’re talking to the king again?” My mom turned to my dad and gripped his arm, “What if…”
“We talked it all out. He knows I had nothing to do with his dad’s death, but now he’s more determined to find out who is.” He turned back to me. “Which reminds me…He wants you to call him.”
“Who?” My mom looked back at me and I grimaced.
“Rowan.” I whispered.
“Are you saying the king, King Rowan, the Lycan in any way
me and my dad covered our ears.
fucking normal?” My mother screeched and bork, wants my daughter to give him a call like that]
“Um…yes.” My dad’s answer was very detailed. I rolled my eyes.
“How did he even come to know about you, Amy?”
“I called him.” I bared my teeth in an awkward smile.
“What the fuck are you even saying?” My mother pointed to the sofa. “Sit and tell me everything.”
Chapter 13. 
I dropped onto the sofa with both my parents looking down at me. My father mouthed the words sorry, but I just Hipped him off and he laughed. “Now spill.”
“Well, you already know the beginning of the story. I woke up, in the past, you sent me to Dad’s hoping he could figure something out to help me. Dad came clean, told me out our powers, and I started training
“She also started female warrior training back up.” My dad pointed out but my mom glared at him over her shoulder.
“What do you mean ‘back up?“.”
1 watched him gulp, and then he rubbed the back of his head. “I was missing you. And I had hoped that you still had friends in the pack.”
“I cut everyone off, Gav. It was too hard.”
My dad nodded. “Amy told me this summer. If I had known the truth, I would have stopped when I still had a semblance of control over the situation.”
Gavin Michael Maclean, what did you do?”
1 gave
the order to stop everything you were supposed to oversee in hopes your duty as a luna would push you come back. Even if you hated me, I would still have you as my luna.” He gave an awkward smile as my mother’s mouth dropped open.
“What did you do?” It was like she couldn’t believe him.
“I thought you would come back.” He looked away.
“When?” she whispered.
“Two years after you left.” She hit him over and over in his arms. “Ow, I’m sorry. I thought you still had friends there, and I didn’t know.”
“Gavin, how could you do that to the women.
“To everyone. They didn’t even know how to talk to their wolves…” I pointed out and my dad shot me a quick glare, but I smiled at him.
My mother choked. “Oh my sweet goddess.” She dropped her hands. “Those poor pups.” She pointed a finger at father. “I don’t know how long this will take, but when get back there, so help me and the goddess, you will help me rebuild my school.”
my
“You will come back?” My father’s hopeful question had her tirade ending prematurely.
“Of course I’m coming back. You’re my mate.”
“Four years.” I called out.
“What?” Both my parents turned to me.
“It will take four years for us to come back to the pack. But we can also take summer trips, just the two of us, around the world, but in reality we are just coming back home.”
My dad shook his head. “Although I would love to have you both every summer, Vince has spies. Every Alpha does.”
My mom turned to my dad and grabbed his arm. “What about here?”
to
Ch
###Next D 111
apter 111
“Here?” My dad looked around and smiled.
#25 BONUS
“Yeah, it’s off every pack land by a long stretch, its hidden unless you have been here before. It has everything we need to train Amy.” She grabbed his hands. “We could do it can’t we?”
“I could probably get away for a month.” My dad looked hopefully at us.
“We could as well.” My mother beamed up at him.
“But why four years?” My dad turned back to me, almost missing the timeline.
“A degree in computer science takes four years. I can learn about coding, streamline programs and I can only assume, use the knowledge I learn legitimately and apply it to say hacking.”
My mom and dad froze. “You are a genius.” My father finally broke and ran over to me and picked me up. “You are honestly one of the smartest people I know.”
“Hacking? Why do you have to learn how to hack?” My mother’s voice had us freezing.
“Dad asked me to learn. He thinks Vince has something to do with the attacks on the pack.”
“Attacks?” My mother waved her hands. “Sit.” My dad dropped me. “Explain.” We both sat on the couch and looked at each other.
“So a lot happened this summer…” my dad started.
“I gathered that.” My mother waved her hands again. “So why don’t you explain it all to me?”
“So I went there.
She held up a hand. “You went there, found out you had powers, and started training to use said powers.” And then she glared at my dad. “And you restarted the training had in place for YEARS to train female warriors. What else happened?”
“Well…” My dad rubbed the back of his neck again.
“Dad was under a spell.” I jumped in.
“What? How is that even possible?”
“Well, it seems like my grandmother wasn’t the only witch who fell in love and mated a wolf.” My dad tried to smile and failed miserabl
“There was a she–wolf…and unranked she–wolf. Who used your necklace in a spell to make dad infatuated with her? It only worked for a few minutes each time, but he was close to falling for it when I got there.”
“What?“
hapter 13. 
I dropped onto the sofa with both my parents looking down at me. My father mouthed the words sorry, but I just Hipped him off and he laughed. “Now spill.”
“Well, you already know the beginning of the story. I woke up, in the past, you sent me to Dad’s hoping he could figure something out to help me. Dad came clean, told me out our powers, and I started training
“She also started female warrior training back up.” My dad pointed out but my mom glared at him over her shoulder.
“What do you mean ‘back up?“.”
1 watched him gulp, and then he rubbed the back of his head. “I was missing you. And I had hoped that you still had friends in the pack.”
“I cut everyone off, Gav. It was too hard.”
My dad nodded. “Amy told me this summer. If I had known the truth, I would have stopped when I still had a semblance of control over the situation.”
Gavin Michael Maclean, what did you do?”
1 gave
the order to stop everything you were supposed to oversee in hopes your duty as a luna would push you come back. Even if you hated me, I would still have you as my luna.” He gave an awkward smile as my mother’s mouth dropped open.
“What did you do?” It was like she couldn’t believe him.
“I thought you would come back.” He looked away.
“When?” she whispered.
“Two years after you left.” She hit him over and over in his arms. “Ow, I’m sorry. I thought you still had friends there, and I didn’t know.”
“Gavin, how could you do that to the women.
“To everyone. They didn’t even know how to talk to their wolves…” I pointed out and my dad shot me a quick glare, but I smiled at him.
My mother choked. “Oh my sweet goddess.” She dropped her hands. “Those poor pups.” She pointed a finger at father. “I don’t know how long this will take, but when get back there, so help me and the goddess, you will help me rebuild my school.”
my
“You will come back?” My father’s hopeful question had her tirade ending prematurely.
“Of course I’m coming back. You’re my mate.”
“Four years.” I called out.
“What?” Both my parents turned to me.
“It will take four years for us to come back to the pack. But we can also take summer trips, just the two of us, around the world, but in reality we are just coming back home.”
My dad shook his head. “Although I would love to have you both every summer, Vince has spies. Every Alpha does.”
My mom turned to my dad and grabbed his arm. “What about here?”
to
Chapter 111
“Here?” My dad looked around and smiled.
#25 BONUS
“Yeah, it’s off every pack land by a long stretch, its hidden unless you have been here before. It has everything we need to train Amy.” She grabbed his hands. “We could do it can’t we?”
“I could probably get away for a month.” My dad looked hopefully at us.
“We could as well.” My mother beamed up at him.
“But why four years?” My dad turned back to me, almost missing the timeline.
“A degree in computer science takes four years. I can learn about coding, streamline programs and I can only assume, use the knowledge I learn legitimately and apply it to say hacking.”
My mom and dad froze. “You are a genius.” My father finally broke and ran over to me and picked me up. “You are honestly one of the smartest people I know.”
“Hacking? Why do you have to learn how to hack?” My mother’s voice had us freezing.
“Dad asked me to learn. He thinks Vince has something to do with the attacks on the pack.”
“Attacks?” My mother waved her hands. “Sit.” My dad dropped me. “Explain.” We both sat on the couch and looked at each other.
“So a lot happened this summer…” my dad started.
“I gathered that.” My mother waved her hands again. “So why don’t you explain it all to me?”
“So I went there.
She held up a hand. “You went there, found out you had powers, and started training to use said powers.” And then she glared at my dad. “And you restarted the training had in place for YEARS to train female warriors. What else happened?”
“Well…” My dad rubbed the back of his neck again.
“Dad was under a spell.” I jumped in.
“What? How is that even possible?”
“Well, it seems like my grandmother wasn’t the only witch who fell in love and mated a wolf.” My dad tried to smile and failed miserabl
“There was a she–wolf…and unranked she–wolf. Who used your necklace in a spell to make dad infatuated with her? It only worked for a few minutes each time, but he was close to falling for it when I got there.”
“What?”
###Next D 112
Chapter 112
Chapter 112
“It was magic, not how I truly felt.” My dad tried to comfort her.
“What happened? What necklace, and who is the she–wolf My mother listed off the questions in quick succession and I wanted to laugh.
“Ainsley….are you jealous?” My dad smirked, but she just backhanded his arm and she turned back to me.
“After I noticed something was wrong, I worked to get my power under control. Great–grandma helped me. And- “Wait, the dead woman?” My poor mother was trying her best to understand everything, but she was lost when it came to powers. “I’m used to Carl and his gifts, so I’m a little lost, but people coming back from the dead should be off the table, right?”
I laughed with my dad. “Think more like spirit. Her spirit helped Amy.”
“You got help from a fucking ghost?” She came over and sat next to me.
“Mom. We are werewolves, and you’re surprised by ghosts?‘ I patted her hand, and she shot me a glare.
“Listen. That isn’t really fair here. I’m out of my depth.” She almost pouted, but my dad hugged her to his side.
“We know.”
“Anyway, Grandma helped me understand my power more, and once I could connect with it, well, then the Goddess blessed me.”
My mother choked. “The Goddess, THE GODDESS. You met the moon goddess?”
“Yeah, another side to our gifts. We have to be blessed by the goddess.” I smiled as she slowly shook her head. “I don’t recognize you anymore, baby.” She whispered, and I chuckled.
“I’m still me. Anyway. Once I had my power under control, grandma guided me to her Book of Shadows. And I
I could found spells that could have been used to make dad act the way he was, but I had to be sure. If I was wrong, royally fuck everything up. But after some digging. Aurora, the she–wolf who tried to steal dad, I realized she had to be the one doing the spell. So I called the King. I thought it was the council, to ask permission.”
“Permission for what?” 
I really had hoped she wasn’t going to ask that question. I wasn’t ashamed I did it, just that I didn’t want my mom to see me as a monster. “To torture her.” I squeezed out while looking at the floor.
“Amy.” My mother gasped.
“I had to, so I could be certain.”
“I’m just happy you asked for permission is all, baby.” My mom gathered herself and clutched at my hand. “If it was me, I would have just done it and begged forgiveness later.”
Now it was my term to gasp.
“Mom?”
“What? You think I am just going to allow some she–wolf to steal my mate? Absolutely the fuck not.” My mother was riled up again, I could see.
laughed and dove back into the story. “Anyway, while torturing her, I figured it out. The spell she had on him. She made a mistake choosing your necklace. The one with your birthstone and your wolf.” I pulled mine out of my shirt. “I recognized it immediately.”
Chapter 112
+25 BONUS
She reached over and trailed her finger over my necklace. “All this time and you had it?”
My dad nodded. “I took it to get it engraved, but then everything happened. I kept it in your office. I had everything of yours moved there except your clothes.”
“Why?”
“Seeing your stuff hurt me. A lot. But I could never part with it. So I left everything in your office so I could sit in there and remember you.”
“What did you do with my clothes?” My mother met his eyes and I saw the blush form on his cheeks.
“I left them in our closet. On terrible days, I would sit in there, breathing in your scent. It calmed Loki and eased the ache a little.” I felt my eyes water as my dad admitted something even I didn’t know he did.
“Gavin…”
“I love you, Ainsley, and nothing would ever change that. Not one thing.”
This right here was the love I wanted in my life. The all–consuming absolute devotion of my parents. Even being apart for so long, and my father is still so head over heels in love with my mother. He just gets here. Totally understands exactly what she did and why she did it. And he doesn’t blame her.
He blames himself.
But they both should blame the cruddy circumstances they had to live. I wanted them to forgive themselves and grow into the couple they should have always been. “Goddess, I love you Gav. I’m sorry for everything.”
“I am too, love. I am too.” They kissed again, but then a howl cut through the air. A familiar howl.
I felt my face drop and my mother hide her face. My dad looked at me and just asked for one word. “Morgan?” 1 could only nod. 1
Chapter 113
###Next D 113
Chapter 113 
he got up.
“Our time has run out, love, but I am so thankful I came here.” My dad kissed her one more time before he “I have to run.” He took a step towards the door and my mether jumped up and wrapped herself around him.
“Don’t be mad.” Her words were soft, almost childlike, in her fear.
“I’m not baby. We have four years to wait. I’ve already waited seventeen, and this will be easier because now I know you are coming back.” He kissed her again, and she walked him to the door. She pulled out descenting spray and sprayed him down. One second my father’s scent was surrounding us, and the next it was gone, leaving a missing hole in my senses. “Can you do me one favor, though?”
“Anything.” My mom stared at his face with a longing so strong it made my heart hurt.
“Unblock me so we can mind–link. It has been ages since Loki talked to Sigyn, and he misses his mate. As I miss mine.”
“Already done.” My mother smiled up at him. “That’s why they have been quiet. They have been spending time with each other.”
My dad smiled and leaned down once more to kiss her one. He’s always smarter than me.
“That he is.” She hugged him once more, then he was gone. A long howl sounded again, and she slammed the door and walked back to me. Tears were welling in her eyes and she looked at me. “I don’t want to go back.”
“I know.” I grabbed her hand and smiled.
“I couldn’t say this in front of your father, not after I got him back, but Morgan has been pushing to have a pup of our own.” She looked at me. “What am I supposed to do?”
“Don’t do it.” My answer was fast.
“Obviously not.” My mother was quick with her answer. But she looked at me, really looked at me. “Why did you answer so quickly?”
“In my first life, you were pregnant with Morgan’s pup, but it was like the pup sucked the life out of you. Every day you were pregnant, you died a little more on the inside. Your wolf withered, and you did too. By the time it came for the baby to be born, you were so weak, you died. I had thought you died from childbirth, and that is what it was marked down as, but I found out right before I died myself that Brandon had you killed. Well, Brandon and Shannon. They had the doctor use silver on you, and in your weakened start you ad the pup died on the table.”
My mother trembled as I told her the full truth. “That bastard”
I just nodded. “He killed my entire family. He killed dad too This time around, I won’t be letting him anywhere
near us.”
“You have dealt with so much already in your life, and you are barely eighteen.” My mom stroked my hair. “This isn’t how I pictured your life.”
I leaned into her arm, and she wrapped me in a tight hug.” doubt my life would ever be what you and dad dreamed it would be. You made an alpha, and a strong one at that. My life was always going to be harder than most. Plus, as a Lycan, it was doomed from the start.” I gave a small laugh.
“Don’t say that. You were supposed to have an amazing life and you still can.”
‘Mom. My mate is a bastard. He will never be deserving of me.”
“You wolf mate will never be deserving of you. My wolf’s mate wasn’t either.” She chuckled as she shook herself. “He was and still is a disgusting rat bastard that I never allowed myself to get too close to until I was fully mated
Chapter 113
to you, father.” 2-
+25 BONUS
“Dad was your Lycan mate?” She nodded. “He was strong hough to catch Sigyn’s fancy, but in truth, they were destined to be together. My wolf, Micca’s mate, Is, well, pathetic.”
“Who
was Micca’s mate?” I looked up at her and she shook her head in disgust.
“Vince.” She looked down at me, disgusted. “I caught his spent the morning of my eighteenth. I followed his scent back to his pack, and I watched as he rutted another female was disgusted. As I taught you, my mother hammered home then meaning of mates and how we should save ourselves for them. So when I saw him rutting with another, it broke Micca’s heart.”
“Understandable.” I held her close. 
“But even then, I could have tried to make it work.”
“Then what happened?” I pulled back.
“Mid–rut, the scent hit him. The she–wolf was pregnant with his pup. And he lost control. He ripped her apart. The poor girl was no more than seventeen and he ripped her to shreds. I watched as he killed a girl that he confessed his love too, and I couldn’t do anything because I was a rouge wolf on his land.” 2
###Next D 114
Chapter 114
1 stared at her for what felt like minutes, but it was probably only seconds. “Mom…”
She shook her head, and a new tear fell. “I knew then I could never mate Vince. So I left. And I spoke with my father, as you spoke with me, and he said he would never make ine mate with a wolf that held females so low. Low enough to use them while they were at their weakest and then kill them when he was finished with them. So when ever Vince had come looking for his mate, my father would always send me back home.”
“How did you meet daddy?”
My mom blushed at her thoughts, but a more frantic howl epped through the air and I watched him deflate. “We should go.” She put out the fire and quickly put everything away. “Morgan will go berserk if we don’t show up soon.” She lifted her lip in disgust. 1
“Can you handle the next four years?”
“Yeah. Baby, I have to.” She waved me to the front door and sprayed us both down with descenting spray.
“Won’t he notice?”
She shook her head. “We will wash it off in the stream. It only protects our cabin.” I nodded as we walked out of the cabin and froze when we heard a howl close. Too close. We have to hurry. We will have to cut down away from the pack and then wrap back around. I refused to allow him here.”
I just nodded and we both shifted. She ran off behind the cabin and I followed. Morgan’s howls came more often until we were almost too far to hear it. Then my mother stopped and howled back. A quick response, just a quick, we are on our way. Even I could tell that my mother’s wolf was annoyed with that howl and Morgan would know it, too.
He kept howling, but my mom never answered again. I could see her wolf bristle with each howl, and her annoyance was slowly burning away to her anger. “How dare he?”
“Mom? What’s wrong?”
“He knew this was our first run, and yet he is acting like this.” His wolf bristled again as his longing howl cut through the air. “I didn’t bother him all night when he took Shannon for her first run, but today he is acting like this.” If her wolf could spit I think she would have. She was foaming at the mouth with anger.
We crashed through the stream and our scents came back. When her scent hit me, I stumbled. I knew she was angry, but her scent hit me like a truck. We ran for almost double the time the first time around and when we ran from the trees to the backyard; we found Morgan mid howl. My mother’s wolf bristled, and her hackles rose to their full height Morgan the wolf trotted over and tried to rub down my mother’s side, scenting her, but she snapped at him and growled. His wolf danced away and looked hurt. But she turned to me and scented me with her smell.
Morgan sulked away and shifted, then came back over to where we were. My mother was still trying to calm herself as she ran herself down my side. It was almost like was her worry stone. Every pass, she calmed down a little more. Every intake of our combined scent soothed her wolf in a way that only mothers understood.
I watched Morgan with hostile eyes as he came over. “Where were you two?” His question was accusing, and once again my mother bristled. She looked at me and me here, and then we both shifted. And she turned on Morgan.
“How fucking dare you.” She was pissed.
“Amy, go to your room. I will talk to you later.” Morgan tried to sound stern, but there was a quiver in his voice. “Like hell you will.” My mother grabbed my arm, and I almost yelped. Not in pain, but in surprise. “Amy is my
+25 BONU
Chapter 114
daughter, not yours. And don’t for a second think that an alpha wolf would take a command from a beta.” My mom’s word cut into Morgan. I could see the hurt behind his eyes. “Amy listens to you because I ask her to, but tonight, tonight, you crossed the line.”
Morgan raised his hands in surrender. “What exactly did I do?”
“Do not play dumb Morgan. It doesn’t suit you. You know exactly what you did tonight.” My mom walked up to him and pushed her finger into his chest. “The first run with your child is the most important. It allows our wolves to bond, as they should their first time meeting one another. BUT YOU.” She slammed her finger into his chest so hard that he flinched. I always forget that my mother is an alpha because she always defers to her partner as a luna should, in public anyway. I think Morgan forgot, too. “You had to come out here and start howling Demanding we come back.”
###Next D 115
Chapter 115
Chapter 115
+25 BONUS
Morgan backed up a little as he raised his hands up in surrender. “I was worried about you.”
“Bullshit.” My mother spit back. “You wanted to control or run, or come with us, but you are not Amy’s father. You don’t get that right. You are her stepfather, and after today, that is even up in the air.”
“Hey.” Morgan tried to push back, but my mother was having none of it.
“Hey nothing. When Shannon shifted, what did you say to me?”
“I can’t remember it was so long ago.” He wouldn’t meet her eyes, but I saw the anger there.
Don’t lie to me. It was less than three months ago. You were so proud, don’t you remember? You rubbed it in that Shannon shifted earlier than Army. ‘Look at how fast and strong my daughter is. I wonder when Amy will get here.” Yeah, that BS like we all don’t know that stronger wolves take longer to shift. Amy surprised all of us by shifting as early as she did.” My mom tossed out.
“Well, maybe she isn’t as strong as you think she is.” Shannon’s voice came from the door. Even now, she was still healing from the beating she got.
“Or maybe I just have to prove it again how strong I am?” offered and Morgan glared at me, and Shannon whimpered, then went back inside.
“Amy!” Morgan started, but my mother raised her finger.
“Amy nothing.” She pointed at him. “What did you say on the day of Shannon’s first shift, Morgan?”
“I can’t… I can’t remember.”
“You said that Shannon and you deserved the full day to run and get acquainted with each other. That your wolf craved it. And that I should be a good dutiful wife and not expect you home, nor expect to just you on the run because I wasn’t her true mother. Right?”
“Well, I guess…” He trailed off as my mom started laughing
“You are a pathetic piece of shit.”
“Ainsley…” Morgan tried to grab her, but she let out a grow.
“Don’t you dare fucking touch me. Ever again.”
Morgan whined. “You can’t mean that.”
“But I do. I asked you that day, for the same curtesy, and you PROMISED that your would give me this day. Yet you barely gave us a fucking hour before you started howling at the top of your fucking pathetic lungs.”
“Ains.” Morgan tried again, grabbing her, but she caught his hands.
“I said don’t touch me.” Her eyes were full of fire, but I knew this served a new purpose. She was serving ties with Morgan right this second, so that he knew going forward they were going back to the original agreement. “You broke your promise.”
“I didn’t mean it.” He tried, but she shook her head.
“It’s too late. We had an agreement at the very beginning of this arrangement, didn’t we? That we would respect each other’s wishes and uphold any promise we made to each other.”
“You can’t mean…” Morgan trailed off as he truly focused on my mother’s face. “It was one promise.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 115
“What was the agreement, Morgan?”
“That we would keep our promises, or else we would…” H words trailed off as his head shook.
“This relationship is over.” My mother’s words cut him. I watched as he froze.
“You can’t mean that.”
“I do. We can stay married, but everything will go back to the beginning. No contact. Different rooms. You gave up your right to this relationship when your howled the first time.” My mother growled one more time before she pushed past him and into the house. Leaving me and Morgan in the backyard.
I
I just witnessed a death of sorts. I knew Morgan loved my mother in his own way, but when she said it was over, watched a little sliver of his soul die. He crumpled in a way only a man can, when he faced losing the one he loved.
He looked up a
me, and his eyes shifted from lost to angry instantly. I raised my eyebrow and tilted my head. “Say what you need to say, Morgan, before I lose my sympathy and decide to take what you’re about to say to heart and rip you apart.” I smiled slowly. And he lost his mind.
He tried to attack me, but I shifted to the side. “You!” He screamed as he charged again. 
“I said say what you need to say.” I held up a hand. “But if you so much as nick me, I will kill you.” My felt my voice shift lower with each word. And I think the tiny portion of his brain that still fears the darkness caught the threat, even if he his anger clouded his mind because he stopped. 5
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 116
Chapter 116
“Say it.” 1 growled out one last time, already losing my patience.
“You did this.” He crumpled to his knees, heaving. “It would have been perfect if you weren’t here.” He cried into his hands, and if he would have stopped there, I wouldn’t have suspected him. But he is Morgan, and he is an idiot. “Why couldn’t you have just died in the fucking attack?”
I froze. 
How did he know about the attack? He continued to cry and scream, but I was focused on the words that seemed to flow like lava from his mouth. It was pure hatred. Hatred of my father and me. “If you would have just died when
your
dad was attacked years ago, I wouldn’t have had to raise you. Money that your mother would have inherited would have been mine, or Vinces. We would have been set. But no, you both survived. It wasn’t until you father was stupid enough to cheat on her that she moved here.” His voice tailed off as he looked up at me with hatred in his eyes and I knew in that moment that my father was right.
But I had to play stupid. “What did you say, Morgan?” I stepped closer and had a confused look on my face.
“Just go in the house, Amy.”
“Okay…” I left him there on his hands and knees, whispering about the plans they made that failed. I was floored. It was all planned out and my parents almost played directing into their hands.
Mom… I mind–linked her, but she didn’t answer. I walked to my bedroom in silence, but she pulled me into it and straight into my bathroom. She turned the water on full and pressed her lips to my ear and whispered to me. “You can’t mind–link anything to me about what is going on.
“Why not?”
“Because part of the vow we take when we come here is that the Alpha can listen to all mind–links, and he does. Vince has his wolf listen in to people he thinks he needs to.
“Like us?”
“You just turned down his son out of nowhere. And he has always kept an eye on me.” She pulled back and stared at me until I nodded. “Now, what is wrong?”
“Morgan, when you went inside, it was like he lost his mind. He was mumbling to himself.”
“About what?”
“About how I should have died during the attack at dad’s pack.” My mom reared back from me. She mouthed the word attack and raised her eyebrow. I pulled her back in and nodded. “Yes, there was an attack.” I waved her off.” But listen. Morgan said that I should have died in the attack the attack that no one but Dad’s pack should have known about. And then he went on to talk about the attack back when I was younger. The one when the King died. That dad and I should have died then. That way you would have inherited his money.”
My mother reeled back again. “What the fuck?” I heard her over the water and I shushed her. “Even if that did happen, why would they care?”
“Because he said then you would have come here and no matter who you would have chosen when Vince made you get into another relationship, the money would have been theirs. They were working together the entire time. Vince, with his stupid use of the old laws and Morgan rushing in to be your saviour.”
When I finally finished explaining it to her and pulled back, the fire was back in her eyes. My mother was once again pissed off. She stomped around my small bathroom, oursing under her breath until there was a knock on my door. But it sounded like I was in the shower, so I wrapped my robe around myself and a towel around my hair. I
+25 BONUS
Chapter 116
took off my socks and shoes, pulling my pant legs up, then was ready to go. I walked to the door when the next pounding knock came.
“Yes.” I opened my door and Morgan was there. He still looked at me with hatred and at this point, I could say the sentiment was mutual. “What do you need, Morgan?”
“Where is your mother? We need to talk this out.”
“She isn’t ready to speak to you. And I can’t blame her. She s really upset that you ruined our run.” I planted my foot behind my door, almost certain he was going to push my door open. Which he did. When the door refused to budge, I just shook my head.
“Open the fucking door, Amy.”
“Morgan, we both know that you are no match against me don’t want to fight with you but please just give her time. I’m sure after a night’s sleep she will be more open to talk to you.” Morgan–fumed for a second, then turned
away.
###Next D 117
Chapter: 117
Chapter 117
1 closed the door and turned back to my mom. She was leaning against the door frame with a look on her face that I couldn’t read. We went back to the bathroom, and she leaned in. “How am I supposed to stay here for four years and deal with that man after finding everything out?”
“I don’t know. But at least you have a good reason to be mail. You can hold this against him for
She nodded and then shut the water off. “I have to go downstairs and clean up.”
or a while.”
I grabbed her arm. “That can wait until tomorrow. Today has been a very long day.” I looked out the window, and the sun was starting to come up. “A very long day.” She nodded, and I noticed the bags under her eyes. “Lets catch some sleep on my brand new bed, and we can try to figure everything out later today.” We crawled into the new bed, and I am thankful it was delivered and we made it up with fresh sheets last night before the whole pizza
fiasco.
Within minutes, we were both out cold..
I was running through a forest I didn’t recognize. The trees were dark and stunning. A slightly familiar feeling fell over me as I ran around these giant trees. The trees were bigger than any I have seen before.
I searched for something, someone that could tell me where I was, but my feet were getting sucked into the damp mod.
“Where the fuck am I?”
“You know where you are, silly girl.” I turned and faced my dad’s grandmother.
“Grandma?”
“Yes pup.” She wrapped her arm around my middle and together we stepped over the soggy ground. Every step brought us deeper into the dark forest.
“Why are we in a forest?”
“This isn’t just any forest…this is the place where my family is from. The birth of our line is here, and there is something you need to see, I think.”
“Why?”
“It will help you understand where you power came from, and why the goddess of wolves would work with our power.” She pulled me deeper. The trees hung with vines, and the sweltering heat had sweat dripping down my back. “Come. See the birth of our line.”
We walked for a few minutes and I heard a scream. One of anguish and desolation.
“No. Bring him back.” The woman’s words were filled with sobs. “Bring him back.” “What is going on?” I whispered to my grandmother.
“It is not for us to interfere, just witness.” She pulled me faster, and then we were running over the slippery ground. I stumbled over a root and landed on my hands and knees. My grandmother knelt next to me. “Watch.”
A young man was covered in bites, wolf bites from the looks of it, and the woman with flaming red hair bowed over his still body. The blood was dark and slow, giving the scene a deep sadness. “Bring him back.” She called out and once again, there was no answer. “I have worshipped you for my entire life.” Her voice was filled with pain. When the others turned from you, I stayed faithful.” She pushed her hands into the blood on the ground. She painted his blood on her face, down her arms. “I call on you, the three faced goddess, save my son. I call on you old gods to save my line. We have been faithful, we have been dutiful, we have been strong in the face of the new
the
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 117
gods.” She raised her hands in defiance. “Mother, save my son.”
The wind whipped around her and the moon fell on to the circle. The rocks that surrounded this place were staggered like steps. I turned to my grandmother with my mouth open and she put her finger to her lips.
“Maiden, I call on you to save my son. He is still so young, Barely even old enough to be called a man.” Her voice grew louder. She painted his skin with runes that I had seen in my book.
“Mother, I call on you to save my son. He has been dutiful in his worship of you, and will carry on our line.” She painted his lips with his own blood and a wolf crept in from the sides.
“Crone, I call on you to save my son. He will ensure our line worships you for centuries to come.” The woman, with tears coming down her face, called up to the moon. “Three face goddess, save my son.” The wind whipped, and she continued to bellow out. She raised her arms, and we watched as her son’s blood dripped down her arms. Three faced goddess, please save my son. Maiden, I call on thee. Mother, I call on thee. Crone I call on thee.” The lightning struck. And two women stepped out of the darkness. One with a face that shifted from young, motherly, and an old crone, and another followed by wolves.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 118
Chapter 118
“How dare you come here with your demon spawn? Look at what they did to p woman stood over her son and screamed at the goddess followed by wolves.
son. Just look at him.” The
The three faced goddess moved to the woman and held open her arms. The woman dove into them and started to sob. “Please save him, Mother. I have dedicated my life to you and I have never asked you for a boon. This is my ask. Save him. Please.” She pulled back and looked at the goddess, but her face was grim.
“I’m sorry, my daughter, I can not.” The three faced goddess held the woman in her arms as she broke. Her legs failed her, and she crumpled down to her knees.
“I will do anything, give anything, just save my son.” She whiled as the goddess held her.
The goddess with the wolves moved closer to the young man, boy really, and she crouched over him. The wolves all moved closer and closer until they, too, were crouched over the boy.
“Get away from him. Look at what your children did. Though we have never worshipped you, I didn’t shun you either. I gave you rites on your day.” The woman cried into the dress of her goddess. “Why did they have to take him? He was a good boy. He never hunted you or yours.”
The second goddess looked up and the light of the moon caught her face and I gasped as I knew this goddess. “I know, and they are sorry. Their alpha was honted, and they assumed wrongly it was your son. They have come to apologize.” The woman cried harder.
She turned to her goddess, and the shifting face of the three faced goddess was hard to stare at. When ever I thought I could see her features clearly, they shifted. “Please mother. I will give you my life if you would just save him. He is still breathing. I wouldn’t ask you to break the laws of nature, but he still breathes.” She begged on her all my knees. “I will give you anything. My life, would you take my life as payment? I have followed and loved you life and it would be an easy decision if you would just save my son.” The woman begged on her knees, blood still smeared over her face, but her goddess never faltered.
“I cannot. It is not in my power to bring him from the veil of death.”
“No.” She wailed.
“But it is within mine.” The second goddess offered.
“What?” The woman froze at her goddess’s feet. She turned to face the second goddess. “Moon Goddess, mother of wolves and death, do not promise what cannot be done.” She crumpled on to the ground.
the
“What would you be willing to give for me to save your son?” The goddess looked over at the woman as she crouched over the boy. “Would you give up your life to me to save your boy?”
The woman shuffled on her knees towards the goddess. “Yes. I would give you anything. Please, just save him if
you can.”
“Would you give up his life?”
The woman froze. Her face dropped. “Stop playing with my emotions. The point is to save his life.”
WE 
The goddess smiled. “Yes, I can save his life by giving him a new life. Would you still love him if he was different? Changed?”
“Would he still be my son?”
“Yes.”
“Then I would love him even if he was changed. He would still be my boy.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 118
“Even if he worshipped me instead of your goddess?”
“Yes.” She turned back to the three faced goddess. “I would never turn my back on you, but he is my boy.”
“I understand.” The goddess whispered in understanding
“Then so be it.” The goddess raised her hands and the boy’s body rippled. “Come forth.” The goddess called and the boy’s body split. I recognized the shift before it finished Where once the boy laid, a new giant wolf stood. With black fur and red eyes. The wolf panted and sat, his eyes cutting over the clearing and landing on his mother. He plodded over to the shivering woman.
She stared up at him and slowly raised her hands. “My boy. She traced her hands through his fur and when he allowed it, she dove for him and wrapped her arms around him.
The three faced goddess watched and smiled. “Thank you, sister, for giving her what I couldn’t.” The moon goddess nodded and walked off. The goddess crouched over the two. “I could not save him, but I will give you a boon.” She placed her hand on the woman’s head. “From earth to hearth, the power will flow. Down through the lines, the seed will grow. A gift from a goddess, a power to bless. The ones from your line, with power to shine. Through fate, you create stitches, your line of the first witches. As we will it, so mote it be.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 119
###Next D 119
Chapter 119
Chapter 119
I woke up with my grandmother’s words in the air. “The first werewolf and witch created the same night. The fates intertwined our lines, and both goddess blessing run through our veins.”
I woke up groggy, as if what I dreamt of was something I actually did, instead of a dream I had. I rolled over and the bed was empty.
1 got off my bed and checked my phone. It was seven in the morning the next day. I slept over twenty–four hours. I stood and stretched. Then I went into my bathroom and took an actual shower.
I walked to my closet and realized my clothes were clean and hung up. The descenting spray lingered in the air, and it was like the room was a vacuum of smells. Or lack of smells.
I grabbed some clothes and got dressed. I did my morning routine and then walked down the stairs, not sure what
to expect.
I walked into the dining room to find Shannon and Morgan waiting at the table, but my mother was nowhere to be found. I looked around and found her outside on the porch, sipping on a coffee. “Mom?”
“Oh, hi baby. I was wondering when you were going to wake up.”
“When did you wake up?” I slid the door shut and walked over to where she was sitting on the stairs and sat next
to her.
“Yesterday afternoon.”
“Why didn’t you wake me?”
“I tried, baby, but you were out cold.” She looked at me, and she had this look. “I thought you might need the sleep.”
I just nodded. “Yeah, I had a very interesting dream.” I smiled and leaned my head on her shoulder. “Morgan and Shannon are sitting at the table.”
“I know.” Her words were stiff.
“Why?”
e to cave.”
“They are hoping or waiting for me to
“Cave?” I seemed to have missed quite a lot.
“They think this is just a phase. That I will get over the two of them ruining our run.‘
“The two of them? What did Shannon do?”
My mother threw her head back and laughed. “One of the reasons Morgan was so desperate to get me back… Shannon didn’t want to eat the pizza and they felt we had run long enough. They wanted me to cook them a late dinner.”
She looked at me, and I wanted to roll my eyes. “You have to be kidding me?”
She shook her head. “So now they can cook their own damn meals.” She shook her head and took a sip of her coffee. “They think sitting there looking like lost puppies will make me change my mind.” I laughed, but then stood. “Where are you going?”
“To make breakfast before I head to university to pick my major. Hopefully, there is still room in the course 1 want.”
Chapter 119
+25 BONUS
“Absolutely not.” She pushed off the deck and wrapped me up in her arms. “I’m still your mom and I will cook for you.” I smiled at her and she nodded towards the door. “Lets go.”
“Okay.” “We walked in and she went directly in to the kitchen as I sat down at the table. With in a minute, my mother was bringing me a cup of coffee. “Thanks mom.”
“What do you want for breakfast, myt love?”
“Can I get waffles and bacon?” I smiled up at her, picking Shannon’s and Morgan’s favourite foods.
She smiled and poked my side. “Of course.”
‘Ainsley?” Morgan tried to call to her, but she just rolled her eyes as she faced me and turned and went back into the kitchen.
“Hello?” Shannon called out, but my mother ignored the both of them. I waited and scrolled my phone while I sipped my coffee.
“Talk to your mother, Amy.” Morgan’s words were tight, and I barely looked up from my phone.
“No.” I tossed out and kept scrolling. Shannon growled softly and I let it go. They weren’t used to not getting their reality , and it would take a few days to sit with the
“You have to talk to her.” He started.
“Why?” I put my phone down and my cup of coffee and gave him my full focus. “Why do I have to tell her anything?”
“Because.”
“Because why? You are her husband, yet you don’t respect her. She is allowed to feel the way she is feeling because she asked for one thing. One fucking thing in your entire marriage. This past seventeen years, she has cooked for you. She has taken care of your home. Washed your clothes. She has taken care of your very ungrateful daughter. And she did so without a complaint. All she asked was that you treat her with respect. And that you keep your word. Yet, Shannon has never respected her and you broke your word for the most important day of my life. So why should I help you?”
###Next D 120
Chapter 120
He sat there frozen as I stared at him. I could see the anger in his eyes, but I just stared at him.
“That isn’t fair.” I turned to face Shannon.
“What isn’t fair? How you treated my mother like an omega? Or that she refuses to bow down to your pathetic demands any longer?” She glared at me but I just tilted my head. “Neither one of you can give me a reason why I should step in and ask her to move on. So no. I refuse to help the two of you.” I picked up my phone and my coffee. I took another sip and went back to my scrolling as Shannon fumed next to me.
“Then fucking leave.” Shannon slammed back into her chair, toppling it to the floor. Her chest was heaving as she panted in her anger. “Take your whore mother and fucking get out of our house.” Shannon glared at me and I put down my coffee again, then turned to Morgan.
I smiled, and I saw him pale. “Now why would I leave the home I own?”
Shannon screeched. “This is my house! My father was given the house by the Alpha.” She stomped over to me and tried to grab my arm, but I caught her hand and squeezed.
I looked back at Morgan as Shannon froze with her hand in my fist. “Morgan, you daughter is once again confused.” I squeezed her hand a little more, and she whined.
Please.” He whispered. I wasn’t sure what he was asking for.
“Please what?” I tilted my head up and stared up at Shannon. I wanted to watch her face as the truth came out.” Please let Shannon go? Or please don’t tell her that the alpha was going to take this house a few years ago because the pack was losing money and he wanted to rent it out. He wanted us to move back to the pack house, so I offered to buy it with the allowance that my father gives me. Five hundred thousand dollars and the house that you grew up in was mine. I will say it is actually in my mother’s name since I was a child when I paid for it, but your father and Vince know the truth.”
Shannon looked to her father, who looked away, confirming what I said was true. “You can’t be serious.”
“But I am. Deadly serious.” And I pushed up from my chair, pushing her back with each step. “Let me clear up everything else. Because your father has allowed you to think you are higher on the food chain than he should have. The alpha knows the truth, and even he is appalled.”
“Amy…” Morgan shook his head, but I was over it.
“No Morgan. I think I have been very gracious to this point, but there is only so much someone is willing to deal with.” I looked at him, and once again he looked away. “You see Shannon. This is my house. My mother has put up with your behaviour because of an agreement she had with your dad, but since he is willing to break his word, there is no longer any reason for us to do so.”
“What are you saying?” Morgan snapped his head to meet my gaze, but he didn’t find my eyes, but Nix’s.
“You are a pathetic wolf, one who couldn’t keep her beta status. But also one who has no inkling of her actual place in the world. So allow me to teach you your place.”
“Amy please.”
I slammed my aura out, and Shannon dropped to the floor, burying her face against the wood. “Shannon Farrow, you will stay in this position until I leave the house. You will drop to your knees if I enter a room you are already in. And you will avoid talking to me until I lift this command.”
“Amy!” Morgan stood and ran to his daughter’s side. “Remove the command, Now.” I looked down at Morgan and I felt Nix growl.
Chapter 120.
“Who are you to demand anything from me?” I growled out
Morgan stuttered as he looked up at me. “You can’t treat you sister like this.”
I laughed and sat back down in my seat. “When has she ever treated us like family? She treated my mother like a servant and me as a nuisance. But that stops today.” I turned back to my coffee and Morgan stood and called for my mother.
She walked in carrying two plates of waffles and bacon. She sat one in front of me and Morgan sat in his chair, thinking the second was for him, but she just sat down in her spot and dug into the second plate.
“Ainsley you have to-
“I don’t have to do shit, Morgan. You and your daughter are on your own. Go to the pack house to eat.” She growled out, then we both turned back to our plates. 1
###Next D 121
Chapter 121
Chapter 121
1 walked through the front door of the university and to the admissions office. I pushed in through the door and waited at the desk. “Hi can I help you?” The lady behind the desk was a tiny old woman with curly hair. She walked over, surprisingly spry in her old age.
“I hope so.” I smiled over at her as my mom pushed through the door.
“There you are.” She smiled over the counter at the woman “Hi. I hope you can help us. We are here to get my daughter registered for her classes this semester.”
“Oh my. She is starting a little late. Hopefully, the course she wants is still open.” She hustled over to the swinging half door and pushed it open. “Come here, you two. We will get you settled.” We followed her back to her desk, and she pointed to the two chairs and settled behind her computer. “Now. Why the late start?”
I sat in the chair and my mom settled next to me. “I was at my father’s pack for the summer.”
She froze mid–type and looked at me. “Alpha Amy Maclean”
“Yes ma’am, that’s me.” I smiled. Her hands shook a little.
“Sorry.” She tried a smile, but I lifted a brow. 
“Why are you sorry? You haven’t done anything wrong.” I just shook my head and I watched her shudder a bit. I’m sorry. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” She tried to smile but it fell.
“Are you afraid of us?” My mom offered a soft smile.
“No, not exactly.” She exhaled and looked at us. “As you can probably assume, alphas are a lot to handle and choosing courses can get a little hectic.” She did her best to put a brave front, but I could tell she was worried.
“Well, how about we start like this? Hi, I’m Amy. I am not a typical alpha asshole and I am hoping that I can get al spot in the computer science department. If at all possible.” I offered my best disarming smile.
“I can attest that Amy will not be a problem, unless someone makes it her problem and then she will handle it.” My mom laughed at her own joke and I just shook my head,
“Oh, thank the goddess.” She smiled and looked at me. “You are in luck. Computer Sciences are one of the lesser chosen majors. Every one tends to go into business or the health sectors.”
“So I can still get a placement?”
“Yes.” Her shoulders sagged. “Yes, you can.” She clicked a few times. “I just have to check your admissions. As an alpha, you get first pick of classes, but we like to check grades.” She clicked through a few more pages and made approving noises. “Fantastic grades.” She clicked a few more times and then froze.
“What’s wrong?”
“Um. Nothing.” She smiled and then clicked a few more times. “I just looked at the teachers and I was surprised at who was teaching this semester.”
“Oh. Okay. Can we also set her up with a dorm and a food card?”
I looked at my mom and lifted my brow. “Why do I need a dorm?”
“I think that sometimes, you might want to stay here if your classes run later.”
“Which is actually smart since one of your classes starts at seven at night.” Fuck. Ugh
+25 BONUS
Chapter 121
“Really that late?”
She coughed. “Your professor for that class has a day job, and he has to come in after, so he asked for a late start.”
Okay. “I can understand that then.” I turned to my mom and nodded. “Plus, if Shannon is staying I’m the house…..
“Which she is, because Morgan wouldn’t spring for a dorin room. So you also need a place to study.” My mom turned back to the lady. “Mrs?”
“Sandlewood. Mrs. Sandlewood.”
“Mrs. Sandlewood. Is it at all possible for my daughter to get a single dorm room?”
“Let me check.” She clacked at her keyboard for a few minutes and then she brightened again. “Yes, we have one alpha single dorm vacant.” She looked almost giddy. She clicked for a few more minutes and the printer turned on. “Let me get you a few things and then we can charge your food card.” She got up from her desk and walked to the printer.
After a minute or two, she came back over and pushed the papers in front of us. “Okay, this right here is your schedule.” She flipped to the next page. “This is a map of the school to help you find yourself. This one is your dorm room assignment. This is the map of the dorm building. The highlighted areas are your dining halls.” She handed me all the papers and when over to a cabinet. She looked back at me with a weird look and I had a sinking feeling. 8
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 122
Chapter 122
+25 BONUS
Usually you would get your key when you were assigned, but since you’re late, I’ll just give it to you now.” She pulled a key on a wristlet and handed it to me. “The dorms are open to move into this weekend and class starts on Monday morning.”
I looked at my mom, and she shook her head. “You waited to the last minute, didn’t you, baby?” I just grinned.
“I informed the university I was spending the summer at another pack out of their territory.
“That you did. I saw your note on the file. You were actually the next thing on my to do list. So you saved me the hassle.”
“Next on your to do list?” I laughed. “Why?”
“The dean wanted me to follow up on all alphas that have registered this year to ensure that each got the classes they wanted.”
I nodded along, but my mom frowned. “What happens if a beta or gamma wolf picked their classes before the alphas and were accepted into the program, only for an alpha to ask for the same spot?”
Mrs. Sandlewood frowned. “Unfortunately, with the newest administration rules, the lower ranked wolf bounced from the program.”
“Wait.” I reeled back. “Please tell me I didn’t bump anyone from the program.
She shook her head. “No. Thankfully, like I said, computer science was a less in demand program. You were the only alpha to even request that department. The rest were gammas, and one beta.” I sighed and nodded. But this was something that didn’t sit right with me. If Alpha’s wanted their choice of department, then we should apply sooner, not expect others to be bumped.
“Good. I didn’t want to take anyone’s spot.” I smiled and looked down at my schedule. I was looking at my classes and the teachers, and I stumbled over a name. The class at seven, the teacher’s name, was left undetermined. ” Who is the teacher for the late class again?”
“That is a surprise.” Mrs. Sandlewood tried to smile but I saw a flash of fear. “He wants to be low key, so he isn’t on anyone’s schedule and he will show up just for the class.
“Weird, but okay.” I shook my head and stood. “Thank you, Mrs. Sandlewood,”
“Before you go, dear. Since school starts in a few days, the dean has opened the campus for students. You can find out where you need to go, so you are more prepared for Monday. If you want, you can take a few minutes to find your dorm room and your classes. There are student chaperones outside the dorm building. Just head on over and grab one.”
“Thank you again Mrs. Sandlewood.”
“No worries dear.” She turned back to her computer, and we turned to leave. “Oh, shoot wait.” We turned back and she was typing away at her computer. She waved us over, and we sat back down. She hustled back to the printer and huffed out a breath. I could smell a hint of fear that scented the air, and I looked at my mom.
She lifted her finger to her lips, and I just nodded. Now wasn’t the time to discuss this reaction. I needed to figure out exactly what Vince was doing, not only in the pack, but apparently here at school, too. I shook my head in disgust. Everything I learn this time around paints a clearer picture. Vince had taught Brandon how to be an alpha, and I think that was the first problem. Vince seemed to be the catalyst for the ruination of my life. He supported Shannon in my last life after I mated with Brandon.
He wanted Brandon to have a strong mate, but he didn’t care what he did on the side. Up until he stepped down,
+25 BONUS
Chapter 122
he would faun over me as Brandon’s mate. Then when Brandon took over he placated me, tell me I was the true luna so what Brandon did on the didn’t matter. But behind my back, he would tell Morgan everything to speed up the downfall of our bond. He even said he smelt another of our child, supporting Shannon’s claims that I was cheating. 3
Brandon was too weak to even smell his child, and his father used that to ruin us. But it was still Brandon’s fault for believing them. So it will still be his fault when I bring the end to his line.
“Alpha Amy?” Mrs. Sandlewood was back sitting in front of her computer, and fear scented all the surrounding air. I shook myself and smiled. “I’m sorry. I was thinking too hard.” I watched as she took a deep breath.
“I forgot a few things.” She started, the fear in the air became thicker. She sat there shivering. This older woman was terrified of our reaction and it honestly broke my heart
Chapter 123
###Next D 123
Chapter 123
+25 BONUS
“It’s okay.” My mom tried to calm her. “I forget things all the time.” We both laughed and waited.
Mrs. Sandlewood settled a little and chuckled along with us. “Oh. Well, some days are like that.” She laughed as she clicked a few times on her computer. “First thing. I forgot to give you this.” SHe handed me a piece of paper. This is a list of things needed for your dorm. Blankets, sheets, daily life items people take for granted.” I nodded along. “On the back is a list of things Alpha Vince thinks the Alpha’s should bring to be easily identifiable.”
I furrowed my brows. “What?” I flipped it over and read what seemed to be a checklist of superiority. “Louis Vuitton jewelry, or other name brand items. Luxury brand clothing only. Purses and other accessories should be above $10,000 in price, daily.” I looked up from the list and Mrs. Sandlewood was actually sweating. “Why?”
“What in the goddess‘ name is he trying to do? Even if a person is the Alpha, some packs can’t afford this.” My mother snatched the paper out of my hand and shook her head. “What is he trying to do?” I looked at my mother and gave a tiny shake.
We can’t say anything here. “Well. I’m just not going to follow this.” I smiled a little. “And if Vince has a problem with it, he can take it up with me.” I shook my head and went to get up again.
“Wait.” I settled back into my seat. “Your food card. I forgot all about it.”
My mom smacked her head. “Oh my goddess, so did L.” I locked over at her and raised an eyebrow.
“I know you mentioned it before just now, but what is the deal? Couldn’t I just buy food with my debit card?” I switched between the two laughing women. “What?”
“Baby. The university works within a specific system. The only card you can use to purchase anything here is the food card.”
“We have been using the system for years. It’s stopping kids from flashing their money around.” Mrs. Sandlewood typed on her computer. “We load the card, and you it comes with a specific daily limit that you can’t to over.”
“Why?” I was dumbfounded. What on earth was going on? My last life Brandon stopped me from going to university, so I was completely lost hearing this.
“Years ago, there were a few alphas that went out of their way to throw their weight around. One was to torment other students, and the stood up and made a point.”
“What exactly happened?” I turned to my mother, and she snickered.
“Well, there was an alpha that was throwing his money around.” She started between her chuckles. “Specifically, when the year I started here.”
“Okay…” I shook my head in confusion.
“Well, the first alpha was from a richer pack, and he flaunted it.” Mrs. Sandlewood picked up the story as my mother lost it to her giggles. “He would try to buy things for his friends, and even bought out the textbooks for one class.”
“Screwing over the rest of the class.” My mother interrupted.
“Who was from a much richer pack?”
“And a little bit of an asshole.” My mother cackled.
“And he then bought out the entire store and gave everything away to the other students. He made sure everyone was ready for their classes with the textbooks, except for the first alpha
+25 BONUS
Chapter 129
“It was incredible.” My mother wiped her eyes, finally done laughing.
It was something. I worked here in the office back then and was witness to the mayhem they both created. The card system was implemented within a month.”
I nodded along. “Who were the alpha’s?” I looked at Mrs. Sandlewood, but she was clearly not going to answer.
My mother rubbed my hand as she coughed. “Vince was the first alpha, and the second was your father.”
There was a thick silence in the room until Mrs. Sandlewood cleared her throat. “Now, that story isn’t meant to be run around the school, so keep it to yourself.”
“Of course.” I automatically answered.
“So, how much would you like to add to your card?”
“How often can we load it?” My mom asked. “When it was first started, it was a onetime loading and then the kids had to budget.”
Mrs. Sandlewood nodded. “The program is the same. That’s why Alpha Vince typed up the requirements for alphas. He wanted you to be prepared before you came and had to budget.”
My mom looked at me and kind of bobbed her head back and forth. “And the remainder of the money, at the end of the semester, is it rolled over or is it emptied and then reloaded?”
“We changed that, where we used to refund it every semester. We recently moved to a roll over method. You can add to it at the beginning of each semester, but once it’s gone, it’s gone until the end of the term.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 124
Chapter 124
+25 BONUS 
My mom nodded and looked at me. “You aren’t stupid with your money. But I want to make sure you have enough to do what you want.” She bit her lip as she thought about it.
“How much is normally added?” I turned back to Mrs. Sandlewood.
“Oh.” She clicked a few times on her computer and then nodded. “Beta’s or lower usually load between twenty- five to forty thousand dollars. But the Alphas usually load more.”
“Why?” My mom kept counting things on her hands and I just laughed.
“Well, they have access to a few specialize clubs on campus, Plus…” Mrs. Sandlewood trailed off.
“What is it?” I prompted her to finish her thought.
She lowered her voice and leaned in. “It really depends on the Alpha. Some blow through their money quickly at the clubs.”
“You mentioned them. What are they?”
“There are a few sports bars and one dance club. Only ranked wolves can get in. But Alpha’s have a VIP section and it costs more. The flashier ones spend their money there. Then the others, they are more respectful and sponsor kids”
“Sponsor kids?”
Mrs. Sandlewood kind of sighed. “Some of the unranked wolves don’t have a lot of money. Or non at all. They get jobs around campus to earn their meals.”
My mother covered her mouth, and I felt my face fall. “But these kids are here to study and now they have to worry about eating?” I turned to my mom, and she shook her head.
“That’s horrible.”
“I know you aren’t allowed to give me the names, but are you able to see how many students have a zero balance on their cards?” I pulled my phone from my pocket and dialed my father.
“Of course.” Mrs. Sandlewood worked for a few minutes on the computer as I rang my father.
“Baby?” My father’s deep voice rang out and I watched my mother shiver next to me. “Is something wrong?”
“Yeah dad there is.” I drew a breath. “I need you to transfer me a lot of money.”
“What?” My dad chuckled. “Why?”
“I’m at the university, and we are getting ready to load my meal card.”
My dad burst out laughing. “They still do that bullshit.” He cackled for a few more minutes, obviously proud of himself. “Okay. Okay. What do you need for your meals?”
“It’s not my meals. I’m worried about daddy.” I started, and he fell silence.
“There are three hundred low ranked and unranked wolves with no money on their food cards.” Mrs. Sandlewood whispered to me and I nodded.
I covered the phone and whispered back to her. “How much does a basic meal plan cost, just three meals a day, and the cost of textbooks for a semester?”
She clicked a few times and then scrunched up her face. “Around ten thousand dollars.”
25 BONUS
Chapter 124
“Daddy…I need three million.”
I listened to my father choke on whatever he was drinking. Okay, but explain.” I heard my father whisper a few things to Ronnie, who also choked. He laughed again.
“I just found out that lower ranked wolves, and some of the unranked wolves, have to take jobs around the campus instead of focusing on their studies.”
“What?” My father’s voice faltered.
“Yeah.”
“What did this happen? There used to be a basic food plan included in tuition.” Mrs. Sandlewood’s eyes widened as she looked away.
“The integrated food plan was removed about ten years back.” She answered, and I did the math. I leaned the phone towards her and hit the speaker button to make this easier.
“Alpha Vince was appointed as Dean ten years ago.” My father’s voice was dark, and I knew he was angry.
“That is correct.” Mrs. Sandlewood answered, but she wouldn’t meet my eye.
“How much is the basic food plan?” His voice was controlled, but I knew my dad.
Mrs. Sandlewood swallowed. “About six thousand.”
I pulled the phone back towards me. “I asked how much the basic food plan and the text books per semester would work out to be daddy.”
“Right, textbooks and necessities. So roughly its…”
“Ten thousand a person.” I finished.
“And how many are under the amount for the semester, for the entire school?” His question proved he was
smarter than I was.
Mrs. Sandlewood, bless her heart, shivered in fear. “One second.” She did a few more minutes at the computer. There are three hundred with no money, and an additional two hundred students that fall below the basic living
amount.‘
Mrs…”
“Sandlewood.” She finished.
“Mrs. Sandlewood, you were the secretary when I was there weren’t you?”
“Yes, Alpha I was.” She blushed and my mother looked away with a smirk.
“Okay, Mrs. Sandlewood. How much would be needed to bump everyone up about the basic amount?”
She clicked a few more things and then we all heard an audible gulp. “Four million seven hundred and thirty dollars.”
###Next D 125
Chapter 125
My mother shook her head in disgust. “All those students.” She couldn’t hold back her anger.
“I’ll transfer you the money.” My father was about to hang up, but I had to stop him.
“Daddy? Can you round it up to five million?”
I could picture him throwing his head back, and his laughter rang through the phone. “Why?”
“Because. I have a plan. I want to make a few investments. That way, I can pay back the pack and handle the rest of the cost for the next four years at university.”
My father’s laughter grew even more. “Smart girl. I did the same thing.” I knew he was talking about his investments he made when I was a kid. Everyone thought be was just making just good decisions, but he knew how it would turn out.
A second chance at life does that. But remembering everything is hard, and he took a few hits. But now, now it was my turn to use my first life to my benefit.
“Yeah.” I smiled.
“Ronnie will send it over right now.”
“Thank you, daddy.”
“You are welcome, pup. I love you.”
“I love you too.” I hung up the phone and turned to Mrs. Sandlewood. “Okay. So I am super sorry, but I think this will be a lot of work for you.” I grimaced, but she smiled.
“This is something I am more than happy to do.” She ran to the filing cabinet and grabbed stacks of papers. “This is going to take a while. I can load all the cards, assign them to each student, and then have you pay before I activate them all.”
“Sounds good.” I stood. “I also want one hundred thousand on my card. That way, if I need to do something, I have the extra money I need, and if it rolls over, so be it.”
Mrs. Sandlewood jotted down a note and nodded. “Okay. Give me probably an hour. Go look for your classes, your dorm, check everything out and then head on back. We can process everything then.”
“Okay.” I grabbed my purse. And my mother stood up. We walked out of the office and found Vince standing outside of the glass. “Hello Alpha Vince.” I smiled up at him.
“Hello Amy.” His voice held barely contained rage. “Hello Ainsley.”
“Alpha.” My mother smiled as we skirted him and continued down the corridor. Once we were a ways a way, my mother turned to me and she smirked. “He was livid. Did you see the vein pulsing in his forehead?”
“I did.” I laughed as we walked out of the main building. “Lets go find the students bringing people around. We can have them show us around.”
“Sounds good.” My mom wrapped her arm around mine as we walked towards the dorms. We walked around the campus, searching for the correct building, when we turned a corner and saw a few people sitting at a table with a sign.
I pulled my mother towards the desk, and the smiling girl sitting there. “Hi there.”
“Hey.” I gave a small wave. “We are looking for a guide.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 125
The cute girl smiled wider. “You came to the right place.” She looked down at her clipboard. “What is your name?”
“Amy Maclean.” I smiled at the few others standing around.
The girl’s smile faltered. “You are an Alpha.”
“Yes.” I tried to meet her eyes, but she wouldn’t look at me anymore. “Is there something wrong?”
“No.” She rushed. “Not at all.” She smiled, but it felt forced “Clint. Another Alpha for you to bring around.” A big man, obviously Clint, stood and walked over to us.
“Clint?” I started and put my hand out.)
“Yes Alpha. I’m Beta Clint from the Shadowclaw pack back east.”
“Nice to meet you, Beta. How’s your father?” I smile as I pulled back my hand.
Clint stumbled over his words. “My father?”
“Yeah Clive. How’s your father? Last I saw him, he was set on retiring and taking your mom on a travel vacation.”
Clint’s eyes widened. “You know my dad?”
“Of course I do. My father always brought me to the alpha summits where I would get to meet everyone.” I raised my shoulder. “Your father was always super nice to me, and didn’t treat me as ‘some alpha‘. He saw me, if you know what I’m saying.”
Clint smiled. “Yeah. Yeah, I do. He was always an amazing dad.”
“Was?”
Clint cleared his throat. “Him and my mother died last year after the summit. They left for their first vacation. My dad called it my training. And then they were just gone.” Clint rubbed the back of his head. “And I inherited the beta roll.” 3
“I’m sorry. I know there is no way to make it any better, but your dad always talked about you. He was very proud of the man you were becoming and he was confident in you taking over his position.”
Clint nodded, then gestured towards the building. “Let’s go”
###Next D 126
Chapter 126
Chapter 126
“This is the dorm room building. It’s co–op, so everyone will be in the same building. Instead of organizing us by gender, they organize us by year. But they do it backwards. First years are on the top floor.” Clint looked back and smiled. “The elevator has been out for…well I’ve been here for three years already and it was out for years before me.” He laughed. “The stairs are over here.” He brought us over to the main staircase and headed up.
“What program are you in?” I followed him up the five flights of stairs.
“I wanted to go into business, like most Alpha’s and Beta’s Help strengthen the pack’s standing.” I nodded.
“Yeah. A lot of packs fall into that line of thinking.” I tried to hedge my bet, but Clint laughed.
“Yeah, you sound like my father.” He looked back at me with a smile as he turned to the last flight of stairs. “He pushed me into computer science. Said it was the new way to protect the pack, and potentially make money.”
I reeled. “My father gave me the same push.” Clint met my eye as he made it to the landing and turned around with his hand out. I furrowed my brow. “I need your papers
I handed him everything. “He’s a smart man. This entire program teaches us how to structure a security systems, how to program and create apps that the humans use. Anything is possible with this program, and only our packs benefits from it.”
I nodded. “Exactly.” He nodded down the hallway, and we followed. “Any pointers you can give me?”
“A ton. But if I have to be honest, the only one that would make any difference would be to go to every class.” He chuckled. “You miss one day, and you are completely lost. You learn so much every single class here.”
“Got it.” He headed down the hallway, looking down at one of my papers.
“Here you are. Alpha room, single with own bathroom.” He whistled and wiggled his eyebrows. “Fancy.” I laughed. “Not many get this kind of treatment.”
My mom jumped in. “I requested it. Sometimes Amy’s woll..”
“I just started shifting, and my wolf is bigger than most. Anil very territorial.” I finished, causing my mother to laugh.
“She found out her step sister was borrowing her clothes. She washed everything with descenting spray, had her carpets cleaned, replaced her bed completely, and changed her routine.” Clint’s eyes widened as my mother
nodded.
“Okay then. That checks out.” He smiled, and he pointed to the knob. “I assume you have you key?”
I nodded and opened the room. We walked in and checked everything out. The room was white, bare, and boring. On the left–hand side, there was a door, then a desk. On the far wall there was a single bed and on the right–hand side there was a double sliding door. I slid the door open to closet that had a built–in dresser on one side and roorn to hang things on the other.
I turned back to the door on the left and opened up the bathroom. It was clean, with a small vanity, shower and toilet. There was a shelf over the toilet to home extra toiletries. It was nice, but I noticed there was no bathmat, no shower curtain, no towels. “It’s empty.”
“Yeah, bring everything. It’s listed on the papers, but they hiss things.” He slid a pen out of his pocket and wrote a few things on the list to bring. “Make sure you bring ever thing on this list. Or else you will be scrambling.
I nodded as I closed the door. I looked at my mother as she took back the list of things to bring and sighed. “We just did all that shopping for your room and now we have to do it again.”
#25 BONUS 
Chapter 126
I laughed. “It’s okay. I can just take most of the stuff from home.”
She shook her head. “The whole point is that you can stay here or at home, not one or the other, and hauling all this stuff back and forth isn’t practical.” She looked down the list and back up at me. “We will go shopping tomorrow.” I just nodded.
“Let’s head to your classes. I luckily know where all of them are, and it won’t take long.”
“Hey, I had a question.” I started as we closed up my room.
“Sure shoot.”
“Who is the unnamed professor?”
Clint threw back his head and laughed. “Ain’t no way I am telling you that.”
“Why not?” I shot him a glare.
“First, because I can’t. He’s an alpha and commanded our silence. But even if I could, I wouldn’t. That is a surprise worth finding out on your own.
? 
1 groaned as his laughter rang down the corridor,
###Next D 127
Chapter 127
“Why does she get everything?” Shannon screamed from downstairs and I had to muffle my laughter. She has been screaming since she got home. She found out that I was getting a dorm while she had to come home, like it would make that much of a difference.
There was a knock on the door, and I got up to open it. Morgan stood there. “Amy, can you please come downstairs? I want to have a family meeting.” I nearly lost it right then, so I just nodded. He turned around, jaw clenched and headed downstairs towards his screaming daughter.
I entered the room to find Shannon punching the couch cushion over and over. I snorted as I walked over to one of the chairs that framed the couch. Morgan shot me a glare, and I just raised my eyebrow at him. I sat down and waved my hand. “Let’s get this show on the road.”
Morgan shot me another glared as he walked away. “I told you not to fucking touch me.” My mother’s snarl came from the kitchen.
“I’m sorry. Please.” Morgan begged and honestly, it was pathetic.
I heard a smash, and then she stomped out and over to me. She calmed a little as she settled next to me. She looked over to Shannon, who was still screaming and attacking the pillow.
I gestured to Shannon. “I don’t think Shannon here is in the mood for a family meeting, Morgan. She seems… busy.”
Morgan snarled and grabbed Shannon, spinning her around and pushing her down onto the couch. “Sit.” Shannon snarled back, but settled.
“What now?” She leaned into his face. “What the hell is this?”
“A family meeting.” Morgan pushed her back and sat next to her.
Even Shannon laughed. “What the fuck? Why?”
“I’m assuming it’s because of you.” I rolled my eyes and looked at my mother. “I don’t understand why I’m here.”
My mom looked down at me and snorted. “I don’t know why either of us is here.” We both turned to look at Morgan, and she opened her hands, as if she was saying, what do you want?
Morgan sighed and looked between us and Shannon. “Amy, you are both starting university on Monday.”
Shannon glared at me and I flipped her off. “See daddy, she doesn’t care.”
“Shan, just stop.” Morgan wiped at his eyes and then refoclised back on us. “You two are starting on Monday, and so is Brandon.” He started again.
“Please don’t tell me this is all about Brandon?” I howled in laughter. “For fuck sakes. Shannon. Look at me when I tell you this.” I waited until she finally met my eyes, “I do not, now or ever, want that pathetic piece of shit alpha boyfriend you have. You can keep him.” I stood up and went to leave.
“Please sit down. That isn’t what this is about.”
I huffed and dropped back to the seat. “Then what is it about Morgan? I’m tired of dealing with this bullshit.”
“Amy.” Morgan chastised me, like I was a child. His child.
“You aren’t my father, Morgan. So how about you stop the act, and just get on with it? What do you want?”
Morgan leaned over and placed his elbows on his knees. “Shannon saw your papers on the table. She saw your
+25 BONUS.
Chapter 127
food card, your dorm room, everything.”
“So what?” I looked at my mom and I saw her wince a little. She mouthed the word ‘sorry‘ at me but I just shrugged. “What does that have to do with her?”
Shannon shot me an ugly look. But I just shook my head. She lifted a hand, pointed at me, and turned to her father. “See.”
Morgan dropped his head into his hands. “Why did you get a dorm?” He looked up at us and dropped his hands.
“I got her a dorm so that she would have space away from here.” My mother jumped in.
“Why?”
“Do you really have to ask?” My mother crossed her arms.
“Obviously.” Morgan sighed.
“Because of your daughter.” My mom wrapped her arm around my shoulder.
“What about Shannon?”
I snorted. “Oh my god Morgan. You can’t be
“What did I do?” Shannon shot out.
is stupid.” I shook my head in disgust.
I tossed my head and then stared at them. I lifted my hand and counted on my fingers. “You stole my clothes. You used my scent and my power to trick your boyfriend. You have gone out of your way to make every day at school absolutely miserable.” She scoffed. “You screech every day, all day. When you fuck your boyfriend, your fake moans keep me up half the night. I honestly don’t want to be around you, and neither does Nix. You entered her den, and you contaminated it.”
###Next D 128
Chapter 128 
“You act like I am some kind of disease.” Shannon shot to her feet.
“To me, to Nix, you are.” I snarled. “I don’t think you understand. So let me break it down for you. You know how you feel about Brandon. How he’s yours?” I waited, staring at her face, and watched as the possessiveness took
over.
“Yes.” She bit out.
“How you feel like no one ever should touch him, be near him, flirt with him? Right? Like you would kill anyone that tried to take him.” I stared at her again, waiting.
“Yes.”
“Well, I feel that way about my stuff. My room. My safe space. And you violated it to get laid.” I stood, and I could feel my anger rising. “You are weaker than me, lower than me, and an all around shitty fucking person. But you thought you had the right to MY stuff. You went into my room and used my things, the things I got from my mother, from my father, for myself. And you used them to trap a wolf that isn’t yours.” Nix came closer to the surface. I felt my eyes shift, my fur flowed down my arms, and my claws came out. “Do you know what that does to me?”
Shannon paled. She shook her head back and forth and cowered. “I, I, I, I, I don’t know.”
“You know.” I screamed, “You feel the same way about Brandon.” I stepped toward her and Morgan stood up with his arms raised up in surrender.
“Amy, please.”
“A beta has some nesting instinct.” I glared at him. “How would you feel if someone went into your room, stole your shit, and then strutted around acting like you owed them? Knowing that they aren’t even fucking ranked.”
Morgan swallowed and then nodded. “I’d hate it.“.
“Exactly.” I flung my hands up. “So ask me again why I need a dorm.” Morgan met my eyes and looked away. “I said ask me.”
“Why do you need a dorm?”
“So I have a place away from your pathetic daughter. Where she can’t get in. Where my wolf can feel like her space isn’t invaded. So we don’t do anything stupid, like fucking till her.” My eyes flashed and Shannon cowered again. 
Morgan nodded. “It seems like it is a smart decision.”
My mother looked back and forth between me and them. “think, for the sake of peace, you should stay at your dorm for the first little while. Until Nix calms down a bit reached her hand out to me and shook her head. “Baby, log but now…” She rubbed her thumb over my hand. “You are killing someone who doesn’t matter.” Shannon scoffed and 
“Would that be alright Amy?” Morgan asked quietly,
You want me to stay on campus?” I glared
I just think, for the safety of everyone Involved It might could see there was a glint in fili oyen
Safety fight? And it has nothing to do with getting me
looked back at her, betrayal on my face. But she
at yourself. These things used to roll off your back.
edge. And I don’t want you ruining your life by my mother just smirked.
the smart decision Helled to sound sorry, bar!
?the house and having my mother all to yourself?
Chapter 128
My mother threw her head back and laughed. “Amy.”
“It’s true.” I shot back.
+25 BONUS
“Even if it was true.” My mother started and pulled me back down to the chair. “It doesn’t matter. The ship sailed.” She looked to Morgan, and I watched the life, the love, drain out of them. “I don’t know how often I have to say it to get it through your thick heads. But I am no longer your wife, your stepmother, your chef, or your maid. We live together, but that’s all there is.‘”
“Ainsley.” Morgan tried to take a step, but she growled.
“Fine.” I settled back in the chair. “I’ll stay in the dorm.”
“Fine.” Morgan settled back down beside Shannon.
“Can I go now?”
Morgan was about to nod, but Shannon grabbed his arm. “The food card, daddy.”
He huffed out a breath and rolled his eyes. “Shannon. Be reasonable.” He looked at her, but she screamed and got to her feet.
“See!” She pointed at me. “She gets everything. The rank, the money, the alphas. Everything and I get NOTHING.” She screamed. “She gets a hundred thousand on a FOOD CARD. Are you kidding me?” She whirled on me. “Why do you even need that much money, anyway?”
I looked her dead in the eyes. “I might want to buy something.” I shrugged.
“I have nothing on my food card!” She broke down into tears. 1
“Well, that’s not true.” I leaned forward. “I just payed like four million to ensure every student enlisted had at least ten thousand on their cards.”
Chapter 129
###Next D 129
Chapter 129
Shannon and Morgan froze. “What did you say?” Shannon took a step towards me.
“I said everyone now has ten thousand dollars on their card now.” I rolled my eyes. “So you can leave me alone.”
“I want more.” Shannon stomped her foot.
I laughed. “What?” I shook my head in disbelief.
“I said I want more. I deserve more. If everyone else has ten thousand dollars, then I should have as much as you, one hundred thousand.”
My mother burst out in laughter. “You have to be kidding. Why do you deserve more?” She stood and paced, almost prowl. “You are still acting like you are better than everyone else.”
“Because I am.” Shannon shouted. 1
“You’re not!” My mom shouted back. She turned on Morgan. “This is your fault. Do you not realize that? You spoiled her and made her believe that her status as your kid made her better than the rest of her pack. You have doomed her.”
Morgan stood. “I have not.”
“Yes, you have.” My mother countered. “You want to know how?” Morgan glared at my mother, but she just continued. “She is an unranked wolf, Morgan, UNRANKED. And you have somehow convinced her she was going to land an alpha. She won’t accept any other rank in a mate, but we both know what her chances are. They are zero. Even if she somehow convinces Brandon that she can be his chosen mate, it won’t work. His wolf would reject her. So now you have a daughter who will forever be mateless. Or betrayed if he is stupid enough to actually mate her. And then she will be in my position. Forced to marry a random wolf or become a whore.” My mother was screaming by the end of it and Morgan just sunk to the couch
That’s how you see our marriage?” His voice was soft. “Even after all these years?”
“Common Morgan. We are all adults here. We can stop being fucking stupid.” Her skin rippled. “Vince enacted that vile law, to force me to being his slave, and you offered me a saving grace. I wasn’t stupid enough to believe it was out of the goodness of your heart. You and Vince played the game, and I lost.” (2
Morgan tried to face her, but he wouldn’t meet her eyes. “It wasn’t like that…” He tried to say, but she laughed.
“I put up with you, because I had to. I slept with you because I had to.” She went closer to him and he tried to rally. He stood on his indignation, but faced with her fury, he wilted.
“Don’t say that. I love you.”
She tossed her head back and laughed. “You love yourself: You love the idea of owning me. But you don’t love me. You don’t respect me. If you did, you wouldn’t have ruined my first run with my daughter.”
“If this is about that, I already said I’m sorry. Ainsley please.” Morgan lifted his arms, but she scowled. “I swear, I’ll make it up to you.”
П
“You want to make it up to me?” My mother looked at me, then back to Morgan. He just nodded.
“Anything, please.”
“Fine.” I narrowed my eyes at my mother, but she had a plan. “I’ll give you until Amy is done at school.” “What?” Morgan furrowed his brow.
Chapter 129
+25 BONUS
“I’ll give you until Amy is done at university. Four years. Make it up to me and make me fall back in love with you.” I nearly snorted. She never loved Morgan.
He doesn’t know that, though. Megan’s voice was quiet.
True. I answered.
“Okay. And if I can?” Morgan walked closer to my mother.
“Then I’ll have pups with you.” She tilted her head as his eyes widened. “You have been saying for years you wanted another pup. Now is your chance.”
“Yes. I’ll do it.”
“But.” She lifted her finger, and he froze.
“But?”
She nodded. “But if you fail to make it up to me, if you failed to make me love you again….then we divorce.”
Morgan reeled back. “If we divorce, then the betrayal law kicks back in.”
My mom nodded. “That’s right.”
“You can’t mean that…”
“That I would rather become a slave to Vince if I can’t find a wolf to want me? Yes, at this point I do.” She snarled.
but I “You ruined everything the day you ruined my run. You have always been a selfish, unreliable, vapid man, put up with it, grew to even tolerate it enough to see the good in you. But when you broke your word, you showed me you are no better than other men.” She insinuated Morgan was on the same level as a cheating mate, and that hurt his ego. I could see it in his eyes. I just got to my feet.
“I’m done with this meeting.” And I walked back to my room, listening to Morgan and Shannon bicker to each other about how unfair life is.
###Next D 130
‘Mom, you really didn’t have to help me.” I looked back at her and she laughed.
“Did you really think I was going to allow you to move into your dorm without me helping?” My mom carried a box up the steps.
I me
mean, kinda…” 1 laughed as I unlocked the room. I dropped the box in my hands and turned to look at her. “It’s just for a little while. It’s not like you won’t see me again.
My mother dropped her box on the bed and turned to me. “I don’t think that’s true.”
“What? Mom, come on.” I shook my head but she grabbed my hands.
“Listen to me. I don’t have power like a shaman or like your grandmother, but I have this feeling. Somehow, I know you won’t be coming home.”
I stared at her, and I could see the pain behind her eyes. “I might not come home, but I will still see you. I’m not going to just up and leave you, mom.”
She wiped at her eye. “You promise?”
“Of course I do.” I grabbed her and hugged her. “What is really bothering you?”
She pulled away and looked at my face. “I miss him.”
“I know, mom. But we have a plan. Right?”
“Yes. Yes we do.” She wiped her face. “I just never thought would ever have to go a day without either of you in it.” 
“And you won’t. I will call you every day, and if you ever need me, I’m there. And we can have a weekly standing appointment to see each other, and do something.”
“Okay.” My mom smiled and headed to the boxes. “Is there anything else downstairs?”
“Nope. This is everything.” I grabbed a box and started to unpack it.
“Are you nervous?” My mom took her box to the bathroom and her voice echoed back to me.
“A little, if I’m honest. I don’t know who the surprise teacher is. I honestly don’t know if this course will even be something I’ll enjoy.”
My mom popped her head out. “Then why do it?”
I stopped and looked up from the box. “Because dad’s life is on the line. Your life is on the line, and my happiness doesn’t hold a candle to that.”
“Amy.” She came out of the bathroom and walked over to ie, cupping my face. “Your happiness is the most important thing to us.”
“I know, but your life, dad’s life, the pack, is the most important thing to me. And I’m an alpha. I do what I have to do to make sure the pack thrives.”
My mom shook her head and kissed my forehead. “Try to be happy, baby. That’s my only wish for you.
“I will be once we figure everything out.” She nodded and beaded back to the bathroom.
I emptied the box I was working on and moved to the next. Soon my room was taking shape. The bed was made; the desk set up, my closet full. I had my regular computer at my moms, in my safe. I left it there, saying I was 
+25 BONUS
Chapter 130
going to buy myself a new one. That way, if anyone saw my new computer, they wouldn’t question it.
My father had texted me on my new phone, too. But this one I would keep in the safe worked into the closet. The only good thing that werewolves ever did became so paranoid that every closet had a safe. But this one was a little tricky. So I bought my own lock box that I stashed in the safe. That way, if anyone broke in and got into the safe provided by the university, I would have an extra layer of protection.
“Do you really think this is necessary? The lock box in the safe?” My mother shook her head.
“The university should have a universal code that unlocked every safe.” My mom nodded, and I saw the moment when that information actually clicked in her head.
“So anyone could potentially get into your stuff.”
I nodded. “Anyone on the staff, anyway? This way, my stuff is still protected.”
My mother pulled the lock box out of the safe and double checked it. “Werewolf strength?”
“Yeah.” I nodded and took it from her hands, sliding it back into the safe and locking it with a new code.
“You really thought of everything, didn’t you?” My mother wrapped her arm around me as she stared at my closest.
“No, but I tried.”
“What do you think Vince is going to do when he sees your clothes?” She chuckled.
“Probably lose his mind, but I refuse to strut around here in designer labels for no reason. I’m an alpha, not a pony to prance around.” I shook my head. “Plus, if I have to dress up, I’ll have a reason to come home.”
My mom shook her head and kissed my temple. “Don’t poke the bear too much.” I just laughed. Too late.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 131
###Next D 131
Chapter 131
The alarm screeched through the air, and I groaned. I think it’s safe to say that I am a night owl. I want to just roll over, but I have to get ready for class.
Class
Ugh. I’m excited but also dreading it.
You get to find out who the secret professor is today. Nix’s voice sounded excited.
“Why are you so excited?” I yawned so wide, my jaw cracked. I sat up and stretched.
I don’t know; she has been amped up since last night. I kept her entertained so you could sleep. Megan’s voice was tired.
“Nix?”
ΤΗ 
Someone’s coming. I don’t know who, but it’s important. She panted. It was like she was running around in my mind.
That’s exactly what she is doing. Megan countered, yawning herself.
Llaughed as I stood and made my way into the bathroom. Time to get ready. I showered, cried my hair and then stepped back into my room to choose my outfit. I flipped through my clothes until I landed on simple jeans. I grabbed them and a black tank top. I got dressed, flipping my hair into a messy bun, some quick eye liner and gloss, and I was out the door for breakfast.. a 
I headed for the cafeteria. Checking my time to make sure I had enough time to grab food before my first class. I had ample time, and I was starving. The need for protein was intense.
“What is going on with you, Nix?”
I need to shift. Her voice was still out of breath and then he need hit me. 2
I wavered on my legs before I locked my knees. “Wait until after our first class before we can shift.” I pushed through the door to the cafeteria and headed straight to the food. I grabbed a tray and loaded it with bacon, sausages, and eggs. I grabbed an orange juice, then headed to the cashier.
“Good morning.” The older lady smiled at me and I smiled back.
“Good morning.” She swiped my card, and I watched as her eyes widened. “Is there something wrong?”
“No, no.” She smiled again, only this time it was a little forced. Then she leaned in. “Alpha’s usually eat with the Dean in the morning.”
I shook my head as I rolled my eyes. “Well, I guess I missed the memo.” I winked and then grabbed my food before I turned and found an empty table.
I sat down and dug in. It had only been a few minutes before I heard a nasally voice and I wanted to kick myself for not grabbing coffee. I finished my food, and I was just about to get up, but the nasally voice had zero’d in on me and I was surrounded by a pack of rabid girls. I wanted to hang my head. I did not have enough caffeine to deal with this yet.
“What are you doing?” I pretended to not hear, and I finished the last of my toast before I wiped my mouth. The -woman with the nail on a chalkboard voice snarled and slammed her hands down on the table across from me. “I
said, what are you doing?”
I looked up slowly from my tray. I leaned back in my chair as I sized up the woman in front of me. Typical popular
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 131 
girl. Maybe a beta. One that hasn’t had to deal with stronger female wolves from her pack. “Eating.” My answer was slow, drawn out. I waved my hands over my tray and widened my eyes.
The blonde girl straightened her back and glared at me. Her friends, a brunette and a redhead. Lower rank, but still decently powerful, maybe a high level unranked, or gammas. I watched as she bristled. “You’re not funny. What are you doing at our table?”
I leaned over your table.”
rmy tray and waved my hands. “Eating” I stood up and grabbed my tray, “I’m done, so you can have
1 turned to walk away, but I felt a hand wrap around my hair and pull. I dropped the tray and hand the red head by her throat before the other two could move. “Let me go.” The red head screeched, but I just smiled.
“You touched me first.” I pulled her closer to my face and felt my eyes shift as Nix begged to be released. “Now, why would you go and do something stupid like that?” I squeezed my hand, and she started to choke.
“Release her.” I felt the wave of power come from the blonde. Pathetically weak. So I just laughed and turned to her, still choking her friend. My head tilted to the side.
“You’re going to have to do better than that if you want me to release this bitch.” I felt my fangs slide down and 1 bared them.
“Enough!”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
+25 BONUS
Chapter 132
###Next D 132
Chapter 132
Chapter 132 
“I said enough.” The deep voice rang out through the cafeteria and everyone froze, except me. I squeezed the throat of the red head harder, lifting her from the ground, her feet dangling, “Amy, please.”
I turned my head and stared at Vince. “This one touched me I growled out, Nix slipping closer to the surface. I pulled the girl closer to my face. I could barely see her freckles that dusted her nose anymore. “Do you know what I do to people who touch me without permission?”
She whimpered in my hands. “Please Claudia, help me.” Her voice was barely above a whisper. Her eyes darted to the side to look at the blonde, but I laughed.
I pushed her to the ground. “What do you think the blonde is going to do?” I crouched down over the girl, claws sliding out of my fingers
“What in the goddess name is going on?” Vince’s voice was closer, probably hustling across the room to get closer to stop whatever this was, but he wasn’t going to stop me. No one would, unless I did it myself.
“Alpha Vince, this girl was sitting at our table. We were just putting her in her place.” The blonde stepped up toward the alpha
“Claudia, was it?” I snarled. I grabbed the redhead by her hair, like she tried to do to me, and dragged her to her knees. “Who are you to put anyone in their place?”
Vince was almost hyperventilating as he rushed over. “Drop the gamma Amy.”
I snarled and tightened my fist, earning a scream from the redhead. “I asked a question Claudia, who the fuck are you to put anyone in their place?”
She finally looked at my face, fangs out, eyes shifted, and I saw a little fear slip behind her eyes. “I’m a beta.” She tried to rally, she really did.
“Amy, for the love of the goddess, drop the gamma before you hurt her.” Vince finally got in front of my face and he tried to smile.
“Alpha, you said-”
“Shut up Claudia.”
“Vince snarled and turned back to me. I narrowed my eyes, but I decided it was smarter to let that go. I would figure out what she was going to say later. Amy, please let go of the gamma. I know you are still new to shifting, so the anger is winning, but you have to calm your wolf.”
“They started it.” 1 gritted out.
“No doubt in my mind, and they will be punished.”
“Excuse me?” Claudia screeched, and I growled, loudly. He voice was quickly becoming something I hated.
He turned and glared at her. “You shut your mouth before allowed Amy here to finish what you three idiots started, which is within her rights to do.” Vince grabbed for my hand and tapped my fist. “Let the girl go. Please.” His voice was almost pleading, so I wrangled Nix back far enough to release the redhead, who had started crying. He let out a breath. “Thank you.” I just nodded.
“Alpha Vince!” Her voice was shrill, and I had to bite my cheek before I ripped into her.
But he ignored her. Vince stared at me and looked at my clothes. “I came to your room to fond you but you were already gone.” ”
“Nix needed food,” I shrugged and bent down for my bag. have to get coffee before class.” I gave a little wave and turned to leave.
Chapter 132
+35 BONUS 
“Don’t fucking move.” Claudia sent out her wave of power her weak aura flowing past me as I stopped moving and turned to her. “Who do you fucking think you are? You sit at my table, you attack my friend, and now.” The smack stopped her in her tracks. The check was already swelling and turning a delightful shade of pink. Claudia looked up, betrayal and pain in her eyes as she met Vince’s glare.
“I told you to shut your mouth. You are a beta, Claudia. Sandra and Emily are barely gammas. Who the fuck do you think you are talking to, an alpha like that?” He growled as he got into her face.
Her eyes darted back and forth. “I wasn’t talking to you, though.” Her voice was soft, confused.
Vince laughed. “You stupid girl. What’s the number one rule here?”
“Obey the alpha’s.” The three girls chorused.
“Exactly.” Vince shook his head and turned back to me. “I’m sorry Alpha Army. I should have met you sooner. Alphas eat in a separate cafeteria.”
The three girls‘ mouths all dropped open, but I ignored them. “It’s fine. I’ll eat where every I’m closest to.” I tossed back, refusing his special treatment.
“She’s not wearing designer labels.” Claudia pouted. “How were we supposed to know?” She stomped her foot and glared my way, but I just smiled and walked away, leaving them alone to deal with that bullshit. I had class to get to.
Chapter 133
+25 BONUS
Chapter 133
###Next D 133
Chapter 133
1 dropped into a seat in the far back of the lecture hall. I pulled my bag on to my lap and pulled out my computer. Once that was booting up, I pulled out my notebook and took a sip from my coffee. I nearly moaned into my cup as the first hit of caffeine hit my bloodstream.
I waited, sipping my French vanilla cappuccino, as the rest of the class streamed in. I scrolled on my phone, waiting for the last few minutes before class was to start. Nix and Megan kept vigil, so when the male approached me, I wasn’t startled
“Excuse me?” His voice was deep, but I’ve heard deeper. The King’s voice fashed through my mind. His voice was the deepest I had ever heard. Just thinking of it had my skin breaking out in goosebumps. I regretted not bringing
a sweater.
“Yes.” I looked up from my phone. The man in front of me was tall, muscular, and decent looking. His chestnut hair and chocolate eyes were warm, and he had a perfect smile. I smiled up at him and waited.
“Can I sit here?” He pointed next to me and I shrugged.
“It’s open.” I turned to the front of the class and slid my phone into my pocket. The man settled next to me and turned to face me.
“I’m Caleb.” He stuck his hand out and I smirked. I shook his hand.
“Amy.”
“What made you pick computer science as your major?” He held on to my hand and I pulled it back forcefully.
“I want to help my pack. And this is a great way to make extra money from the humans.”
Caleb smiled. “My father said the same thing.”
“Smart man
“He is.” Caleb tilted his head. “You don’t seem intimidated by me.”
I smirked back at him. “Why would I be? Are you trying to be intimidating?” I watched his eye twitch.
“No.” He forced a laugh. “But lower ranks feel my excess aura.”
“Who said I’m lower rank?”
“I don’t feel your aura.”
“Because in my pack, we learn at a very young age how to keep it in.”
He reeled back. “Why?”
“Because the higher ranked wolves don’t want the lower ranks to feel any discomfort just living their lives.”
Caleb reeled back so hard he nearly toppled out of his chair, “Seriously?”
“Yeah.” I scoffed. “Why wouldn’t you want all your pack to be comfortable?”
Caleb straightened in the chair. “I never thought of it like that. Our alpha always said to keep our power under wraps, but if our aura leaks out, so be it.”
I shrugged. “Every pack is different. We all have our own way of doing things.”
Caleb opened his mouth to say something, but the door at the front of the room opened and an older man walked
1/2
Chapter 133
+25 BONUS
in. He walked to the whiteboard and grabbed a marker. “Good morning class, welcome to math one ten.” He wrote his name on the board. “My name is Gamma Charles. I’m from the Aurora pack from Alaska.” He turned to face us in the room and he walked to lean against his desk. “Obviously, this is a math class. Why are you in math? Who knows, but it helps with computers.” He laughed at his ow joke. “Let’s go around the room and introduce ourselves. I want your rank, your pack, and name.”
The room was silent until he pointed to a man in the front looked around the room and realized I was the only woman in this class. The first man opened his mouth, but the Gamma touched his lips and curled his fingers, making him stand up. He huffed out a sigh. “Gamma Cedric Stonewall pack.” He sat back down and then the next
man went.
Over and over, we went around the room until Caleb stood. He tried to hold in his smirk as he turned to the teacher. “Beta Caleb. Cornwall pack.” He sat down and turned expectantly to me. 
Gamma Charles widened his eyes a little as his gaze settled on me. “This is a surprise.”
“What is?” I took a sip of my coffee.
“You. We don’t have many females in this course.” I raised one shoulder as I stood. Everyone turned to stare at me. I cleared my throat, but Charles just smiled. “I ask for ranks, but they don’t matter here. We are all just here to learn.” I nodded.
“I’m Amy. And my pack changes. My father’s pack is the Silvermoon pack and my mother settled in the Oakenfang.” I smiled and went to sit.
“Rank?” Caleb asked. “I mean, if you have one.”
“It’s okay.” Charles waves his hand, dismissing me. But that kind of irked me, and Nix bristled.
“Sorry.” I smiled. “I’m an Alpha.” I dropped into my seat as the rest of the room froze.
###Next D 134
Chapter 134
Chapter 134
“No fucking way.” One guy called out. I hid my smile behind my coffee cup.
Gamma Charles pushed up from the desk. “Amy, while I can understand that, what I said might have appeared dismissive. But lying about rank is prohibited here.”
“I understand Gamma Charles.” I placed my cup down and leaned back in my seat. Caleb, the poor man, was floundering. His mouth was opening and shutting without sound.
“So, what is your actual rank?” An unranked man, Adrian, belleved, asked me.
I just raised my eyebrows and purse my lips. “Alpha.”
“You have got to be shitting me.” Another man called out. are betas, or gammas that mated an alpha and rank up. But
Alpha females are rare. Like super rare. Most Luna’s
natural female alpha is basically unheard of.”
“Now, now.” The gamma raised his hands. “Amy, I have to urge you to reconsider your answer. If you continue to push that t you are an alpha, then I will either have to command you to tell the truth or call the dean.”
“Okay.” I just nodded. “Either works for me.”
“Listen here, bitch.” One gamma stood on to his feet and rushed over to where I was sitting. “You are making a mockery of this class by fucking lying to us,” He snarled as he leaned down into my face. “We all went through our rank as requested. Why are you fucking lying?
I just stared
up at him. “I’m not.” My answer was devoid of the previous warmth. That went out the window when he called me a bitch. 1
Nix and Megan bristled at the term. He was equating us to the like of a female dog, and we were wolves. He grabbed my arm and squeezed. “Tell us your fucking rank, or I will make you.”
“How?” My voice dropped low.
He reeled back, almost letting me go. “How?”
“Yes.” I slowly stood. “How are you going to make me tell you my rank?” I bared my teeth, my last attempt at being nice.
Anger flashed in his eyes as they shifted, and I felt his weak aura lap at my toes. “Tell me your rank, mutt.” I could see the unranked wolves around the room start to show their bellies.
“If I were you gamma, I’d learn to better focus my aura, so that you don’t affect the lower ranked wolves in here as you try to command me to do something.” He took a step back, dropping my arm and retreating
“You don’t feel his command?” One of the unranked men asked softly.
“I do.” I stared the man down. “It’s like a soft little tickle on my toes.” I took a step as he stumbled away. “But I will tell you the same thing I told a girl earlier. If you touch me again without my permission, I’ll kill you.” I let my eyes flash and fangs descend. Losing a slight grip on my control.
Gamma Charles walked over to me. “That’s enough, young lady.” I felt his command wash over me like a gentle river on my calves. “Sit down while I call the dean.” He turned and walked back to his desk, but I wasn’t done.
“Or what?” I put my fist under my chin as he whirled on me
“My command…”
“As gentle as a babbling brook.” I smiled with my fangs and the unranked wolves turned away. Caleb got to his
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 134
feet, determination and arrogance on his face. I slowly turned to face him and tsked. “And here I thought we were going to be friends, Caleb.”
“Oh, we still can be.” He smiled at me. “Or more.” He waggled his eyebrows at me and cracked open his power. Now be a good girl and sit.”
I gagged and leaned my face on my hand. “No, thank you.” is brows furrowed as I spun in a circle. “I think I’d rather stand.” I turned back to Charles. “Now that I have withstood everyone’s command here, can we just get back to class? We are here to learn math, are we not?”
“I said sit.” Caleb’s power pushed harder on my body, but it was still so weak.
I turned to face him and growled. “I said no.” I watched as everyone else in the room slowly sank into their chairs, his command becoming too strong for anyone else in the room to withstand.
“I think that’s enough.” Gamma Charles called out, but Caleb, well, his ego was hurt. “Caleb, stop.” He called out as the unranked wolves hit the ground, laying flat. His command was started to hurt the less powerful wolves and there were a few whimpers. But still he pushed his power.
If you don’t step in, he will hurt them. Nix called out.
“Caleb, please.” All the gammas had hit the ground.
“Enough.” I slammed my power out, dropping Caleb to the ground.
###Next D 135
Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Pinterest
Chapter 135 
+25 BONUS
I looked over the room and every one of these men on their bellies. “What the fuck?” I heard a whisper, but I growled. These fucking men pushed me to the point of losing my control. Now they had to deal with the repercussions.
“Alpha Amy…” Gamma Charles started, but I turned on him and stomped to the front. I wasn’t even using all of my power. And I was making sure they weren’t in any pain but I was almost past caring.
“Gamma Charles, I’m going to need you to be quiet for a mute. Please and thank you.” I pulled back my power enough that everyone could sit back on their heels. “Now.” turned to face the class like I was the teacher. I leaned against the table and clenched my fists. “I was trying to be rice. But you pushed it too far.”
One guy stammered out an apology. “Please forgive us.”
But I just shook my head. “We are past that now, Greg.” I finally turned to Caleb, who was glaring at me. “Have something to say, Caleb?”
“No.” He bit out. I could see his ego was hurt. I was trying to avoid this, but could they let it go? No, their reckoning.
Now it was
I felt Nix step closer to the surface, eyes shifting. “No, what?” Caleb tried to fight my power. He tried his best to hold it back, but I just looked at my nails. “You know what? really wanted to avoid this, but I should have figured I would have to do this.”
“Do what?” Gamma Charles hesitantly asked, and I cut my yes to his.
“What happens when an alpha comes into a new pack, Charles?”
He furrowed his brows. “Nothing…”
I turned to face the rest of the class. “Does anyone know what an alpha wolf does when he encounters a new pack that he wishes to integrate into?”
The smallest guy there, a weak wolf named Steven, called out. “They fight.”
“Right.” I spun towards the board. “A natural wolf will establish their dominance by attacking the standing alpha. In our structure, they will either fight, try to command the other, or just release all of their power and see if anyone can withstand it.” I turned back to face everyone. “Like what you all tried to do with me?”
“I’m sorry.” Gamma Charles started. “I just didn’t think you were an alpha.”
They insulted us. Nix snarled.
“And I would normally let this go, but I just started shifting and my wolf is nearly rabid with it. Keeping her at bay is a full–time job and if you would have just took our word, we would have forgiven the insult.” I opened my hands and raised my brows. “But you hammered home that you think is weak. That you were better than us. In my father’s pack, the ranked wolves treat everyone with respect. But none of you showed your unranked members in this class with anything but thinly veiled contempt. Fuck,” pointed at Steven. “When he got up, some of you snickered. One even threw a piece of paper at him and you did nothing, Charles. Why is that?”
“You think you are better than us?” Caleb’s voice was cold, ow, calculating.
“Did I tell you to speak, Caleb?” I snarled at him. I watched as the color drained out of his face à little.
What?”
“I said. Did. I. Tell. You. To. Speak?” I spoke, taking a step closer to him with each word.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 135
–
“I just “I crouched in front of him and placed my finger on his lips to shut him up.
“That’s it. You shouldn’t.” If looks could kill, I would have been dead right there. But I stood. “I’m going to do this once. And then we are going to go back to learning mall.”
“Do what?”
I turned back to Caleb. But I shook my head. I raised my volge so that everyone would hear me. “If any of you push me to this point again, I won’t use my power to hammer the point home. Next time, I’ll use my fists. Is that understood?”
I heard someone scoff and lean towards another. “Is she joking?”
Before the other could respond, I release all of my power. Every drop of aura was freed, dropping everyone back onto their stomachs, with their faces pressed into the ground. “Is that understood?” I called out and commanded answers without another word. 1
A chorus of yeses went out and I released them, tucking my aura away, until there was nothing left. The guys slowly gof to their shaky feet and I watched a pale Caleb stand and grab his stuff, moving away from me.
I guess he didn’t want to be friends after all.
###Next D 136
Chapter 136
+25 BONUS
“May I speak with you Alpha Amy?” The class just ended, and I was struggling to hold on to Nix. She wanted to shift, and holding her back was almost impossible. I turned to Gamma Charles and sighed.
“Of course.” I made my way to his desk as the rest of the men filed out of the room. Once I tucked my power away, Charles did his best to refocus the class and start on the material, but you could feel everyone was on edge.
“I’m sorry.” He started, but I raised a hand, stopping him.
“I am not foolish enough to believe that it was intentional, assume in your teaching career you have had quite a few individuals who had tried to pretend to be a rank they weren’t. I also understand the female alphas are very rare. I don’t take it to heart.”
I watched as he breathed in a sigh of relief. “I am still sorry, I know I put you in an awkward position today, and probably for the rest of the semester. But I will go to the rest of your teachers and let them know so you don’t have to do this kind of display in every class.” 
I perked up at that. “Thank you. I would appreciate that very much.” I rolled my shoulders.
“I mean, I have to be honest with you here Alpha-”
“Just call me Amy, please.” I smiled.
Charles nodded. “We don’t have a lot of females in this degree. And in the twenty years I have been teaching it, in! all the schools I have traveled to, none were alphas.”
1 froze. “What?”
“I’ve never had an alpha take this course. And I’ve only had a handful of females in all the years I have been teaching this course. So you are really surprising‘
I nodded and shrugged. “My father said this would be a good course to take to help support a pack. You learn security systems for your pack, innovative systems to improve your tech, and you can make money from humans.
Charles slammed a hand down on the desk. “Exactly. And with the way the world is going, tech is becoming more and more prevalent.” Charles became more animated the lenger he talked. “Most alphas disregard everything you just said. So I’m more surprised and feel like I should apologize even more.”
Nix growled her frustration. I need to run. Now.
I had to stop the shift. Fur rippled down my arms and Charles stumbled back a step. “No need to apologize. But I have to go. My wolf is antsy from earlier and needs to run.”
Charles nodded. “I understand.” He gestured to the door, and we walked there side by side. He pointed left down the hallway. “Head left, straight out the last door. You will find a walkway that leads past the soccer fields. There is a forest past the edge of the last field you can run in.”
Nix pushed harder, and I stumbled a step. I squeezed out a Breath. “Thank you.” Then I turned and ran. Nix kept pushing, but I held her back. “Let me get outside, at least.” She growled, and I ran faster. As soon as I hit the door outside, Nix forced my shift and we were sprinting down the pathway,
A few people screamed and jumped out of the way. I knew having a huge black wolf sprinting full speed towards you can be a little intimidating. I chuckled as Nix sped up. She was nearly panting as she hit the dark shadows of the forest.
She ran for at least an hour, feeling the wind in her fur and dirt beneath her feet grounded her in ways I didn’t know she needed. She was finally settling in when we heard a snap of a twig. We skidded to a stop and whirled as a
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 136
dark grey wolf with striking white eyes stepped into the clearing. I stumbled back over myself in my mind, just seeing the sheer size of this wolf. I had never seen a wolf as big as mine, but he was at least double my size.
“Who are you?” His deep voice sent ripples down my skin. Nix’s für twitched and her hackles raised and then flattened.
“Who are you?” We asked. I pushed closer to the surface and our voices combined. “Are you a student here?”
The grey wolf laughed. “I’m no student.”
“Are you a professor?” Nix settled on her haunches.
“You could say that.” The grey wolf prowled closer. “Who are you?” He repeated his question.
Nix shook and tilted her head. “Who are you?“.
The grey wolf tossed his head back and chuffed out a laugh He turned his eyes back on us and Nix, the minx, took
off.
What are you doing? I called to her.
“Seeing if he is worthy of knowing my name.” She tossed back and sprinted through the trees, the male sending out a howl and taking off after us.
###Next D 137
Chapter 137
She called back, taunting the glant male, and I just groaned
Nix, why are you doing this?
“Because if he wants my name, he has to prove he’s worthy of it.” She chuffed out a laugh. “Any man that wants anything from me from now on has to work for it.” Thoughts of everything from my previous life flashed through my mind. Nix was right. I gave everything to Brandon, forgave everything, and he killed me and our baby.
You’re right.
Nix huffed another laugh. “I know.” We were distracted and the grey wolf dove out of the bushes for us. Nix rolled out of the way and was back up on her feet, sprinting away she looked back and howled before rushing down the banks of a small river. She splashed across the water and was up over the other bank.
She rushed through a lot of underbrush before diving under the roots of a tree. She huddled there, waiting.
What are you doing?
I’m waiting to see if this male is smart. If he is, he will find me. If not, he isn’t worth my time. 1
Why?
Because any male, any wolf that is worth it, would be able to find me.
There was a soft shift of grass and Nix hunches down. She barely breathed and her ears were swiveling left and right. She drew in a deep breath, and no scent hit our nose. She narrowed her eyes. Something was off and she couldn’t figure it out.
What is it?
He’s close. Her words were whispered in our mind. She was almost afraid he would hear our conversation in our mind.
How close? My voice dropped low, just in case.
“Little rabbit.” His deep voice sounded above us. “Come out and play.” We froze. There is no way. How could he know we were here? “If you want, I can come drag you out? He chuffed out a laugh. “I think I’d enjoy that one little rabbit.”
Nix took off out of the roots. She dove right and rolled under a bush, but the grey wolf jumped on us. “How did you know?” She panted out a laugh as she looked up at the giant wolf.
He stared down at her with bright eyes. “You are good. I’m just better.” He crouched lower and sniffed around our neck. “You smell wrong.”
We stilled under him. “What do you mean?”
“I think you would know better than I do. You know why you smell wrong” His eyes narrowed. “Who are you?”
“My name is Nix.” She tried to get up, but he let out a tiny growl. “Who are you?”
“Who is your human?”
Nix turned her head. “What’s your name?”
“Erubus.” He moved back and sat on his haunches. “My human called me Ru.” He tilted his head as we got to our feet. “Now, who is your human?”
1/2 
Chapter 137
+25 BONUS
Nix shook her head. “I can’t tell you that yet.” Nix got to her feet and walked backwards.
Nix looked to the sky, and I realized how much darker it was. Fuck, we were cutting it close. Nix, we have to go. We have to eat before class. And this is the class with the surprise teacher.
“Why can’t you tell me?” Erubus stepped closer.
“Because,” Her voice was playful. “You have to earn It.”
Erubus stood and prowled around me. “And how do I do that?” He rubbed his length down our side, scenting us and layering his scent on us. He nipped at our ear as he circled around the other side of us.
“I don’t know yet.” She bumped into him as she headed back to the school.
“When will you know?” He huffed out.
“Might be soon, might not.”
Erubus threw back his head and laughed. “You are different”
“Of course. I’m one of a kind.” She flicked our tail in his face. “You just have to figure out if I’m worth the hassle.‘
“Oh, that’s all?” He chuckled. He caught up to me and we walked side by side. “I think that is probably the easiest decision we have ever made.”
“Oh?” Nix looked at him.
“Oh, yeah.” Erubus bumped our shoulder back. “You are the first female that hasn’t thrown herself at me. It’s refreshing.‘
“Females throw themselves at you?” I wasn’t sure why, but that statement bothered both of us. “A lot?”
He just nodded and we growled. “Are you jealous?” His voice turned amused.
“I don’t know you enough to be jealous.” Nix tossed out. Bet the truth was, we were jealous.
Why are we jealous? I looked at Megan, and she almost shrugged.
Have you scented him?
Nix took a deep breath and smelled nothing.
“Sure Rabbit.” He waggled his eyebrows, which was weird on a wolf. (1)
“Why don’t I smell you?”
###Next D 138
Chapter 138
Chapter 138
He stumbled over his feet. “What?” He gave me a side look
“You act like I shouldn’t have noticed. We are wolves. We live through our nose,” Nix scoffed.
“You are right, but no one has ever asked me directly.”
“Why not?” We stopped and looked at him. “Why has no one ever questioned why a wolf has no scent?”
He sat down and looked at me. “Probably because of my rank, or my size.”
“What’s your rank?”
He tilted his head. “I’m an alpha.” 
I nodded. “Alphas don’t scare me.‘
“I see
that.” He huffed out a laugh. “But most people are. The sane ones, at least.”
“Are you saying that I’m not sane?”
His eyes widened a bit. “I didn’t mean it like that.” He started, but we just laughed.
“Sure.” Nix looked up to the sky. “I have to go.”
“Why?” He stepped in front of us, but we just walked around him.
“I have to get back to class. I ran out of my last class rather quickly.” We started running, and Erubus ran after us.
It turned into a game. We ran together, nipping and diving for each other. He tackled me to the ground, rolling over each other as we tumbled. “When can I see you again?” His voice was deep, but slightly hopeful.
“Are you from around here?” It was Nix’s turn to be slightly hopeful.
Erubus shook his head. “No, but I’m in the area every Monday and Friday.”
“Then I guess you might see me one of those days.”
“Might?”
“I can’t say yes or no. Not when we don’t know who the other is.” Nix brushed herself along his length and then. turned and ran.
She heard his footsteps behind her, but we ran straight into the school through an open door and made our way to the bathroom. We pushed in to the door and when there was a small scream we shifted. “Sorry.” I raised my hands. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
A small Asian girl with a sweet smile and a cute bob laughed. “It’s okay. I wasn’t expecting it is all.” She dried her hands on a paper towel. “You are the size of a male wolf, and I thought that’s what you were, a male coming in here.” She shook her head.
“Oh yeah. Sorry.” I walked to the sink and fixed my hair.
“No worries.” She tossed back. “You are gorgeous, by the way.”
“Thank you.
“Hanna.” She stuck out her hand, and I shook it.
“Amy.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 138
“Nice to meet you.”
“You too.” I smiled. “Do you know the time?”
“It’s six.”
“Fuck. Gotta run.” I ran out of the bathroom and back to the math room. Thankfully, it was still unlocked. I grabbed my stuff and headed to the caff. I grabbed a tray of food and sat at the nearest table. I scarfed down my dinner and grabbed a bottle of water before I licaded to the next class.
I slid into a desk in the back and popped a piece if gum. I pulled my phone out of my bag and checked my missed messages from my mom and Cass. Then I scrolled a few minutes on social media and waited for the others to head in.
“Do you know who the teacher is?” Two guys walked in and sat in the front
“No, I haven’t heard a peep about who it is.” They both turned and looked at me. They were two of from my math class. They both swallowed loudly and gave a tiny wave. I smiled and waved back.
The rest of the class entered and half were from my earlier class and they kept their distance. The others were new and sat around, with a few males coming to sit very close to me.
I ignored the looks and turned back to my phone. A few people whispered, but I pulled out my computer and plugged it into the wall. Thankfully, there were outlets everywhere.
The room grew silent. I looked up from my computer to find a giant at the front of the room, writing something on the whiteboard. I looked around but everyone was solely focused at the front.
I closed my laptop and leaned in. I wanted to see who this was. The man straightened his back and I was surprised by the colour of his hair. The sides were shaved down, but the crown was a tarnished silver tossed in a topknot. Nix and Megan stood up in my mind and walked closer to the surface of my mind. Even they were interested in whoever this man was.
A deep voice that was slightly familiar rang out. “Welcome to Coding one oh one. This class will cover coding languages, building systems, and my personal favourite, it was lay the groundwork for security systems.” He turned to face us and I felt my stomach drop. He was gorgeous. He was the hottest guy I had ever seen. “My name is Alpha Rowan.” Alpha Rowen… my mouth dropped open as his eyes met mine.
King Alpha Rowen.
###Next D 139
Chapter 139
He stared at me as he smirked. “I can only assume some of you have put it together. Yes, I am that Rowan. And yes, I am the king. But no, you don’t have to call me King. would honestly prefer if you didn’t. In class, anyways,” He winked and turned to his computer. He turned on the projector, linked it and then turned back to us while everything finished starting up. “But there is one thing I have to do.” He released his aura, and it slammed into us. It was the first time I actually felt someone’s power enough that I had to fight to stay standing. He watched everyone drop to their knees, except me. I stood a fraction of a second too long. His eyes widened, and he pushed more power at me. I just winked back and got to my knees to keep up appearances. He gave a tiny nod in appreciation and walked the front of the classroom. “Since am here for this class only. I do not want it to be known that I am here. For one thing, I do not want females throwing themselves at me, and second, I do this as my hobby. I enjoy it and it helps me connect with my people” He opened his hands. “So I hope you all will understand why this is necessary. I forbid you from speaking of who I am to anyone else other. Everyone in this programs knows but can’t speak my name and you will be the same. Anything said in here stays in here. So we speak honestly here. Is that understood?”
“Yes.” We all chorused. All but me under his official command. I was just confused. He was the king. Why was his authority, his power, not effecting me? I shook it off and booted up my computer.
“Lets introduce ourselves and our ranks,” Rowan started. I’ll start. I’m Alpha King Rowen from the Royal Lycan pack.” He looked around and then pointed to the next person. “Go.” And just like the last class, we went around the room until I was last. Rowan raised an eyebrow and flicked a finger at me, telling me to stand.
“I’m Alpha Amy. My father’s pack is Silvermoon and my mother’s is Oakenfang. So, depending on who I’m with, that’s my pack.” Rowan smiled.
“Amy, in the flesh. Who would have guessed we would meet this way?” He walked closer to me. “Were you able to do what you asked for?”
“Yes, I could glean the information I needed from the traitor.” I smiled as I sat down. “Thank you for giving me permission to torture her.” My grin got wider when I heard the terrified whispers of the room.
His smile dropped when he heard something he didn’t like. He turned to face the guys that were whispering, staring at me. I just shook my head when I caught a few words. “I can only assume you three are unranked?” His deep voice was tight.
“Yes.” Two of the three answered.
“I’m a gamma.” One spoke up.
He walked closer to them and stared them down. “Then you should know better than to speak about an alpha- protecting her pack” He knocked on the gamma’s desk. “Are you in line for first or second gamina?” The gamma leaned back. “First gamma, why?”
I shook my head in frustration and leaned in. “Because your job, your position, will have responsibilities that come with it. As head warrior, second gamma, train your men on how to protect your pack at any cost. That includes torture. First gamma, your job is to protect the luna, in all ways. What happens if she is stolen, and you have a suspect? What are you going to do? Have a nice little chat with him and hope he gives you the information.”
“No, of course not.” He laughed.
“Then maybe…just maybe, think about why I did what I did and not that I did it. Torture is a tool that ranked wolves may have to wield to protect the lower ranked wolves in their pack. And it isn’t something we choose to do on a whim.” The three wolves refused to m
my eyes. “Do you think we do things like that for our amusement?”
“Well, no.” The gamma shook his head.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 139
“Then why would you call her sadistic?” Rowan asked. “I want you all to consider this. She is a young alpha. One that isn’t in a technical power structure. She was scared, and looking to protect her father. Yet instead of acting out, which no one would have blamed her for, she called the council. She asked permission. She followed the protocol that was in place so that Alpha’s do not abuse thelt power. And she waited to use any amount of force until she was given permission to save her father.” He shook his head. “She is the epitome of an excellent alpha, and you all disgraced her. Yet she did nothing to you.”
###Next D 140
Chapter 140
Rowan shook his head and made lils way to the back of the class. “This isn’t my typ first class, but I feel like we have certain things that we should go over.” He slid on to his desk. “We as wolves have a hierarchy for a very simple reason. The strong protects the weak. The high rank you have, the more people you have to worry about.” He wiped his face.
“Alphas have to know that there are better ways to get information, though.” A man named Steven chimed in.
I snorted. “Okay. Tell me how you would have done it.!
“What?” Steven turned to face me.
“You said we have to know there are better ways. How would you have done it then? The alpha was in danger. We didn’t know how deep the betrayal went. Within a day, we had a rogue attack that was organized, that multiple rogues were working together like they were in a pack. Without the information I could gather, my father would have been dead, the pack over run and demoralized. As the attack targeted women and children. So what would you have done in my shoes?”
“I would have done some investigation.” He tossed out.
“I did. That’s how I figured out who I needed to interrogate, But sure, you investigate and you get very little information. Only that you know a specific she–wolf is influencing the alpha.”
“Influencing how?” He turned fully to me.
“Making him fall in love with her.”
“So why is that bad?” He laughed. 1
“The alpha already has a mate.” The room broke out in murmurs.
“You are saying that a she–wolf somehow is interfering with a goddess blessed mate bond.”
“That’s correct. We knew she was doing something, we just couldn’t put our finger on it. It was so bad that the alpha attacked his pup and fought with his own wolf.” I leaned over and propped my face up with my hand. “So your father attacks you, almost kills you. He is acting erratic. The pack is at risk, and you have a suspect, but no answers. What do you do?”
“Talk to her family.”
“They know nothing or have been compelled to not speak. If you are strong enough, you can break the command.”
Rowan shook his head. “Depending on the strength of the command and the rank of the wolf, if you shatter a command, you could shatter their mind as well.” I nodded.
I pointed to Rowan. “He’s right. It’s risky. What’s your next move?”
“I don’t know.” He answered, a little flustered.
“Common Steve. Your pack is in danger. There are over a hundred or more people counting on you to figure this out and save not only the pack, but your own father. The backbone of any pack is a powerful alpha. What is your next move?” 2
“I don’t know.” He looked around for support, but no one was looking at him.
“Say you didn’t figure out your next move, and the next day during the attack you lost all the pups, and a few mates. How would you feel?”
7/2
Chapter 1:40
+25 BONUS 
“Bad”
M 
“Everyone would blame you, Steve. You could have prevented it all. How mates? How would you justify it all?”
would you tell their families? Their
Steve looked at Rowan, but the king had a flat look on his face. “I don’t know, okay!” He screamed.
I sat back in my chair. “None of us know, Steve. That’s the truth. But these are the situations that Alpha’s have to face. We weigh our dignity, our morals, our very soul against the odds and we make a choice.” I wiped my face. “I didn’t enjoy scaring the she–wolf. I didn’t enjoy hurting her. But by doing so, I could save my father. And the next day he was on my side when we were attacked. I almost died saving a family. I fought off three wolves to give two children enough time to run away, knowing I would not make it out of there.”
“That’s your job.” He snorted.
“You are right. It’s my job to protect the weak. To support the pack. To save children, and women, and men like you who sit back and judge me because they don’t have to make the hard decisions. You get to sit here and come to class and decide that I’m a monster because I tortured a woman. When in reality I already weighed the choice. I became a monster, so that four little kids get to wake up and be loved by their parents. I sacrificed my soul to protect my father, my pack, and those kids. And the truth of it, Steve. I would do it again in a heartbeat.” Rowan nodded once.
“We have all made decisions that would ruin ourselves to save others.” Rowan stood and walked around his desk. ” Now, let’s talk python.” He clicked on the screen and started his lecture..
###Next D 141
Chapter 141
+25 BONUS
1 shut my computer and packed it away. Everyone else was doing the same. “Amy, can you hang back a minute?” Rowan called and I wanted to groan, but I just nodded and stayed in my seat.
Everyone walked by me, and a few stopped by the side of my desk. “Amy?”
I looked up and met the gamma from the beginning of the class, Steve. “Yeah?”
“We just wanted to apologize for earlier today.”
I was shocked. “What?”
Steve just laughed. “We aren’t stupid enough to not realize that we spoke without knowing the full story. We judged you without knowing what you had to go through, of the decisions you had to make. I’m sorry for jumping to conclusions and calling you those names.”
The other two nodded, “We are sorry, too. We don’t honestly know what going into running a pack, but we know our alpha keeps us as safe as possible. And probably had to make some of the same decisions you have had to make, and we wouldn’t want anyone judging him.” 1
I sat back and stuck out my hand. “I appreciate it.” They shook my hand and left, and I turned to find Rowan watching me with a look I couldn’t place.
He looked at a seat in front of his desk. “Come join me down here so I don’t have to yell ”
“Sure.” I gathered my stuff and walked down the stairs to the front of the room.
“I wanted to apologize for opening my mouth. I shouldn’t have put your business out in the open. I should have realized that most of these wolves are lower or unranked wolves and they wouldn’t understand what it takes to protect a pack.”
“It’s honestly okay.”
“But now that we are alone, how did everything go?”
“I thought you were going to visit my father and his pack. sat down. “I figured he would have given you all the details.”
Rowan nodded. “I was going to. But then your father took off the day I was going to show up, and things came up on my end, so I skipped it.” He wiped his face. “I didn’t realize you took this course.”

“When we spoke, I hadn’t decided what course I was taking yet. This kind of landed in my lap.” I smiled, staying a little ambiguous.
He got this look in his eyes; he was a very smart man. “Your father helped you pick the course?”
“Yeah.” I smiled and winked. “He said it was a good way to make money from the humans and learn how to build my own security system for what ever pack I land in.”
Rowan tilted his head. “Whatever pack you land in? Have you not found your mate yet?”
I sucked in a breath. I didn’t want to lie to this man. But I didn’t trust where we were. “No. But it’s complicated already.”
“What do you mean?”
“Alpha Vince’s son, Brandon, was certain I was his mate. When I came back and he turned out to be wrong…” I trialed off and bobbed my head back and forth.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 141
“He didn’t take it well?”
“Let’s just say he doesn’t think he’s wrong still.” I chuckled.
“So, back at your father’s pack?” He urged, but I looked around the room and grimaced. He looked around, and I watched understanding hit his face. He ripped a paper out of his book and started writing.
‘Everything was handled.” I smiled.
“It’s okay. I’ll get the story from your father.” He handed me the paper, and I sat back down. “So, what are your goals for this semester?”
I laughed as I opened the note. My eyes widened when I read, ‘Call me tonight. We can discuss everything after
I you seal your room.‘ I met his eyes, and he nodded. I just nodded back.
“I want to do everything I can. I want to make enough money to cover my expenses for next semester. So I need to start now,”
“Expenses?”
“Yeah.”
“How much are your expenses?” He furrowed his brow as wrote my own note on his paper.
“About four million.” He was taking a drink from his water bottle and choked.
“What, why?”
I scratched the back of my head. “I paid for every student to have ten grand on their food card. I don’t think it’s fair that any student would have to take time out of their day to work to pay for their meals. They should be automatic.” I met his eyes. “I knew my dad could help for this semester, but I don’t want to depend on him going forward,”
“You paid for every student to have ten grand on their food card?” I just nodded. “But they have a basic food plan included in their tuition.”
“It was removed about ten years ago.
“WHAT?”
###Next D 142
Chapter 142
Chapter 142
I jolted back, and he raised his hands. “Sorry. What did you say?”
“The included basic food plan was removed ten years ago.” said it again. “Why are you confused? You work here.”
“I don’t, actually. I volunteer here. Like I said, this is my hobby, and I enjoy this kind of thing. And it’s not like I have a pack or anyone other than the council to worry about” He tossed out the words so carelessly, and I winced. “Does it bother you?” I asked, but he brushed me off.
“I’m not privy to the interworkings of the school, so I did know.” His eyes flashed, like his wolf was fighting for control. But I couldn’t make out the colour before it was gone. His human eyes were a stormy gray, and I felt my lower body clench. Nix was panting in my mind, and Megan, my sweet girl, was sitting back and watching the show,
You two are foolish. Her words were quiet, but there was a tiny bite to them. That cooled my thoughts of the king Megan lost her mate before she could enjoy the feelings, and that fact slapped me with a bucket of cold water.
I’m sorry Megan. Nix’s voice was subdued. I don’t know what is happening. He is affecting me.
Is he your mate? Her words were soft, almost hopeful.
I don’t think so. I can’t smell him.
“Amy?” I jolted back and shook my head a little.
“Sorry I was talking to my wolf.” I stood. “Was there anything else, sir?”
His hands tightened in to fists and he closed his eyes. “No.” He growled out. The food plan thing must have really pissed him off. 1
“Okay.” I walked to the desk and dropped off my note back to him and turned to leave while he read it. ‘I have two, phones. My personal one that I use in everyday life, and another my father gave me that won’t be traced. Knock once for the personal phone and twice for the untraceable one for our phone call. I was almost at the door when I heard two knocks.
“Have a good night Amy.”
“You too Rowan.” I left the classroom and shut the door behind me. I had barely made it down the hallway when I heard a scoff from behind, and I turned to see a group of three girls standing a few feet away. “Yes?”
“You stayed late after class with Professor R.” The redhead walked over to me and glared. “Why?“”
I stepped back a step, so I wasn’t breathing her air and raised my eyebrow. “I don’t think that is any of your business. I don’t even know you.”
“My name is Nina.”
“Okay, I still don’t know what that has to do with me?” I turned to leave, and she grabbed me.
“I’m Alpha Nina from the Blackfang.”
Nix was sprinting to the surface before I could think of a solution. Her words fell from my mouth as my fangs descended. “If I were you, I would remove your hand from my arm before I rip it off.” My voice dropped low and my eyes flashed.
She smirked. Her eyes flashed a soft blue as her fangs descended. “No, I don’t think I will. I don’t know who you
+25 BONUS
Chapter 142
are, 
but stay away with him.” She released her aura, and it slammed into me. She was strong, but not nearly strong enough. “Do you understand? You will stay away from Professor R. He is mine.”
My eyes met a pair over their shoulders, and I just smirked. ‘He’s your mate?”
“He will be.” She squeezed her fingers around my arm and growled. “So stay away.”
“He’s my teacher.” I looked at her with my golden eyes, Ni’s voice combining with my own. “How do you expect me to stay away from him?”
“I command you to switch your classes.” Her order washed over me and I couldn’t stop the laugh.
“I don’t think so.” I pulled her hand from around my arm, noting the bruise. I squeezed her hand in mine and she buckled to her knees. She screamed and the other two girls took a step, but I was quicker. My aura slammed out, and they dropped to their knees. “I don’t care that you are an Alpha. I don’t care who you think is going to be your mate, as that is designed by the goddess herself. What I do care about is that you tried to force me to change my class,” I leaned down and got right in her face. “But jokes on you, because you are a weak alpha.” I tossed her to the ground. “Leave me alone.” I turned to flash a smile at Rowan standing behind the three. “Take it up with him if you want him to be your mate.” The three whirled to face an angry king, and I left to grab food.
###Next D 143
Chapter 143
I walked into the main cafeteria that doubled as a store and grabbed a basket. I took my time going through the store first. The mini fridge I brought should be down to temperature and needed to be stocked. I grabbed an array of drinks, water, sodas, chocolate milk. Then I moved on to snacks. I had already decided to turn the top shelf of my desk into a small pantry for shelf snacks. I grabbed crackers, chips, sweet cakes, and a few apples and bananas..
I moved onto the cafeteria portion for food. I saw something that caught my eye and I rushed over. They had small refrigerated dinner boxes. Sushi and teriyaki chicken that looks absolutely delicious. I grabbed a few boxes. Some for tomorrow and a few for dinner tonight. I was starving. Shifting takes a lot of calories to do, and Nix is on edge. Protein would help with that. Once I was full, I headed to the cashier.
I stood behind a few people and zoned out until something caught my car. “I can’t believe you gave thousand dollars.”
us ten
“We you are my friends. I couldn’t allow you to be broke like last year.” A soft chuckle sounded, and everyone joined in.
“Nina, you have always been so amazing and doing this for us is just amazing.” I couldn’t stop it. I snorted. Nina again. She had a real problem claiming things that didn’t belong to her.
The girls all turned and faced me, and I just smile and waved. I watch Nina scowl at me and the others just looked confused. “Who is that?” One whispered.
“And why did she laugh?” Another asked.
One of the original girls I saw widened her eyes and leaned in. “That is the girl that Professor R told us to stay away from.”
?
The others turned and looked at Nina, who was still scowling “What’s funny?” She crossed her arms and glared at
me. 
I just shook my head. “Nothing.” I didn’t give everyone the money to be liked. I did it so that people would have food, which is something everyone deserved.
“No, tell me. I gave my friends money on their food card, and you laughed.” Nina strutted closer to me. “So what is funny?”
“You. You gave them money?” I tilted my head. “You don’t seem to be the type of person who gives money away for no reason.” I turned to the girls. “How much money did you have on your card before you started the semester?”
The t
tiny, pixie looking blonde pointed at herself. “I had nothing. Last year I worked at The Howl to feed myself.”
I turned back to Nina, who was still glaring, but her eyes held a little fear. “And now, how much do you have?”
“Mrs. Sandlewood gave me a card yesterday and told me an anonymous donor had gifted me ten thousand dollars for the semester. I was so excited I told everyone here.”
“And Nina told you she was the anonymous donor?”
She nodded and looked at Nina “You said you gifted everyone.” She turned back to me. “There were a few of us that got the money. Why?”
I turned to Nina. “You must be from a rich pack. How much did you fork over?”
She tilted her chin. “Why are you asking? Are you jealous?
I laughed. “No. I’m not jealous. Just confused.” I turned back to the girl. “Did you ask Mrs. Sandlewood if Nina
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 143
here was the donor?” She shook her head no.
“I don’t think she will tell me who was.”
I nodded. “Smart, she probably wouldn’t. But maybe she would tell you if Nina was the donor. Or, here is a thought. Nina said she donated just your friends the money, Ask Mrs. Sandlewood how much was donated.”
“She wouldn’t tell us,” Nina shot back.
1 lifted a shoulder. “Maybe not. But why are you so worried about your friends asking?”
Nina bit her lip and then rallies. She glared at me and stepped closer. “You think that just because Professor R told us to leave you alone that you can make me look a fool? But you’re wrong.” She pointed at all of her friends. “I gifted my friends‘ money, and you can’t come in here and convince them I‘, m lying
and
Her friends furrowed their brows at her words. She said something that wasn’t sitting well. I covered my mouth and just shook my head. This girl isn’t the smartest in the bunch. I raised my hands. “Goddess forbid I give them any information that makes you look bad. All I was saying was before they go out of their way thanking you, feeling like they owe you. Maybe, just maybe, they check the facts. The anonymous donor wanted to be anonymous for a reason. Probably so people didn’t feel like they owed anyone for basic rights, like food.”
###Next D 144
Chapter 144 
+25 BONUS 
“Who the fuck do you think you are?” Nina stepped closer to me. “Who are you to talk down to me?” She snarled In my face, but I couldn’t help the laugh.
I raised my hands again with my basket hanging from one. Listen, who I am isn’t your concern. But it just seems very convenient that you are taking credit for something that was supposed to be anonymous.‘
Η
Nina stepped closer. “Just because Professor R stood up for you doesn’t mean I’m afraid of you. Professor R is a man. And like any man, his attention will drift, but let me make myself very clear, he’s mine. He might support you now, but he will come back to me.”
I looked up, met her glare, and started laughing, “What the fuck does he have to do with you claiming to donate money?”
She stepped closer. “I just want you to know that just because he stood up for you today doesn’t mean he will cover for you now.”
I had to bend over, I was laughing so hard. “He knows who donated the money. As does Alpha Vince and Mrs. Sandlewood. Something that could easily be determined is a very ballsy thing to lie about.”
Nina stammered. “You’re lying.“”
1 shook my head. “I’m not.” I picked my basket back up. “Bat find out for yourself.” I stood back up and moved to cash out. “It’s easy enough to check.” I turned to face them. “And I don’t have a reason to lie. I don’t care if you like me or not.”
Nina stomped her foot. “You dont know anything.”
I turned to look at her and shook my head. “I hate people that try to act like they are good people, when in actuality they are claiming good deeds by others. If you were a good person, you would shine on your own deeds.
“I did this for them.” She screamed in my face. But I just shook my head. 
“Excuse me.” A soft voice called from behind us and we all turned. “Are you the alpha that gifted the money to me?”
Nina froze. “What?” But the girl was focused on me and I just smiled. “I’m the only alpha here, girl.”
The girl stepped closer and held out a hand. “You are Alpha Amy, right?”
I nodded and shook her hand. “I am.” The girls with Nina gasped and Nina looked like she had been slapped. Who are you?”
“My name is Wendy.” She smiled up at me. “Wendy Sandlewood.”
“Are you related to Mrs. Sandlewood?”
Wendy nodded. “She is my mom. I just wanted to thank you”
“Honestly, you don’t have to.” I waved her off, but she shook her head and I could see the sparkle of tears.
“No. Please. Let me get this out.” She clutched at my hand, I know you didn’t have to do this. And I know you did it for the entire school. Throwing out three almost four million dollars to make sure every student had enough money on their card for books and food for the semester is very generous of you. And I know you wanted to stay anonymous. But I need you to know just how much of an impact you made on us.”
“What are you saying?” One of Nina’s friends came over.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 144
Wendy looked at her in confusion. “I’m sorry. Who are you
“No one.” She waved her hands. “But you are saying she is the alpha that donated the money?” She looked back at Nina with her eyebrows raised. “It wasn’t another alpha you could be confusing her with?” 
“No, I’m sure. Amy and her mother came in to the office on Friday. My mother helped her. She had me come in to help her load all the cards. There were a lot of cards, let me tell you. I was in the back office when she came and food paid for it all.” She turned back to me and smiled. “My mom was going to take on a night job to pay for my and books. Since my father died, it has just been us and she wanted to make sure I had every opportunity. I told her I could cover it, that I could work, but she wouldn’t let me. But you saved us. She doesn’t have to get a night job to cover my expenses,” A tear that she was trying to hold back fell. “You really don’t understand how much of an impact you made on my life, on our lives. And I seriously can’t thank you enough.
“Can you do my one favour?”
“Anything.” She wiped at her tears.
“Don’t tell anyone else it was me. If you hear someone claiming it was them, you can say you know who it was, and it wasn’t them. But unless someone commands you, keep it quiet.”
“Are you fucking serious, Nina?” One girl screeched. “You lied about gifting us money and said we had to do your project.” The silence that followed was deafening.
###Next D 145
Chapter 145
+25 BONUS
I turned to look back at the white faced Nina and the screeching pack of girls around her. She was trying to battle back, but you could tell she had lost steam. Suddenly, there was a loud beep that went through the air. Everyone froze, and I turned back to Wendy and she mouthed the world, ‘Announcements‘. I just nodded and turned back to the line to wait my turn to pay.
“Good evening students.” Alpha Vince’s voice came over the speakers, and I had to stop my eyes from rolling. “It has come to my attention that there are a lot of students claiming that they were the ones that donated the money to the student body. I wanted to clear up some facts, so that there were no more infighting.” I turned wide eyes to Wendy, and she winced.
“He wouldn’t.” I whispered, but knowing him, he would. He would one hundred percent claim the donation for Brandon or himself.
“Let me be very clear about this. The person who donated the money wanted to stay anonymous. And anyone that has made the claim that they gave the money lied. We expect all our students to uphold themselves honorably. While we focus on rank here, we do not claim the achievements of others. The alpha that gave the money had specifically asked to stay unknown and I will keep my word to her. But if this continues or if I find out anyone trying to use this gift to get special treatment, I will be forced to reveal the donor.”
1 sighed. At least he was warning me. I looked at Wendy and she looked relieved. I smiled at her and she smiled back, giving me a thumbs up. “That’s good, right?” She whispered, and I nodded. Hopefully, people will stop trying to use this to their own advantage.
“If there is anyone trying to claim the donation, please come to me, and I will handle the issue personally. Thank you and have a good rest of your day.” Vince’s voice disappeared and Wendy turned back to me.
“Thank you again, Alpha Amy.”
“It’s just Amy, Wendy.” She pulled her phone out of her pocket as it rang
“Mom, yes, I found her. Yes, I thanked her. No…” She looked to me and asked. “You’re not mad, are you?”
“No.” I laughed. I pulled the phone out of her hand. “Mrs. Sandlewood. Hi, it’s Amy.”
“Oh, hello dear. I know you wanted to stay anonymous, but Wendy helped me get the cards ready.” I could hear a soft sigh. “She wanted to thank you personally.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that your daughter was one of the students getting the money?”
Mrs. Sandlewood sighed again. “To be honest with you, I was embarrassed. I wasn’t able to give her everything she needs.”
“Mrs. Sandlewood, there is nothing to be embarrassed about. You should be paid enough that tour daughter shouldn’t have needed the money. Or the food plan should be included with tuition like it used to be. There is no shame in needing a little extra support, and I am in the position to help.” 1
“Thank you dear. I truly mean it.”
“There are no thanks needed. I would have given Wendy a little more if I had known.”
“That isn’t necessary.” She chuckled. “We are just so thankful as is.”
“Well, I hope you have a good night, Mrs. Sandlewood.”
? 
“You too dear.” She hung up the phone, but I dialed a number before I gave it back to Wendy.
“What’s this number too?”
Chapter 145
of
“Me, that’s my number. Call me or text me if you need any help.”
“Why
e you being so nice?”
+25 BONUS
I remembered the story my mom told me after we left the school. The one where Mrs. Sandlewood stood up for my father and talked to the dean at the time in letting him stay after all the drama with Vince. “Your mom stood up for my dad when he was in rouble. Helping you is kind of like a repayment.
“But you don’t have to.” Wendy tried to refuse.
“I know. It’s not that I have to, it’s that I want to.” I smiled at her. “Everyone can use a friend, can’t they?”
Wendy froze. “You want to be my friend?”
I laughed. “Why is that such a surprise?”
“I’m unranked.”
“And why does that matter?” I poked her rib. “Ranks don’t matter to me. Only people.” I heard Nina scoff, and I turned back to the group of girls that had grown quiet. “What?”
“Alpha Vince said that anyone that had claimed they gave the money was lying.” Nina stepped closer. “That includes you.”
“I never claimed I gave the money. Wendy said that I did.” just looked at her with a bored expression. “If you are having such a hard time with this, go talk to Alpha Vince. Now, I would really like to pay for my food and be on my way.” I pushed past the group and paid for my things before leaving.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 146
Chapter 146
+25 BONUS
I made it back to my room, and I wanted to collapse. I dropped my bags at the door, and took off my shoes. I grabbed the bags and put everything away. I left the sushi te have for dinner and put the rest into the fridge. I grabbed my laptop out of my bag and set it up to watch a show while I ate dinner.
Once I was finished eating, I took a quick shower and had crawled into bed when I remembered I had to call the king. I groaned as I pulled myself out of the bed to the safe punched in the code and unlocked the lockbox inside, and grabbed the phone. I crawled back into bed with both of my phones. Ronnie had saved his number into my main phone, so I had to get the number off one for the other. I saved the number under King Rowan, pulled my main phone in, and then dialed.
I was hoping he wouldn’t pick up. I checked the time, as the phone rang for a third time and realized it was nearly midnight. I winced as the phone call connected and a deep voice, rough with sleep, answered. “Hello?”
“Hi.” I nearly smacked myself.
“Amy?”
“Yes, sorry I didn’t realize how late it was.”
“No, It’s okay.” I could hear him settle.
“Did I wake you?” I bit my lip as I waited for his answer.
“Yes. But it’s fine. I told you to call me.” I closed my eyes, and I could picture him topless, settling against his headboard, and I nearly drooled. Keep it together. “Amy?”
“Sorry, yes, I’m here.” I rushed out. “What did you say?”
He chuckled. “I asked how the rest of your night went.”
“It was interesting.” I told him about Nina and her friends and he growled. “I have to ask this. Why does Nina say she is going to be your mate?”
“Because she is brain dead.” His answer had me laughing. She thinks that because she is an alpha female, she is in the running to be my mate.”
I snorted. “That can’t be true.” His silence was surprising. Seriously Rowan?”
He sighed. “I’m the last of my kind. And I need a mate.” He groaned. “The council has been pushing for me to select a mate from the alpha and beta females that are still mateless. But I don’t want to.”
I grew quiet and Nix let out a howl in my mind. “Why not?”
“My Lycan thinks his mate is out there still. He refuses to accept anyone else. And I agree.”
“You do?”
“Yea. I mean, it’s every wolfs dream to find their mate. And..” He trailed off and coughed. “It’s stupid.”
“No, tell me.” I pushed.
“I assumed you noticed you can’t smell me.” He hesitated.
I pushed up against my headboard, smacked my mattress. Yes.” I was louder than I meant to be, and he laughed.
I noticed. Why is that? I thought I was going crazy.”
His voice was filled with his amusement. “My scent makes anmated she–wolves go crazy. Lycan males have to learn how to cloak their scent from an early age before they are allowed to go near regular wolves.”
Chapter 146
+25 BONUS
“Ah.” I leaned my head back. “That makes so much sense. Does it change after you are mated?”
“It does. Once my scent combines with my mates, it turns softer, and then I don’t have to hide it.”
“That sounds tiresome. How are you supposed to find your nate, then?”
“Well I smell them, and I know. Plus, once I know who my hate is, I will get her alone and I can stop cloaking for her to realize I’m her mate.”
I nodded my head, and Nix gave another sad howl. What’s wrong?
He’s not our mate. 
So…
I like him. Her answer was soft, but then I reminded her of the other wolf we saw during our run today and she perked up a bit.
“Amy?” Rowan’s voice was a little soft, and I snapped back to the conversation.
“Sorry I was just talking to my wolf.” I shook my head. “What happens if you don’t find your mate?”
I
“The council has given me to the end of the school year this year.” He huffed. “They say I have been single for too long. That I need a queen to balance my anger. If I haven’t found my goddess given mate by the end of this year, have to choose one.”
“But that’s not fair.” I tossed out and this time his laugh was so sad.
“Life isn’t fair sometimes.” Rowan sighed again. “Anyway this is turned sad. Let’s talk about something better.” “Like torture?” I tossed out, and he laughed again, this time lighter.
“Exactly.”
###Next D 147
Chapter 147
+25 BONUS
The next few weeks flew by. With classes, training and the calls with everyone, I was insanely busy. Most nights, 1 did my homework, ate a quick dinner, and crawled into my bed. The calls between Rowan and I became a weekly event. Usually, on the day of class, we would talk about what was going on in the packs.
He told me about the unrest. More and more packs were being targeted for some unknown reason. But my father’s pack was targeted the most. One Friday, I got a call from Cas. “Hey! How’s mated life treating you?”
“Honestly, it’s been amazing. Greyson has been so sup
supportive. 
“I’m so happy for you.” I truly was. “You deserve the world”
“Thanks, but I didn’t call to catch up.” Cass’s voice dropped low. “I was told not to call at all, but since I wasn’t commanded, I think Ronnie understood was I was going to do.”
“What’s wrong?” My stomach dropped.
“We have been attacked three times since you left, Amy. All rogues, all knowing our old security runs. Ronnie, Greyson and you dad had to move rotations, run tracks, and pair everyone up. We have been on high alert for the last week.” 1
“What? Why wasn’t I informed?” I gripped my phone tightly.
“Because you dad wants you there in university. You are safe there, plus you are working on figuring out the truth.”
I worried at my lip and nearly screamed. “Why are you calling now?”
“Because your dad was hurt. And I’m worried.” Cass’s voice dropped low. “They are using magic against us. And they have been trying to get to the pack house, but I don’t think that’s what they are after.”
“What do you mean?”
“You dad whispered one word before he was knocked out by the doctor.” I could tell she was looking around. Gazebo.” I closed my eyes. They were after Carly. But how they found out about Carly already, I had no idea.
“Fuck.”
“Yeah.” Cass answered.
“I have to make a call.” I hung up before she said anything else. I ran to my closest and opened my safe, grabbing my phone. I quickly cast a sealing spell to seal the room, and I dialed Rowan’s number.
“Amy?”
“I need your help.” I rushed out.
“What’s wrong? Actually, give me a second.” I could hear him pull the phone away from his ear, so I waited. “Get out I will call you back in once the call is over. No, I don’t care if this meeting is time sensitive.” He was in the middle of a meeting and he dismissed them for me. Butterflies were flying around in my stomach, but I shook my head. Men cannot be trusted. Even Rowan. Nix and Megan pulled away with that thought. Even they had grown like the man. “Sorry about that. I wanted a little privacy. Now tell me what’s wrong.
“It’s my dad’s pack. They have been attacked a few times since I left.” Rowan was a little too quiet, but I just -pushed on. “This last time he got hurt.” 
“Packs are attacked all the time, Amy.” I could hear the regret in his voice.
to
1/2 
Chapter 147
+25 BONUS
“I know. And I can understand your need to stay neutral between pack infighting. But these attacks are rogues.”
“Are they?” His voice was hinting at something, something I never considered.
“You’re saying these rogue attacks have been organized by pack?” I couldn’t help the disbelief in my voice.
“I don’t know. That’s why I’ve been working at the school.
His truth hit me like a blow. “You have been teaching here to get closer to the wolves in the packs.
His sigh was confession enough. “It’s not just your dad’s pack that is being attacked. His just seems like the biggest target. It’s picked up speed too and I don’t know why. Normally his pack would be attacked once or twice a year, and this year it’s been four times. I don’t know what’s changed exactly, but something shifted.”
I rubbed my face. There was a knock at my door and I froze. But my room was sealed, and whoever was there couldn’t hear me. “I might know the reason.” I whispered. Another knock, louder this time, had me freezing.
“What’s going on there? Who’s at your door?”
“Amy, please talk to me.” The muffled voice had me standing and walking towards the door. I had just made it there to look out the peephole when a third knock, almost a desperate pounding, hit my door. “Amy please. I want to be with you. Your sister was a mistake.” I looked through the peephole to find Brandon holding roses outside my door.
“What did he just say?” Rowan’s voice was lower than I had ever heard it.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 148
Chapter 148
+25 BONUS
1 scoffed when I turned away from the door and walked back to my bed. “What did he just say?” Rowan asked again.
“He said that he wanted to be with me and dating and fucking my sister was a mistake. The romantic of the year here,” 1 plopped down on my bed and steered the conversation back to the problem at hand. “Anyway, I think I know why the attacks amped up.
“We are going to revisit this declaration of this boy. But why?” I could hear him settled back into a chair. He must have stood up at some point.
“Because the shaman and his newly awakened daughter, just fled to my father’s pack.” I whispered it. I knew my magic was still in effect because I could feel it, but I still felt the need to whisper it.
I could hear the groan of wood on his end of the call. “Please tell me you are lying.”
“I wish I could.”
“The shaman had a child?”
“A five–year–old daughter.” I bit my lip.
“She’s too young.” His voice held disbelief.
“Yet, I held her as she had her first vision before I left Vince’s pack. I sent them to my grandmother’s cabin on the cliff. The one that is connected to the pack lands by a magical bridge under the gazebo.” I don’t know why I was telling him everything. I barely knew the man.
He is our king. Nix’s voice was matter of fact.
He will help us protect her. Megan’s voice was soft but firm Even she believed in Rowan.
“Why are you telling me this?” His voice was soft.
“Because, my best friend called me today to say my dad was hurt, but his last word before he passed out was gazebo. She doesn’t understand what it means, but knew I would. Who ever is behind these attacks knows she is there. And I need your help to protect her.”
“Why me?”
“Because you are the only one I trust. I can’t leave school. I have too much to learn.”
“You can leave and come back next year, or after everything is done.”
“I can’t. My dad needs me=”
“To do what?” Rowan adjusted himself and his chair squeezed. “Tell me what you are planning and I will do everything I can to help.”
I hesitated, but something in my gut told me to trust him. “My father asked me to learn how to hack as I was coming back. He has a feeling Vince is involved in the attacks now, and back when your father was killed.” I heard Rowan inhale. “He isn’t one hundred percent sure, which is why he hasn’t brought it up to you, but he thinks Vince is a key player. He has tried to hack Oakenfangs servers but the security facing out is too strong, but he thinks the security within….”
“He thinks you might get close because you are already behind certain firewalls.”
“Exactly.” I huffed out a breath. “I could even get closer if used Brandon. I’ve been putting off dealing with him
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 148
because of it. If he thinks he has to chase me, then when I finally relent I can get close.”
There was a growl on the other side of the phone. “No.”
“Rowan, you know it will work.”
“I said no.” His words were final.
“Whatever. That is far off. I am just learning the basics in class right now.”
“That’s why you took computer science?”
“Yeah, I figured it would teach me computer languages, security systerns and the best way to set them up. Then I could learn how best to get around them on my own.” Rowan chuckled..
“You are incredibly smart.”
“Thank you.
“But that won’t work.”
“What?”
“Sorry, what I mean is, it would take too much time.” He clicked a few keys on his side. “I’m at the university Monday and Fridays for class. After we can spend another hour or so going into hacking.” 1
“You know how to hack?”
The smile in his voice was back. “Yeah. Like I said, this is my hobby.” He clicked a few more times. “I hack into human built systems for a source of income for the council. It’s all legitimate, but it’s fun and easy money.”
“So you will teach me?”
ves. And I will help you.” I heard him pull the phone away for a second time. “Lorna, send in my beta, gamma
and second gamma.”
“You have a pack?”
“Sort of.” He was avoiding the question. But I wouldn’t pry His life wasn’t my concern. I heard a door open. need a contingent of soldiers to be stationed at the Silvermoon pack. I want it to fly under the radar and it can’t be found out by any other the other packs.” 1
“Okay. But why?” A soft voice came from his side of the phone and I felt Nix’s hackles rise.
“The shaman and his child are hidden in the pack and need protection.”
###Next D 149
Chapter 149
+25 BONUS
I walked out of class and headed straight to the forest. I needed a run. I was frustrated. These past few weeks have been frustrating, and I didn’t know why.
Yes, you do. Nix’s voice was amused.
“No, I don’t.” I ran the rest of the way to the forest trail. I needed the wind on my fur, the dirt under my claws. Megan rolled her eyes at me. Yes, you do.
I stumbled to a stop and threw up my hands. “No, I don’t.” screamed and had a few people stare at me. I shook my head and apologized to everyone. I ran the rest of the way and shifted into Nix.
She took off. She wove in and out of trees, jumped over fallen ones and skid under bushes. “You know why you’re angry. You just don’t want to admit it to yourself.”
Just get to the point, Nix.
Rowan. Megan sat back on her haunches beside me. You haven’t seen or heard from him since the last call. She looked over at me. You have had a sub in class and he hasn’t called you back, so you haven’t called him.
Well. He should have called me back like he said he would. I growled out.
Nix just laughed. “You have been on edge. Which, in this case, is understandable. You don’t know what is going on, and Cass has been commanded not to tell us anything anymore.”
Stupid alphas. I shook my head as my two wolves snorted. They think they know best. But I’m-
Supposed to be learning another way to protect your pack. Nix’s voice was a little agitated. “We should be focused on that and not some man who hasn’t spared us a moment’s thought.”
Someone else seems a little on edge herself. I scoffed.
I could feel her hackles rise. “Men suck. We all agree on this” She pushed herself faster. “I just thought…”
Thought what? I asked.
“That our father and the king were different.” She finished We caught the scent of a deer and veered off. We chased after it, weaving down the path. Once it caught sight of us, it darted away. We chased after it, our blood pumping in our veins and we lept for it.
We were hit in the side and rolled. Our prey dashed away and now we are out for blood. Our growl was vicious as we got to our feet and whirled on the small brown wolf, pacing back and forth. As we turned, a few more wolves came out of the trees.
We prowled around and waited for them to speak. Obviously, they wanted something from me. But when nothing came, we growled again. “What the fuck do you want?”
“This is student grounds. No one but students and teachers may be in these woods.” A voice called out.
I froze. “What the fuck are you talking about? Who are you to tell me anything?” The wolf cowered, but they remained in place. I pushed forward to take control.
“Get off these grounds.” Another voice came, this one stronger. A she–wolf with red fur stepped out of the tree line. “As we said, these grounds are for students and teachers.”
“You don’t get to tell me what to do, pup.” Nix receded enough that I was alone in my fur for the first time. “1 suggest you run along before I get any angrier after you made me lose my prey.” I snapped my teeth and my ears

+25 BONUS
Chapter 149
fell flat against my head.
“We will attack if we have to.” The air shifted and her seen hit me. Nina. I wanted to groan.
My mind linked Alpha Vince. You need to call off Nina and her pack of whores before I kill them all.
His response was swift. What are you talking about, Amy?
I decided to lie a bit. It’s Nix. I have control right now, and Nina has her group of friends surrounding me in the forest. They are pretending they don’t recognize my scent and say they will attack me to force me to leave. What they haven’t figured out is that I have been trained for my entire life and I will kill them if they attack. I let out a growl over the mind link, one that was as bloodthirsty as I was.
I’ll be right there. He sent back, and then he sent out an open mind link to everyone. Stand down if you want to survive. The black wolf is a student, and one that will gut you given the chance.
I watched the other girls falter, and Nina’s eyes glare at me as I paced back and forth. “Are you that stupid, girl?” I shouted, pretending to be my wolf. “That my human and I wouldn’t recognize your foul scent? Nina, your wolf is as stupid as you are.” I stepped up to her, towering over her
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 150
Chapter 150
“Nix. Stop,” I growled out as my head snapped to the light grey wolf of Alpha Vince came sliding into the clearing. “Please.” The other wolves gasped as he gave that inch, but his wolf wasn’t stupid. I was twice his size, and just as
vicious.
I turned my head back to the others and sat. “They attacked me.” Was my only answer.
“We did not.” Nina, or her wolf, yelled back, but Vince ignoted her and turned to me.
“What happened?” His preference was noted by everyone there.
“I was chasing after a deer. I thought in these woods, as a student, I was safe to roam.”
“And you are.” His answer was swift.
I felt my eyes widen in surprise. “Then why did the little brown wolf, the one I haven’t met, why did she intercept me? Why did they surround me?”
“Who is this bitch?” Nina’s response was vicious, and very confusing.
How does she not know who I am?
Nix and Megan looked at each other and then answered. We changed your scent when you shifted into Nix. That way, if you wanted, you could stay anonymous. But it’s only enough to confuse people. Megan stepped forward.
We change it enough that it could be the same scent, if you layered more together, like when you shower and put on perfume.
So I smell like myself, but not. I questioned.
Exactly. It’s just enough to confuse a wolf who doesn’t know us.
I turned back to Vince, yelling at Nina. “This bitch?” He laughed. “This bitch would kill you and have every way to circumvent paying a blood price to your father because you attacked her first.” Vince turned back to me. I could see he was going to say my human name, but I mind linked him first.
Only my wolf’s name, please. They apparently need more practise with identifying smells.
He nodded once. “Nix, I apologize on their behalf.”
“Alpha!” Nina’s wolf stomped her front paw.
Vince whirled. “If you haven’t fucking noticed Clara, she is stronger than you.” Ah, Clara was her wolf’s name. “I am doing my best to save you from a fight. You are an Alpha, I will give you that. And if the pairing I have in mind for Brandon fails, and you are open to it, I would offer it to you.” He glanced back at me and I grimaced inside. Gross. “But for the love of the goddess, you are a weak alplia. Nix is not.”
She glared at me and lifted her lip. “I could take her.”
I chuffed out a laugh. “You can’t even fight off my command.” I shook my head. An idea formed in my mind and I waited to see if she would take the bait.
“You can’t command me.” She cried, her wolf as stupid as she was.
Vince groaned out of frustration and I sat back and smiled my toothy grin. “You stupid girl,” Vince huffed. He turned to me and I tilted my head. “Nix, don’t hurt them.”
“I won’t.” I turned my head back to the five wolves around the clearing. “They interrupted my hunt, but I won’t hurt them physically…this time.” I stood on my four legs and stretched, I knew after I dealt with these girls, 1
Chapter 15
150
+25 BONUS
would be back on the hunt.
“They are yours.” He turned his back on all of us. “Do with them what you will.”
“You can’t mean that Alpha Vince.” One wolf called out, and he whirled.
“You interrupted an Alpha’s hunt. You insulted her, and then threatened her. What do you think she would do?”
“We were just following Clara.”
“Then you
will know better from now on.” His final call was harsh as he took off.
“Now.” I called out as a few turned to leave. “Where do you think you are going?” They all froze. “Line up in front of me, next to Clara here.” I pushed a little aura into my command and soon they were all next to each other. None stood out, other than Nina. Her fur was a thick, dark red, like a fox. The others were brown or grey, then would have blended into any natural pack of wolves. T
“You can’t hurt us.” One was brave enough to say.
“Oh?” I paced in front of them. “Why would you think that?”
“Nina’s dad runs an enormous pack. He will take yours down.” The amusement in her words irritated me.
I laughed, though. “What if I’m from a stronger pack? What then?”
They all froze. “No way.” One said.
“Only one way to find out.” I winked at them.
“You can’t hurt us, you said you wouldn’t.”
“I said I wouldn’t attack you, but I can think of another way to hurt you.” I waited for a second and then let my full aura out. “Shift and walk back to your rooms naked.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 151
###Next D 151
Chapter 151
Chapter 151
I watched as they all shifted and covered themselves. “Please don’t make us do this.” One small brunette asked. But I scoffed.
“You attacked me. You teamed up on me. You were going to force me to leave a place that I was allowed to be and now you want mercy?” I called out and turned.
“We are sorry.” Another called, and they dropped to their knees. “Nina told us there was a rogue wolf out here, and we needed to protect the school.”
I whirled. “In what world does that make sense?” I stalked back to the naked women. “You are all weak, untrained, mostly unranked wolves. You caught me unaware because I thought I was safe to hunt in these woods. Which honestly was my fault. But if it really was a rogue, you would have died. Nina knew the wolf out here was either a student, but based on my size, she probably assumed it was an alpha male out hunting and she wanted to stand out.” I cut a glare at her. “I can only assume she knows who the alpha male is, and knew he would be out here today. She was using you.”
The girls turned on Nina, who was still glaring at me. “Shut up.”
“Tell me she isn’t telling the truth.” One girl begged “Please tell me she is lying.”
There was a lone howl that shook the trees, one that had Nina perking up. I just scoffed. “She played you.” I turned away again. “Probably to show whoever that is, that she is the best choice out there.”
“Nina.” Someone called, but I was done with them.
I called back to them. “Now head back to school.” I commanded them and Nina screamed.
“No!” She stomped her foot, but the command was too strong for her to ignore. The girls started back through the woods and I started after the deer. I chased after the fear that was in the air that was left by the fleeing deer. I dug in and allowed Nix to push forward so she was in the forefront.
She chased after the deer, trying to catch up to where it had dashed off to. She finally caught a fresh scent, and she pivoted and streaked after it. She was panting, but in her element. She could hear the snap of a twig and she rolled. She wasn’t going to allow a wolf to catch her unaware twice in one day.
She panted while staring at a small grey wolf. “What do you want?”
“You.” The wolf walked over to her, trying to scent her, but Nix moved away.
“Do not touch me.” Her words dripped with venom.
“I just want to scent you. You are gorgeous.
I felt our eyes flash. “Your human has honeyed words, but you interrupted my hunt. The second time today, and that puts me in a foul mood.”
I stared at the wolf before us, and as he paced around us, I caught the streak of black down his back. It’s Brandon. My disgust was clear.
“I just want to get close to you.
Nix felt eyes on her, and she growled low. Today was a day for interruption. “I don’t want that.” She tossed out. Leave me alone while I hunt. If your human wants to get close, then have him approach mine. Coming after me while I hunt is an easy way to die.” Nix turned and Brandon’s wolf jumped in front of her.
“Where are you going?” His wolf was as dumb as he was.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 151
“I’m going to continue my hunt. You and your human will leave me be.”
“Or what?”
Nix growled low, and her ears laid against our skull. “Or else I will snap your leg and leave you out here for the rogues to get you before your daddy can come save you, pup” She took a closer step. “Brandon wants to get close to my human, but do you think she would mate with anyone I disapproved of? Test me again and you where you stand quicker than you want.” She warned, and then she was off again. Thankfully, Brandon’s wolf understood and stayed behind. But someone else was chasing after her.
will learn
I have had it with wolves interrupting my hunt. She growled again, louder. The grumble of it bounding off the surrounding trees.
I know, but this is the first time, normally it’s been quiet. She growled out her agreement and was back on the scent. She charged around a tree and ducked as yet another wolf soared over her. But this time, she wasn’t stopping. She recognized the wolf that tried to pounce on her, and with another growl, she took off.
their worth
He had been missing since their first run here. And now he wanted attention. No. Inconsistant males would get zero attention from them. If they wanted a chance to get close to her, then they would have to prove And this male hadn’t.
###Next D 152
Chapter 152
Chapter 152 
She chased after the deer and ignored the male, who was still trying to get some attention. He nipped at our heels, chased after us, and tried to get us to play the entire time, but we were on the trail of the deer. She skidded to a stop, with Erubus stopping next to me. He opened his mouth, but she sunk down and edged under the bush in
front of us.
The deer was in a clearing, cars twitching, eyes alert. She felt him sink next to us and he went on alert when he saw the deer. We separated and then circled the deer, working together to get the deer. We both lunged as if we were one unit. She went for the neck while he landed on the buck, taking him down to his belly. I pulled back as our teeth dug into the buck’s neck and I felt the first gush of blood hit our mouth. Megan cackled at me, gagging as Nix focused on the kill.
You don’t have to hunt with us. Megan’s voice was cheerful You can pull back enough that it is just her.
I know. I pushed my hand deep into her coat. But 1 want to be with you two for all your big moments. Like you were with me. Even if I pull back when it gets too much. I sell get to experience it with you.
Megan nuzzled against me and we sat in content silence as Nix pulled back from the buck. She looked up to see Erubus sitting back as the deer was in its death throes. When he noticed her watching, he nudged the deer towards her. “You eat first.” His words were soft, but low.
Nix nodded and dug in, but Megan’s eyes widened. What’s wrong? I felt her tremble, but she shook herself and settled.
What do you know of wolf etiquette?
Not much. My mom said she would teach me once I came of age, but I spent the summer with my dad instead. Why?
Megan pulled out of my hands and stood. She paced while we watched on as Nix had her fill of the deer. A male alpha will only step back from a kill for his mate or, if unmated, a female he was interested in as a chosen mate. He is showing his interest in Nix.
I reeled back from her words. We don’t know who this wolf even is.
Exactly, but Nix accepted his advances by accepting the deer.
Nix’s voice came back to us. This is my deer, and I’ll be damned if Erubus here claims that this was his kill. So what if he fancies me? Doesn’t mean I fancy him back?
Megan snorted. But you do.
I did. Nix called back. But that was before he ignored us for months. It’s been what, two, almost three months since the first week of school. Inconsistency will get him nowhere. I felt her pull back to finish her meal and then sat back on her butt.
“Eat.” she stated flatly.
“You are angry with me.” His voice was surprised.
Nix looked off to the side. “I have no feelings toward you at all. Eat or don’t eat.” She got up to walk away.
“Wait.” He walked over to us and tried to scent her, but just like with Brandon, she stepped away. He sat down in front of us and tilted his head. “Why are you mad?”
“I said I’m not mad.” Nix huffed out a sigh. She looked at him and then snorted. “Males seem to think that they have a right to my body, my scent, my time, without proving they are worth it. I do not have to grant you access to
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 152
my time just because you are an alpha wolf. I am an alpha all on my own.”
“Don’t lump me in with that pup from earlier.” His tone turned angry.
“Why not? What have you done differently to deserve my attention?” Nix’s accusation had him freezing.
“I…I just ” He stumbled over his words.
“You assumed that because you are an alpha male and every she–wolf around you usually throws themselves at your feet, that I would be the same.” Nix snorted and walked past his face, flicking his with her tail. “I won’t.” z
He sat frozen for an extra minute before he got to his feet and caught up with us. “Do you know who I am, who my human is?” His voice held confusion.
“No. Do you know who I am? Who my human is?” +
“Well, no,
“He answered, and we laughed.
“So I don’t deserve the time and effort a male should give to win over a female? That you are so important that you can just walk in and I would throw myself at your feet. Please. I am not a weak she–wolf, and inconsistent males don’t deserve my time.” With that, Nix took off back to school. Let him think about that. 1
###Next D 153
Chapter 153
+25 BONUS
1 rushed into class right before it started and slammed into my desk. I had lost track of time during my run and had to eat my lunch late. Even though we ate half the deer, when I shifted back, I was starving. I thought I would have more cushion, but everything that happened in the woods, I barely made it.
I opened my laptop and waited for the sub to come in. Mr. Oran was a decent teacher. But Rowan had promised to help with my hacking and then he disappeared. I shook my bead as I wanted to growl. This was all stupid, and I shouldn’t be wasting my time waiting on him.
1 buried myself in coding. We were working on setting up basic firewalls at this point, and I was thoroughly engrossed in the subject. Not only was it fascinating to see what goes into this kind of system, but knowing how it’s built will help me get around it better. Mr. Oren had gone over the subject the past couple of classes, and we were working on our first project. Setting up a firewall around one file.
By the time the teacher walked in, I had finally set up the firewall and I wanted to jump up from my seat and dance. Instead, I just clapped and smiled. I was still buried my computer when a deep voice sounded over my shoulder. “That looks good.”
I nearly jumped out of my skin, and Megan and Nix were laughing at me. I turned around to find myself face to face with Rowan. “Holy fucking goddess, you scared me.” Lclutched at my chest and he laughed.
“I noticed. You were too busy working on your firewall.” He pointed to my computer, and I nodded. He took my computer and walked to his desk while speaking to the rest of the class. “Welcome. I know I have been gone for a while. The downfalls of being king. But I am here today. And Mr. Oren said you were working on your first project, the firewall.” He sat my computer down and then turned back to the class. “Once you complete the firewall, like Amy here, bring your computer to my desk so I can give your firewall a test. The longer I take to get into it, the higher your grade will be.”
Someone raised their hand. “What do we do after?”
“There is extra course work you can work on. Next week we will start on setting up new systems and I don’t want to get into that with only a half the time left in class.” Everyone nodded. Then they got back to work, and I just sat there. I watched Rowan as he checked my system. I wanted to see how quick he got in.
It was by no stance a complicated firewall, but I still wanted to see. He finally sat down at my computer and connected with his own. After barely five minutes, he looked up at me and smiled. Fuck, he was already in. I wanted to groan. He unconnected my computer and walked it back to me
“That was quick.”
“Actually, not really. Pay attention to the others and how fast I can get into theirs.” He dropped off my computer and knocked on a corner. His voice dropped lower. “I left a page open. I want you to start reading. It will help us with our session after class.”
I nodded and opened up the page. It was about hacking. So he hadn’t forgotten his promise. I started to read. Every -time someone got up to head to his desk, I would stop what I was doing and watch.
Sometimes it took less than thirty seconds for him to crack into their firewall, sometimes a minute. Over all, I had the best time, and it showed with the defeated looks I would get every so often.
Rowan would talk to each of the students about their firewall and what went wrong. He went in depth on each of their programs, and I kept one ear open to hear what went wrong.
“You had a corrupted line of coding halfway down.” He pointed to the last guy’s firewall.
“How do you know?” He asked as he scrolled through it all
+25 DONUS
Chapter 153
“Well, I have been at this for many years.” His laughed caught me off guard. I felt iny brows furrow. How old was he, really? He looked only twenty–five, but that mea
Chapter 153
+25 BONUS
1 rushed into class right before it started and slammed into my desk. I had lost track of time during my run and had to eat my lunch late. Even though we ate half the deer, when I shifted back, I was starving. I thought I would have more cushion, but everything that happened in the woods, I barely made it.
I opened my laptop and waited for the sub to come in. Mr. Oran was a decent teacher. But Rowan had promised to help with my hacking and then he disappeared. I shook my bead as I wanted to growl. This was all stupid, and I shouldn’t be wasting my time waiting on him.
1 buried myself in coding. We were working on setting up basic firewalls at this point, and I was thoroughly engrossed in the subject. Not only was it fascinating to see what goes into this kind of system, but knowing how it’s built will help me get around it better. Mr. Oren had gone over the subject the past couple of classes, and we were working on our first project. Setting up a firewall around one file.
By the time the teacher walked in, I had finally set up the firewall and I wanted to jump up from my seat and dance. Instead, I just clapped and smiled. I was still buried my computer when a deep voice sounded over my shoulder. “That looks good.”
I nearly jumped out of my skin, and Megan and Nix were laughing at me. I turned around to find myself face to face with Rowan. “Holy fucking goddess, you scared me.” Lclutched at my chest and he laughed.
“I noticed. You were too busy working on your firewall.” He pointed to my computer, and I nodded. He took my computer and walked to his desk while speaking to the rest of the class. “Welcome. I know I have been gone for a while. The downfalls of being king. But I am here today. And Mr. Oren said you were working on your first project, the firewall.” He sat my computer down and then turned back to the class. “Once you complete the firewall, like Amy here, bring your computer to my desk so I can give your firewall a test. The longer I take to get into it, the higher your grade will be.”
Someone raised their hand. “What do we do after?”
“There is extra course work you can work on. Next week we will start on setting up new systems and I don’t want to get into that with only a half the time left in class.” Everyone nodded. Then they got back to work, and I just sat there. I watched Rowan as he checked my system. I wanted to see how quick he got in.
It was by no stance a complicated firewall, but I still wanted to see. He finally sat down at my computer and connected with his own. After barely five minutes, he looked up at me and smiled. Fuck, he was already in. I wanted to groan. He unconnected my computer and walked it back to me
“That was quick.”
“Actually, not really. Pay attention to the others and how fast I can get into theirs.” He dropped off my computer and knocked on a corner. His voice dropped lower. “I left a page open. I want you to start reading. It will help us with our session after class.”
I nodded and opened up the page. It was about hacking. So he hadn’t forgotten his promise. I started to read. Every -time someone got up to head to his desk, I would stop what I was doing and watch.
Sometimes it took less than thirty seconds for him to crack into their firewall, sometimes a minute. Over all, I had the best time, and it showed with the defeated looks I would get every so often.
Rowan would talk to each of the students about their firewall and what went wrong. He went in depth on each of their programs, and I kept one ear open to hear what went wrong.
“You had a corrupted line of coding halfway down.” He pointed to the last guy’s firewall.
“How do you know?” He asked as he scrolled through it all
+25 DONUS
Chapter 153
“Well, I have been at this for many years.” His laughed caught me off guard. I felt iny brows furrow. How old was he, really? He looked only twenty–five, but that meant nothing. Some wolves looked young well into their first century. Rowan looked up and saw my face and I watched something flicker over his, but it was gone faster than it was there. 
I shook my head and cleared my thoughts as I turned back to the page on the screen. His age has nothing to do with me. But even as I thought it, I felt like I was lying to myself.
Alicia S. Rivers Author
Hey guys, I’m sorry I haven’t updated in a few days. We were hit with a crazy winter storm that knocked out internet and sometimes power. So I will upload four chapters today as an apology! 
1035
nt nothing. Some wolves looked young well into their first century. Rowan looked up and saw my face and I watched something flicker over his, but it was gone faster than it was there. 
I shook my head and cleared my thoughts as I turned back to the page on the screen. His age has nothing to do with me. But even as I thought it, I felt like I was lying to myself.
Alicia S. Rivers Author
Hey guys, I’m sorry I haven’t updated in a few days. We were hit with a crazy winter storm that knocked out internet and sometimes power. So I will upload four chapters today as an apology! 
1035
###Next D 154
Chapter 154
+26 BONUS
“You seem to be thinking pretty hard there, Amy.” His voice, once again, made me jump. I hadn’t realized that the class was over. I was still fully absorbed in what I was reading and this time I let out a squeak. He chuckled as he settled next to me with his laptop.
“Um yeah.” I wiped my face. “This is all confusing.” I wave my hands at the screen and he nodded.
“Yeah, but I don’t think it was hacking principles that made you make that face.” He turned to me. “So spill.”
“How old are you?” I blurted it out and then winced.
“What?”
“How old are you?”
“Why do you want to know?” He leaned back in his seat.
said
I raised my hands and shook my head. “Sorry. It’s none of my business.” I wiped at my face. “Just when you that you have been at this for years, it made me think about you age. Wolves barely grow old, heck my parents look to be about thirty, and my dad is almost two hundred years old”
“How old is your mother?” Rowan tilted his head.
“She is closer to sixty. They met when she was nineteen and stayed childless for a few years before they had me.”
Rowan nodded. “Most wolf pairings have gaps in age.”
I shrugged. “It makes sense. The goddess selects your mate, and we have to wait until the other is born or we find each other.” But I closed my laptop and turned to face him. Why are you avoiding my question?”
Rowan laughed and scratched behind his ear. “I’m not.”
“You’re doing it right now.” I pointed out.
He huffed out a breath. “I’m only thirty. I was twelve when my father was killed. Younger when the Lycans started to be hunted to extinction.” He leaned onto the table and propped his head up on his hand.
I repositioned on my chair, pulling my leg up and turning completely to face him. “What happened?”
“What?”
“I mean, you don’t have to tell me, but my father has always been vague, and my mother…well she never wanted to speak about it. What happened to the Lycans?”
Rowan stared at me for a few moments before he closed his eyes. “They died.”
“I know that much. But why? What happened to them? You guys were the most powerful pack and then everyone but you and your dad were gone. How did everyone vanish so quickly?” The questions tumbled from my mouth, and I couldn’t stop them if I wanted to. This was the first chance I had ever gotten to ask someone directly. Even if he looked like he would rather die, then tell me. I stopped the questions and waited. I waited for a very long time, with Rowan sitting silently beside me. He stayed silent for so long I was just going to turn back to my computer before he started.
“It was a dark night.”
“Huh?” But he didn’t answer me. And I realized he was reliving this nightmare…for me. The guilt hit first as he
continued.
“I was about six, and the night was so dark. I remember waking up I the middle of the night and I swore
+25 BONUS
Chapter 154
something was outside my window.” His eyes stayed shut, but I could see them dart back and forth. “I ran to my parents‘ room and woke them up. My father, he told me to go back to bed, that no one was there. But I was certain. My mother said she would come check, and we walked back to my room.” He trembled, and without thinking, I reached my hand for his. He wrapped his hand around ming, threading our fingers together. “When we got back to my room, my mom went to the window to look. But when he goes there a hand shot forward through her chest, ripping her heart out. I screamed. My mother turned to look at me and I saw her life fade from her eyes. My father burst through the doors just to see her drop, and then the mind links came. There were rogues attacking. Too many to be a coincidence. A pack of rouges, something our world had never seen before. With in the night, most of my pack was dead. My father was badly injured, and the world found out that even the Royal Lycan pack could be defeated.”
“I’m sorry.” I whispered as I squeezed his hands.
“That was just the start of the hunt. One by one, the remaining pack members disappeared. The rogues were blamed. But my father suspected that the pack of rouges was just hiding the truth.” 1
“What truth?”
His eyes met mine. “That some packs got together, banished their warriors for them to become rogue, just to attack us. My father was tracing everything down for years until he was murdered. And now, it’s been left to me…. and your father, to find the truth.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 155
###Next D 155
Chapter 155
Chapter 155
1 got back to my room very late. I barely crawled into bed before I fell into
a deep sleep.
I was running through a dark forest, searching for something I needed to find something, or someone. They needed me. I could almost hear crying. It was pushing me liarder, trying to reach them in time. I heard a rushing and crash, a familiar sound, and I knew without the sea salt on the wind that I was by the ocean.
I bounded through the woods and I heard a twig snap, but no scent hit my nose. Somehow I knew it was Erubus with me. We ran through the woods.
The light barely made it under the deep canopy of this forest. It felt old, older than the trees I grew up with, older than the trees in the forest I ran near school.
1 knew without even seeing it; I had never been to these woods before. This was somewhere I didn’t know yet, but with clear certainty, I would
I had no idea how I knew this, or when it would come to be but this dream was going to come true. I knew it in my bones. I searched the woods, and in the corner of my eye, I saw her.
The moon goddess.
She was beckoning me towards her, so I pivoted and headed that way, Erubus following my lead.
“Where are we going?” His words tempted me to slow, but knew I couldn’t. I needed to save her.
I pushed on, running at my top speed through the trees. I kept searching. There was no way I could stop. They needed me. I kept searching and Erubus kept trying to talk to me, and I felt like I was answering, but everything from my mouth was silent to my dream. I wasn’t meant to hear my words..
I woke with a start with sweat beading on my brow, I gave a sigh as I dropped back onto my bed. It was just a dream. Even with that, though, I knew that there was something more to it. It was a warning.
I shook off my blankets. I knew I wouldn’t be able to get back to bed, and I went to take a bath. I hadn’t had one in a long time and right this second; I needed to relax. I heard my phone chirp from my bed, but I ignored it for now.
I slipped into the tub and closed my eyes, relaxing in the heat. My mind kept flashing to the woods, to the sea, and what I might find there. There was another chirp from my phone, and I wanted to roll my eyes. It was four in the morning. Who ever needed me this badly would just have to wait.
I relaxed in my bath, avoiding my phone until the water cooled. Then I drained the tub and took a hot shower. I slowly got ready for the day. I did my hair and makeup and picked out my clothes. Normally, I had gotten into. training before class, but since I already had my shower, training could wait until the end of the day.
I finally made my way back to my bed and my phone. I checked the time and saw it was around six. I opened my texts and saw, surprisingly, that Rowan and my father texted me. I checked my father’s messaged first.
Dad- Hey baby. I have some news that you aren’t going to like, but I wanted to be the first to tell you
The rogues have been attacking more often. They have attacked not just our pack, but twelve more. The king is doing his best, but we are all stretched thin. We are looking at solutions, but everyone has agreed that you all are going to stay in school.
I love you, baby. Please, learn well.
He was telling me to buckle down and start trying to hack into Vince’s system. We needed to know the truth.
I switched to Rowan’s text without responding; I wanted to see what he said before I messaged either of them back
Chapter
Rowan- I know your father said he was going to reach out, class. I have to focus on these attacks and do my best to kee
I didn’t want to just disappear on you again. I know I prom end here with these rogues.
I sent you an email that has my complete guide to the prog writing everything down, and when I was learning the syst
Don’t trust anyone. 
This is war. 
Today’s Bonus Offer
+25 BONUS
Chapter 155
Rowan- I know your father said he was going to reach out, but I wanted to as well. Mr. Oran will be taking over my class. I have to focus on these attacks and do my best to keep everyone safe.
I didn’t want to just disappear on you again. I know I promised you extra help with the class, but I am at my wit’s end here with these rogues.
I sent you an email that has my complete guide to the program you were looking to build for fun. I have a habit of writing everything down, and when I was learning the system myself, these were my notes. I hope they help you.
Don’t trust anyone.
This is war.
###Next D 156
Chapter 156
His words resounded in my mind. This is war. I stared at my phone for what seemed to be years, but was merely seconds before his next texts came through.
I tried Vince’s system myself, and it looks like you have to be physically tapped in.
Good luck.
The last few messages flashed on my screen for a second, and then they were gone, as if they had never been delivered. I held my phone in my hand, confused. But there was nothing else, no explanation, and no more little bouncy three dots to let me know there were more messages to come.
1 messaged my dad first. And I knew I didn’t want him to worry, so I just sent him a quick voice memo. “Stay safe. Keep me updated. If something happens, I want to know.”
I knew he wasn’t going to let me know. But I hoped he would. I saw the three dots appear.
Dad- Worry abut yourself babe. We will handle this on our side. These next four years will fly by, I promise.
I typed back a quick I love you and his response was quick. Then I flipped back to Rowan. What does you say to your king?.
Again, I figured a voice memo would be quicker. “Thank you for everything. I will check out your email later, class.” I paused for a minute. But then I opened my damn mouth again when I should have stopped after that. ”
after Stay safe. Okay?”
I froze after I thought about what I just sent and I cringed as I saw the three dots pop up. He disappeared and then popped up again, almost as if he couldn’t decide what to say.
Then his message came through. It was a voice memo. I clicked on it and wished I could fall into a deep hole when I heard the amusement in his voice. “Are you worried about me?”
His question caught me off guard. It was almost playful. But his voice held something else, and I didn’t want to focus on it.
I hit the record button. “Yes.” I wanted to re–record it, so I released the button and without realizing it, it sent. ” Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. No, don’t send.” I started to hit my back button on my phone with zero chance of it working.
I saw the bubbles pop up and I wanted to die. How did I end up here? 
His memo popped up and I wanted to close my phone and ignore it, but I knew I wouldn’t. I clicked it and his deep chuckle wrapped around me. “I appreciate the worry, but I am a little disappointed. I know being king comes with responsibilities but I was really enjoying the semester at school.” May heart skipped a beat, “And I was looking forward to our study sessions together.” I felt my face heat, but I had to slap myself–Stop reading into his words. He likes you. Nix’s voice was certain.
Megan was a little more hesitant. He must like your company.
I scowled. I’m not the reason he said that. I denied, but both wolves scoffed at me.
Another messaged popped up. I clicked on it. “I have to go, but if you have any issues or questions, email me. I probably won’t be able to call or text, but I will make sure to check my email.”
I furrowed my brow at that. He can’t call or text but he will be able to email? 
It sounds like someone is listening to his calls, Nix’s answer made everything click
Chapter 156
+25 BONUS
He has more security on his computer and so do I. We would be able to chat more freely. Something was going on, and he was being very cautious. I grabbed my computer and pulled up my encrypted email service. Rowan had shown me how to use it in the first class.
This was how he wanted our projects sent to him throughout the semester, but now. Now I think he wanted to keep our conversations secret.
I saw instantly I had three emails. One from my father, and two from Rowan.
I click on my father’s first.
Amy, things have escalated past a safe point. You can’t say this to anyone, but a lot of packs are in shambles. Three packs totally wiped out. Our pack has grown picking up the survivors, but everything is a mess.
I worry about you and your mother. Next time you see her you have to tell her everything.
Rowan found out certain things, but the main thing he found out was that there were taps on our phones.
Everything we say on our phones has to be vague and above board.
Stay safe, pup, learn as fast as you can and hopefully we can figure everything out.
I love you.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 157
###Next D 157
Chapter 157
Chapter 157
I had to reread his email three times. The fear that gripped me when I read over his email was intense, but this was my father. He wasn’t alone.
He had our pack.
But Rowan, Rowan was alone. And fresh fear gripped me. What would our king do if things went south?
I clicked over to his first email.
Amy,
I have attached my complete guide when I was learning to hack.
Rowan.
I clicked and downloaded the file. I would crack it open after class. But I checked the time and knew I needed to leave for breakfast soon.
I clicked his second email.
Amy
I’m sorry I was so vague, but I can only assume your father explained things to you. No one is safe. Trust no one, especially Vince and Brandon.
Everything has been turned on its head and these rogues are vicious and somehow they know everything about these packs.
If it wasn’t for your father’s quick thinking and working with his Beta to change everything about his security, they too would have fallen already.
You seem to be safe at school. None of the attacks are close enough to cause us to worry about your safety, but I want you to be aware.
You have already painted a target on your back with the she wolves and I apologize for my part in it.
I did nothing to give anyone the idea that I was interested in them. But the council informed me today that they have sent out feelers to high–ranking she–wolves for mating opportunities. 1
I should have realized when Nina acted out with you the first week,
I could feel his frustration through the computer, and I felt a punch to my gut. He was starting the process of finding a mate.
You can throw yourself into the running if you wanted to. Nix’s voice was soft, but I knew she wasn’t interested. She had found her interest in Erubus, and even the king couldn’t measure up to that male. 2
I wouldn’t do that to you. Megan and I both know you are set on Erubus. If you don’t find your mate, he is who you would choose.
She settled down on her belly and sighed. Only if he actually gets his act together.
I laughed and turned back to the email.
I won’t be around, but I want to keep in contact. Let me know what happens, and I will do my best to respond as I have free time.
Stay safe Amy.
Chapter 157
+25 BONUS
Rowan
1 closed my eyes as I shut my laptop. What the heck was happening? I shook myself as I packed my laptop away in my bag and headed to eat.
I filled my tray because I was on edge after this morning. I sat down with my food and barely had a free breath before a few girls sat down with me.
Instantly, my back was up. I slowly looked around to see who was sitting with me and I tilted my head in confusion. There was the girl I met in the bathroom, Hanna There was Wendy and a few of the other girls I had met through interactions through Nina, I stared at Wendy and she smiled.
“Do you mind if we join you?” Her question was soft, but hopeful.
“No. I don’t mind.” I sat back and looked at the five girls now sitting with me. “What’s going on?”
A few laughed. Wendy pointed to herself and smiled. “I just want to be your friend.”
Hanna nodded along. “Me too. It’s not every day you meet a new friend in the bathroom, but here wee are.
I turned to look at the three girls who I didn’t know. “You are?”
“Thora.” A full figured wolf with blue eyes and dark hair turned to me. She was one of the girls I saw with Nina in the caff the first night. One of the girls, Nina, tried to lie and say she gave them money. “I don’t like liars.” She lifted her shoulder. “I was never a big Nina fan, but she was a high–ranking wolf. My father gave me instructions to befriend higher ranked wolves.” She grimaced. “That sounds horrible, but he just wants what is best for me. Him and my mom are unranked.”
I nodded my understanding. “Your a gamma, right?” She nodded. “I get it. Especially parents that give birth to higher ranked pups. They are worried that you are going to be looked down on because of them. So they tell befriend higher ranks.”
you to
Thora nodded along and I could see the relief. “I told Nina, and all she did was bash my parents. But she couldn’t turn me away.”
“Why not?”
“Because my alpha’s son is single. She doesn’t want to chance insulting the gamma who will be in charge of her safety in the future.”
###Next D 158
Chapter 158
Chapter 158
‘And you?” I turned to another girl, one that had to walk back to the campus naked.
Micca.” “The tint red head turned to me and smiled. “Nina used her status as an alpha to command that I follow her. I’m a beta from a neighbouring pack and my father asked me to stay on friendly terms with her.” “Why?” I rubbed my forehead. This was all insane. Why does this she–wolf have so much sway over people? “Probably because I’m a female beta, which means I’ll more than likely transfer out of my pack when I meet my mate. It’s really rare that a male beta transfers in. And he doesn’t want me to get on the bad side of any luna I could have to serve. He told me to be friendly with all ranked females, for,” she made quotes with her fingers. “An easier transfer.”
I snorted and turned to the last girl. This one was stunning. Dark skin, dark eyes, and braids down her back. She nodded once and pushed a braid out of her face. “Toya.” I watched her eyes darken a bit before she shook herself. I have nothing to do with Nina.” She squared her shoulders.“Your father saved my pack. Your pack protected our borders as they collected the women and children, and he accepted my pack onto his lands, requiring nothing in exchange.” The rest of the group grew silent. But I nodded.
“My father is a good alpha. And if we have the ability to help, we will”
She nodded. “That is exactly what my father said about him”
“Was the attack bad?” Micca asked.
But Toya shook her head. “Alpha Gavin sent his warriors to our small pack when they were spotted a good distance away. They were able to get everyone out.” She turned back to me. “You father has made sure everyone was safe. But he has ensured that anything that needed to go to the pack went through my father, their alpha.” “Of course. My father is the alpha of his own pack, and wouldn’t want to step on anyone’s toes. No one knows your pack better than their alpha. And my father understands that. I am almost certain that if there is more than one alpha there, then they have a mini tribunal to discuss any issues and then each alpha takes the solution back to their pack so they don’t lose any face or status.”
Toya smiled. “That is exactly what they do. There are five alphas on your pack lands now, and every day, they get together and have a meeting.”
I looked and clapped my hands. “Sounds about right.” I focused back on Toya. “So you came here…?”
“Because I want to know the girl of the man that saved my family and see exactly what kind of person she is. If she is a person who I would be happy to know and follow instead of other she–wolves who make me want to stab myself in the eye with a metal spike.”
I threw my head back and laughed, and the others followed suit. “I think that is something we can all agree with. Some people, especially ones higher in rank, can be mind numbingly annoying.”
Toya relaxed and nodded. “Exactly.”
“What the fuck are you doing here?” I wanted to roll my eyes.
I shook my head. “We pressed our luck.”
Nina stomped her foot. “What are you even taking about? And I asked you a question. What the hell are you all doing here?”
I hung my head before I turned around to face Nina and the few lackeys she gathered this time. “We were talking about high–ranking wolves that are so mind numbingly annoying you would rather stick a spike of metal in your
+25 BONUS
Chapter 158
eye than have to be their friends, and like we summoned you, here you are.” I gestured to her with my hand.
“Shut up!” She shrieked. “I wasn’t talking to you.” She turned back to the others. “Why are you three here?”
Wendy smiled. “I’m here because Amy is my friend.”
Hanna nodded, but Nina rolled her eyes. “No one gives a fuck about your two. You are unranked no bodies.” She pointed to Toya, Micca, and Thora. “Why are you here?”
Toya was the one who turned. “Who are you to question me?” Nina’s face grew red. “We are the same rank, so you can fuck right off with your attitude.” Toya settled back into the chair. “If you must know, Amy’s father saved my pack, and I wanted to meet the daughter of the man that put his own pack at risk for my small pack.”
Nina scoffed. “Only a fool would risk his pack for a smaller, weaker pack.” She crossed her arms.
“And that right there shows me you will never understand or change.” Toya shook her head in disgust.
C
###Next D 159
hapter 159
+25 BONUS
Chapter 159
“What does that even mean?” Nina rolled her eyes. “And what does that have to do with you being here with her?”
Toya slapped the table, stood, and whirled. “It means you are a selfish vapid alpha and the man that is stuck mating you will either be just as ignorant and unworthy as you, or he earned a punishment from the goddess herself.”
Nina reeled back. “What?”
“No one chooses to be your friends Nina. Not unless they are just as cruel and annoying as you are. We are all told by our parents to deal with you because of your rank and nothing else.” Toya spun back and sank into her chair. Nina blinked back what looked to be tears. “Thora? Micca?
Micca turned to her. “I’m a beta, and keeping open and decent connections with all alphas is a good career move for me.”
“You can’t be both of our friends.” Nina glared and pointed at me. “It’s her or me. Make your choice.”
Micca stared at her for a few seconds before she sat back down. “I guess I’m choosing her.” Micca nodded towards me and I smirked and nodded back.
Nina shrieked again as she stomped her foot again like a toddler. “Thora?”
Thora sighed and just glared at her from across the table. “Don’t do this Nina.”
“Do what? Think my friends should have my back against the bitch that is taking everything from me.”
I turned to face her at that. “I’m sorry. What have I taken from you?”
Nina turned to me. “What?”
I turned my entire chair to face her. “I need you to explain this to me. What have I taken from you? Honestly? I have just been focused on my own classes. I haven’t initiated any meeting between us. I have just been keeping my
head down.”
Nina shook her head as she rolled her eyes. “The money-”
“That you lied about.” Her glare was instant, but I just shrugged. “I don’t understand how that is even my fault. You took the accomplishments of another wolf without realizing that it would come out somehow. I wasn’t even the one to call you out or anything. I was very content staying anonymous.”
“Wait..you were the anonymous donor of the ten grand on thy food card?” Toya turned to face rue and I just nodded.
Nina looked like she was going to interrupt, but Wendy jumped in. “My mom works in the office and she had me come in to hep load all the new cards. It totaled over three million dollars.”
“What?” Everyone at the table turned. Toya looked back at Nina. Her eyes narrowed as she spoke. much money?”
Why was it so
Wendy took a drink of her smoothie before answering, “Because Amy did it for every student who didn’t meet the basic amount to live for food and textbooks for the semester.” Wendy turned to face Nina and I could see the glee behind her eyes. “My mom said that Am y was upset that students would have to work to support themselves while they should be focusing on their studles.”
Toya and Micca turned to Nina. But it was Toya that actually spoke up. “You said you father donated your close friends. You convinced us that we should help you out if there were
in
Chapter
say, another wolf.” Toya turned to me and grimaced.
“You lied?” Thora’s voice was soft with disbelief.
+25 BONUS
Nina groaned in frustration. “Yes, I lied. So what?” She threw up her hands. “It was a golden opportunity that I was always taught to take advantage of” She flipped her hair and then turned to me, “Who knew it would come out that it was you that donated the money?”
I lifted my shoulder. “I wanted to remain anonymous. I didn’t want people to feel obligated to me for something that should be included with their tuition.” I looked over my nails. “Not everyone is looking to cash in on others‘ misfortune.”
“Nina” Thoras‘ voice was soft. “I think you should leave.
“What?” Nina screeched. “You don’t get to tell me what to do. You a fucking gamma.
“You’re right. I am a gamma. A first gamma. And one that might be in charge of protecting you life in what ever pack you end up in.” Thora left the unspoken threat in the air.
Nina leaned over the table and got in her face. “You aren’t stupid enough to threaten an alpha, are you gamma? Nina’s eyes flashed and I could feel her aura come out and Nix pushed forward.
“I would think long and hard about using your rank against the people sitting at my table pup.” I let Nix take over enough to shift my eyes and fangs. Nina froze and turned to face me. But Nix was already releasing our aura.
Chapter Ted
+25 BONUS
Chapter 160
###Next D 160
Chapter 160
Nina dropped to her knees as I slowly got to my feet. She growled softly as I turned to face her. “The thing is, Nina. That I’m the stronger alpha.” I rolled my head on my shoulders. “Now I don’t say that to brag, just to state the obvious.” I finally looked at the girl that was on the ground and knelt. “I also won’t stand for you to bully any of my people.”
“They are my people,” Nina growled, but I just tsked her.
wolves.”
“Not anymore.” Nix came closer to the surface and our voices combined. “I’ve claimed these v
“You can’t claim an alpha.” Nina tried to look up.
“I technically can’t claim any of them, but I have.” I patted her head. “I don’t want or need to have an alpha on the floor in front of me. But I need you to realize that I will not be pushed around. I am not your normal prey and I will not bow down to you.”
“You will.” She whispered it, but I caught her words.
So I got lower, and I whispered directly to her. “Even if you are selected by the council to become the mate of the king, I still won’t bow down to you. And there is no way for you to make me.”
Her head snapped up to meet mine. “That’s treason.”
I shook my head. “That’s honesty. One the king will agree with. The strongest wolves bow down to no one, especially a weaker wolf. If you are blessed to be his mate, he would understand there will be wolves who won’t bow to you because you are weak. In power, in aura, in disposition. You carry no weight, no ambition other than to mate the king, and no drive to make a difference. My wolf will not recognize you as the Luna Queen anymore, then you would recognize a beta as higher than you.”
A few of the ladies at the table covered their mouths in disbelief. But Nina looked at me as if she could kill me. She would. “When he’s mine, I’ll make him punish you for saying this.”
I laughed. “If he is the kind of man to do that, then he’s not worthy of being king either.” Everyone drew in a breath. I was bordering on revolt. I picked up my phone and called Rowan. I clicked the speaker button and waited until the call connected.
“What’s wrong?” His voice was deep, and I watched Nina tremble.
“I was saying things that might come back to bite me in the ass, so I figured I should have you on the phone when I said this again so it can’t be used against me.” I looked down at my phone.
His voice was confused, but he slowly answered. “Okay?”
#50,
to catch you up on the situation. I was having a pleasant lunch with my new friends, and then Nina came to bug us. She has stated more than once that she is going to be your mate, something about the council selecting her.” I knew he couldn’t agree or disagree, so I pushed on. But my wolf said something and I agree with her.”
“Alpha Amy, with everything going on, I’m going to need you to cut to the chase.” His voice was tight. I would ask him about it later..
“Of course Alpha Rowan.” I watched as Nina smirked. “Nina tried to command my friends and my wolf wouldn’t stand for it. She is a weaker wolf, and she refuses to bow down or recognize her as an equal.“.
“Okay. I still don’t understand how that has to do with me.
I wanted to smirk now, but I pushed on. “I told her even if he became the next Luna Queen, I wouldn’t bow down to her, as my wolf would still rank higher than her in everything except being your mate.”
Chapter 160
+25 BONUS
“Oh, she did, did she?“.
“Yes. My wolf is a powerful alpha and will refuse to bow down to anyone she finds unworthy, and that won’t change.”
“And it shouldn’t. Wolves have to earn rank and respect and my mate, either found or selected, will be the same. She will not be given power like some weaker lunas are. We live by Lycan rules in my pack. Every ounce of respect ad power is eared.”
Now I couldn’t hold back my smirk as I watched the color drain from Nina’s face. “Now this is the part I wanted to confess directly to you, as it could be used against me.”
“Go on.” Rowan’s voice had warmed up. He was obviously amused by the situation.
“I apologize in advance, but I said that if you punished me for not bowing down to your weak mate, then you yourself are not worthy of being king”
###Next D 161
Chapter 161
The words hung the air. One of the girls at the table whispered, “I can’t believe she called him and said it directly to him.”
Another scoffed. “She is against her?”
hart. Would you rather Nina had that in her back pocket, willing to warp it and use i 
Rowan’s voice was holding back a laugh, and he cleared his voice. “Let me get this right. You called me, your king, to tell me that you said that if I punished you for not bowing down to my nonexistent weak mate, that you would what rebel?”
“No. Not rebel. Just not respect or follow you lead.”
He snorted out a laugh. “Amy, why are you wasting my time?”
“While I can appreciate your busy schedule. I figured it was a smart move to explain the situation directly to you, so that in the future, no one could use my words against me to you.” I crouched down in front of Nina again. Plus, I respect you enough to say my feelings to your face. Or on a call.”
He snorted, and then I could hear him clear his voice again. Thank you, Alpha Amy, for explaining the situation. But I agree with your assessment of the situation. Any alpha that commands or demands respect for himself or his mate is a weak ruler. If you can’t earn your respect, then you don’t get the respect. End of story.”
I heard a voice in the background. “You can’t mean that, Alpha. What if the mate we selected for you is weak?”
“Then I wish you the best of luck trying to convince my wolf to accept the girl. As I said, Gerald, I will not go against my wolf in this. Find me a mate that he agrees to, or I will stay unmated until my goddess given mate shows up, as expected for a king.”
The words seem to deflate Nina. “But you need an heir.” The words sounded if someone was scolding Rowan and Nix did not like it.
She took control faster than I could hold her. “Am I on speaker King?”
There was a pause and Rowan’s voice sounded further away “You are now, but who are you?”
He was a smart man. “I am Amy’s wolf.” Nix pushed. “I could not sit idle when I heard the man scold you,”
I heard a snort and then a hesitant voice came from the other call. “Excuse me?”
“I do not know who you are, but I will say this once. You speak to your king with respect and the reverence he deserves or I will track you down and ensure you know the error of your ways.”
There was a quick inhale, and Rowan cleared his throat. “We just spoke of respect is earned by the wolf.”
“We did.” Nix answered back. “But there is a line. I can only assume this wolf is in the council, the one that was in place by your father. And that he expects you to turn to him for his ideas and council, and he has let that get to his head.” There was another choking sound on the other end I will not demand respect for you, my king, but I will ensure that a wolf, no matter the rank, understands that there is a line he should not cross. He turned his back on the goddess herself when decided he could select the next Lana Queen, instead of allowing you to wait for your mate. Not only is he putting himself above the king and the future queen, but he is trying to usurp the position of Eoddess.”
“What?” Rowan sounded confused 
“I wonder why the council has decided that now, they can select who you mate, and when you should have children. Is it due to actual worry? Or something more sinister? A weak queen and young impressionable
pups are
161
25 BONUS
easily manipulated when the king is too busy over seeing a war with rogues. Do you not agree?” 1
The silence on the other end was deafening. “King, you must know that our intentions are only for the continuance of your line.” The man stammered.
But Rowan’s silence stretched on “Amy…I have to go.” His quick dismissal was surprising but understandable.” Thank you for calling me, but I have a lot of things to discuss with my council.”
“I understand.” I clicked the end button and turned back to Nina. “Well, I guess your mating might not be as secure as you thought.” I had tucked my aura away as the phone call started and Nix, after saying her peace, receded, leaving me, staring down at Nina.
She surged to her feet. “You bitch.” I pointed at myself and she shrieked again. “You think you have won something, but the king has already agreed to finding a mate by goddess bond? He can’t get out of it.” She laughed
as she turned away. “You haven’t won shit.” Then she left with her group of girls following her.
###Next D 162
Chapter 162
There was a silence that descended over the table while we finished our meal. We all we a little shell–shocked about everything.
Then Wendy turned to me and leaned in. “You have the king’s phone number?”
Her comment broke the silence, and we all laughed. I waved my hands in the air. “It’s nothing. All alphas get his number.”
Toya cut a look at me from the comer of her eyes. “I don’t have his number.”
I nodded. “Your father does.” She nodded. “I got his number because during the summer there was an emergency that I needed to request permission from the council to protect my pack, and my father was out of commission. My father’s beta gave me the number, and the King told me to keep it.” I shrugged it off. “I figured, after what I said, I would rather he heard it from myself, that Nina. There is no telling how she would have twisted it.” ”
Everyone nodded and Thora opened her mouth, but the announcement tone came over the speakers. Before she could continue her thought, Alpha Vince’s voice came over the speaker.
“Students. There is a meeting in the auditorium that is mandatory attendance. We will check everyone in. So do not skip it. If you skip it, you are automatically expelled. It starts in thirty minutes.” The click of the speaker disconnecting was like a gunshot. Everyone stood in a rush.
“There is no way they can check everyone in within thirty minutes.” Hanna’s wide eyes were scared. “I can’t get expelled. My family used their life savings to get me here.”
“Come on. We will get there. We can come back for our trays, or the staff can dump everything. Let’s go.”
We rushed through the school and joined the gisant line to get into the auditorium. Ever so slowly, the line moved and I could see everyone getting anxious.
I checked my phone and saw we had less than ten minutes to get inside. What the hell was taking so long? I turned to everyone. “Follow me. Something is wrong.” I headed to the front table where two women were working from tablets with four more off the side.
“Come on.” The first couple of students called, but I could see the tiny smirk that the lady at the desk was trying to hide.
“I’m sorry, the system is going so slow. I can’t seem to find your name.” Her voice and fake as concern had my hackles up instantly. 1
“Excuse me?” I pushed to the head of the line, and the woman snapped her eyes at me.
“Yes?”
“Why is this taking so long?”
“Because it is.” The second woman snickered
I felt my eyes narrow. “Why are you holding up the line?”
“I’m not.” She glared up at me. “You are.”
“I doubt that.”
“What’s your name? Since you feel you have the right to accuse me of delaying studente
“Ainy Maclean.”
+25 BONUS
Chacter 162
She scrolled on her tablet for a minute and then she stood up, pushing the chair back. “Alpha Amy. I’m so sorry. You can head right in.”
The guy at the front groaned. “Seriously?”
I turned to face him. “What’s wrong;
He just shook his head. “It’s nothing”
please. Tell me.” I smiled and tried my best to seem gentle.
“Alpha Amy. Please head inside. There is no need for you to slum it with the riffraff.” The woman touched my arm and my head snapped to her and my eyes flashed. 1
“Did I say you could touch me?”
She stammered. “No, I just don’t want you to be late.”
I turned back to the man. “What’s happening?”
“I’ve been here for almost five minutes. Any time a ranked wolf comes up to check, she finds their name instantly and allows them in, but she still hasn’t found my name.”
I turned back to her and snatched the tablet. “What’s your name?”
“Hey.” she weakly protested. The second woman watched with fear on her face.
“Edward Canto.” I saw that the list was alphabetical by first names. I scrolled to E and there he was. I turned back to the woman and I let my aura slip out. “Are you purposefully holding these students out here, and before you open your mouth, tell me the truth.” I watched her fight the command, so she was a high level wolf. I released my full aura and asked again. “Tell me the truth. Now!”
She dropped to the ground with her face pressed to the floor. “Yes. These last few years unranked wolves have become a virus that has been taking over this school. When Alpha Vince said those not in attendance were going to be expelled, this seems like a golden opportunity. And I wasn’t going to let it go to waste.” Her vitriol against unranked wolves was disgusting
Chapter 163
###Next D 163
Chapter 163
I turned to face the second woman. “And you?”
She paled as she dropped to her lances. “I listened to her because she is my luna.” She pressed herself to the floor, and I wanted to step on her.
I dropped low. “What pack are you from?”
“The Dark Forest pack.” The girls behind me all took a breath. But I threw my head back and laughed.
“You have got to be fucking kidding me.” I tucked my aura away and waited for the two to get up.
“What?” The luna sat back on her heels.
“You are the smallest, and poorest pack and you feel you have to right to judge anyone?” I held out my hand.
“What did you just say?” The luna released her weak aura, but I used my own to block hers from reaching anyone
else.
“I said your pack is weak, poor, and disgusting. Because it breeds women like you who think that just because they are ranked in your own pack, you hold rank among the others. Now give me those fucking tablets so I can get these students where they need to be. And believe me, I will be speaking not only to Vince about this, but to the council as well.”
“They won’t do anything.” She scoffed.
“They might not…but King Rowan doesn’t look kindly on this kind of thing.” My treat hung in the air and I watched the color drain from her face. My threat hit the mark and the two women handed over the tablets, and then I gestured to the other four. “Open them.” They complied, and I handed them out. Then turned to the crowd. I sent out my aura and called out. “Silence.” The room quieted down. “To ensure the fastest check in possible, we will each call out a name in alphabetical order. Starting with the names that start with A. Make way for the people coming up. I want everyone to run up as fast as they can to check in and then move on. Is that understood?”
There was a chorus of yeses, and then I lined the girls up. I gave them an order to call out and then we got started. We called name after name and checked them is as fast as we could. Thankfully, the app for attendance we were using the name disappeared once the person was checked in. The longest part of everything was waiting for everyone to run up.
I checked the time, and we weren’t going o make it. So I mind linked Vince.
Alpha Vince.
Yes Amy?
Did you select the ladies working the check–in desk?
Yes, I did. Why?
Did you give them instructions to exclude as many unranked wolves to get them expelled?
There was a long pause, and then his answer was too cheerful. Of course not. Why would I do that?
Good. Then I expect you to extend the check in time.
Walt. I
Wait. I can’t do that. Vince sputtered.
Why not?
+25 BONUS
Chapter 163.
Because I made the announcement, whoever doesn’t make will be expelled.
So you are telling me you are going to expel a gamma beta and two alphas? My voice was incredulous.
What do you mean? They were given explicit instructions to allow every ranked wolf in before the unranked?
So you told them to exclude unranked wolves. I could feel my anger rising.
I pulled out my phone and I called Rowan again..
“Amy, I am really busy here.”
“I understand and I apologize for calling you again, but if you do nothing, you will need to appoint a new dean and I will have to be imprisoned for murder.“1″
He coughed and then refocused on me. “Tell me what he did.”
“There is an assembly today for an announcement.”
“I know. I’m here inside waiting for everyone to be seated.”
“Well I am outside, checking in wolves as fast as I can because Vince made an announcement saying that any wolf not checked in by.” I looked at my phone. “Now, will get expelled. And the Luna and her wolf that were checking us in were purposefully ignoring the unranked wolves, hoping to get them all expelled.”
“What did you just say?” His voice dropped three octaves and goosebumps hit my skin.
“There are at least a hundred and fifty left out here with me. I also have another alpha, a beta, a gamma and two unranked wolves, with me helping check everyone in. But when I mind linked Vince to tell him about it, he said he couldn’t change the order of expulsion. He also said he had told the luna of the Dark Forest pack to allow in ranked wolves first and then allow in unranked members.” I looked at the rest of the people in front of me. “He did this on purpose and if I handle it, there will be bloodshed.”
###Next D 164
Chapter 164
I didn’t realize that everyone was staring at me until I disconnected the call. I turned back to everyone and just huffed out a breath. “Keep checking everyone in.”
“It’s too late.” Wendy was almost in tears.
“No. This king will handle it.” I was certain of that,
“Are you sure?” Hanna grabbed my hand and I nodded.
“I am.” So we all turned back and kept checking people in.
“Alpha Amy?” Someone we checked in called back to us.
“Yes,”
“The doors are locked.” Everyone froze and then one girl started to sob.
“Please. Everyone.” I raised my hands, waving the tablet in my hand. “I swear to you that you will not be expelled.”
“You can’t promise that.” Someone called out, and the room erupted in to crying.
“Listen.” I raised my hands. “There is very little I promise as I can never guarantee the future. But I swear to you that no one will be expelled.‘
Toya stepped up next to me. “Amy is correct. We won’t allow this to go unchecked.” Toya shook her head.
We finished checking everyone in and we waited. I went to the door and I pounded on it. Then waited some more. I then called my father. “Daddy?”
“Hey pup. What’s wrong?”
“Vince.” It was my only answer before his growl sounded loudly through the speaker.
“What has he done?”
“Expelled me. Well, me and about a hundred and fifty others. He targeted unranked wolves. I called Rowan and I know he is handling it, but I was hoping you can put some pressure ion the council.”
“What do you mean?”
“Toya daughter of the…” I trailed off and looked to her and she smiled.
“Lightstone pack.”
“Toya, the daughter of the Lightstone alpha, has also been expelled because of his idiotic rules. Can you call the council and threaten to pull funding from the school and also the council?”
I heard an intake of breath. But my father howled in laughter. “Smart pup. Smart.” I heard him pick up the office phone. He was silent for a few seconds before he called out Council member Alpha Theo, please.” There was another break as I waited to hear anything. “Councilman Theo, thank you for taking my call. Yes, yes, you are very welcome for the funding I sent for the third quarter. That is exactly one reason I called.” There was a pause with a muffled voice on the other line.
‘Daddy, I can’t hear.” There was a click and the councilman’s voice came from the speaker.
“What can I help you with, Alpha Gavin?”
Chapter 161
+25 BONUS
“I heard the council and the king are at Lycus University today to deliver the information that the alphas have decided upon.”
“Yes, we are. The assembly is about to start.”
“Well, it better not start until all the students are accounted for.” There was a threat in my father’s voice. And I heard the man gulp.
“What ever do you mean?”
“Do not play dumb Theo. I know there are over a hundred and fifty kids that are outside the auditorium. I also know Vince threatened to expel them.”
“Gavin…its isn’t like that. They were given a timeline.”
“I’m going to make this fucking simple, Theo. Open those fucking doors or I pull all of my funding. The funding for the school, for the council, and all the bullshit I support
“You can’t mean that…”
“Oh I do.” My father’s voice dropped low. “My daughter is out there and so is the daughter or the Lightstone pack.”
“They were supposed to be inside.”
My father paused and his voice dropped even lower. “I’m going to make this very simple, Theo. I know you aren’t dumb enough to work with Vince to expel unranked wolves because of your fucking prejudice. I know you aren’t stupid enough to lose the four point seven billion dollars I donate per year. And I know you aren’t dumb enough to be moving against the Lycan king behind our backs.” The line grew silent,
“The king just came into the room. I have to go.” But before he could hang up the phone, I heard Rowan’s voice boom
“What the fuck do you think you are doing here? Get those fucking doors open now before I kill every one of you for treason and rebellion.” There were gasps around the room and someone started stammering. “You do not get to expel anyone from this school. You are the fucking dean that oversees the every day happenings around here but the decisions are mine to make and mine alone.” Then there was a sound as if his hands were hitting the table. “Now let me remind you that you are my council, but you do not fucking make decisions either. You council me, but again I decide. What you are doing is treason and I will handle it as I see fit, unless you fucking open doors and let those wolves in.” His voice dropped lower. “Now.”
###Next D 165
Chapter 165
Chapter 165
The call dropped, and a few seconds later, the doors opened Vince was fuming as he stood there. Hand clenched around the door handle. “Get inside now.” His voice was low, but no one moved.
I pushed through the crowd and smiled as I touched everyone’s shoulders. I made it to the door and met Vince’s eyes. I could tell he was livid, but I just smiled. I turned to the crowd, giving Vince my back, and I raised my voice. File inside and find a seat. Like I said before, no one is getting expelled.” Everyone moved at that. One by one they passed me and they bowed before moving past me into the auditorium.
“You will regret this.” Vince’s voice was low, But I heard the words he didn’t want me to hear.
I turned and faced him. I tilted my head as I let Nix come to the surface. “For a weaker alpha to threaten me and my wolf, it takes a lot of courage.”
His eyes widened as I stared him down. “Did you just say I was a weaker alpha?” His voice barely contained his
rage. 
EL
I leaned in so that he was the only one that would hear me.” Vince. We both know you are the weaker alpha.” I pulled back and smiled. “And if you pull something like this again, then I’ll do to you what I did to another wolf that was abusing her power.” I smirked as I saw his face paled. He knew what I was talking about. An interesting fact I would tuck away for now.
His voice trembled before he cleared it. “What did you do?”
I leaned in again. “The she–wolf was abusing the tiny bit of aura she had by commanding wolves. She had no right to command. If you want to abuse your power like she was, then the punishment will be the same.”
“What was her punishment?” His question was low, but I could tell by his eyes he already knew.
“That she could never command another wolf again.” I pulled back as he trembled.
“I’m an alpha in charge of a pack. You can’t do that to me.” His voice steadied. Like his words would affect my decision.
“If you abuse your power, if you try to ruin other wolves‘ lives all because you are prejudiced, then why can’t I?” I put my hands behind my back and smiled. “You already did half the work for me.”
“What do you mean?” He is like a broken record, asking the same questions over and over.
“If I remove an alpha, I would need a replacement, but you already have Brandon. He can step in to take over the pack from you if you become worthless.” I turn and head inside.
“Why do you hate me?” His question had my foot stalling, and I turned to look at him over my shoulder.
“I don’t hate you Vince, not at all.” That was a lie, but I couldn’t push him away. I needed him close. “I just think, as alpha’s, we need to set an example for the lower ranked or unranked wolves we care for. We need to be above petty squabbles and do our best to care for every wolf under us, regardless of rank. What happened here today was disgusting. If the council urged you to do this, then you should have gone to the king and allowed him to take care
of iL
His eyes widened, and he lept at the out I was giving him. They said I shouldn’t tell him.” He stepped closer to me and grabbed my hand. I wanted to pull away and go wash, but I held it in. “They threatened our pack.”
“Well, next time, if they forbid you from going to the king, you can do what I did.” I faced him. I wasn’t going to tell him I went to Rowan. “I called my dad, and he called the council and the King”
“You didn’t call the king yourself?”
15 
Chapter 165
+25 BONUS
I let my mouth drop open. “I’m just a student here. He was only in my class a few times before he disappeared. We don’t have the relationship that I can call him directly.” I laughed. “I wish.” I allowed my eyes to go misty. “But he is the king, and I am nowhere near his level.”
Vince’s eyes tightened. “Nina told me you called the king.”
I threw back my head and laughed. “My father’s idea. He knows that the other alpha females around here are all trying to compete for his hand.” I leaned in to Vince. Like he was my ally. “So I call my father and I pretend it is the King. That way, they leave me alone,”
“That is almost treason.” A deep voice came from behind me and Vince and I froze as we turned to face Rowan. 2
Chapter 166
###Next D 166
Chapter 166
I winked as I face him, and I watched his mouth turn up on one side. I dropped to my knees quickly and bowed.” I’m sorry, my king, but it is the only way the other she wolves leave me alone. They all seem to think that because you were my teacher for a few classes that you favor me, and they are jealous.”
Rowan rubbed his face, hiding the smirk that graced his lips. “Get up. I will address the students later, but Vince, we need to talk.” I got to my feet and bowed again.
“Then I will take my leave.” I turned to leave, but Rowan grabbed my arm.
“We will speak about this later, alone.” I nodded my head.
“Of course, my king.” I felt him tremble as I said those words, then he let me go and I walked into the auditorium. 1) I turned behind the door and hid in the shadows to listen to the conversation between Rowan and Vince.
“Tell me the truth Vincent, you colluded with the council to expel over a hundred and fifty unranked wolves from the school my father created.” Rowan growled deeply. “The very school he created for the exact purpose of having ranked and unranked wolves taught together to create a more cohesive pack.”
“I don’t know what you mean, my king.” Vince Stammered and Rowan growled again. I heard steps and then a
whine.
“Do not play dumb Vince. You studied here yourself. You know exactly the environment my father curated, the cohesiveness he demanded from his wolves. And yet here you are today, spitting in his legacy.” Rowan was pissed.
Vince’s voice trembled. “No, I swear that wasn’t my intention.”
“Then what was?”
“The council told me to make the timeline, and to prioritize the ranked wolves. Otherwise, how could I make that kind of decision on my own? I am an alpha, but I don’t make decisions.”
I wanted to snort. He took my bait. I gave him an out and he would remember I gave it to him. Even subconsciously. Instead of being squashed by the king, he will skirt this punishment but pushing it onto the council that the king is already angry with.
I knew I should feel bad about giving him this out, but it was necessary for my long–term plan. I needed to convince Vince that I was giving Brandon a chance in a few years, Ruining him now wasn’t in my cards, but he had to try to pull this bull so early.
“The council made you do this?” Even I could hear the disbelief in Rowan’s voice. He wasn’t believing anything that was coming out of Vince’s mouth. I pulled out my phone and shot a quick text to him.
Amy- Rowan, I need you to pretend to believe him that the council forced him to do this.
I can tell you why later, but let him off the hook for now.
I waited unter
I heard his phone chime twice.
Vince used his distraction to beg “Yes, my king. I don’t know what they have against the unranked wolves, but how could I say no to the council? I thought they were worlding under your command.”
Rowan must have read my texts, because he snorted.
Rowan- This better be good.
Amy- I swear it is.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 160
Rowan growled again. “You thought I wanted you to kick out unranked wolves from my school? Have you ever seen me treat anyone different?”
“No, my king, but everyone has their own opinion of things behind closed doors. Who am I to assume I know how you feel?”
“Never do this again. Do you understand me? Council or not you do not get to make any decision regarding my school again. You lost every ounce of power that you had with this stunt. You can thank the council for it.”
“My king. I need some ability to make decisions to run the school properly.” Vince started, but Rowan took a few steps and growled.
“You lost everything. You are lucky I don’t kill you and put your son in your place.”
I heard Vince swallow from here, and I nearly died laughing I covered my mouth to hold it in.
“My king-”
“My king nothing. You lost every right today. You are lucky that you have been a puppet for my rebellious council and not the mastermind. I will deal with this the same as I would deal with an attack. Because that is what this was, an attack from within. And I won’t stand for it.” Rowan must have leaned closer. “Do you understand me, Alpha Vince?”
“Yes, my king.” I heard his voice tremble and then some movement. I had to hurry to find a seat. I had just sat down next to Hanna as the two of them came in.
###Next D 167
Chapter 167
+25 BONU 
1 kept my eyes straight ahead as Rowan and Vince stormed by. I felt someone’s eyes hit me, but I pretended not to notice. If it was Rowan, we will talk later. If it was Vince, I didn’t want to meet his eyes.
Hanna leaned closer to me and whispered, “What the hell was that?”
“I wish I knew. But something serious is going on.” I kept my face blank and my voice low. I wanted to be open and honest with her, but I barely knew her. And while I felt like I could trust her, to lay everything out for her, I would need to be sure.
“I understand.” Hanna gave a tiny nod and then we focused on the king walking on to the stage.
He was followed by three others and Vince. He was still pissed. I could see it in his face. His eyes were tight, and even though he was wearing a smile, I could see the predator behind his mask. His wolf was close to the surface.
“Ladies and gentleman, please let’s settled down. Today has turned a little sideways and now we have more than one thig to address today.” Rowan raised his hands and waited until the murmurs died down. “Thank you.” “What the fuck happened today?” Someone from the crowd called out. The outrage was evident in their voice.
Rowan closed his eyes. “Okay. Let’s deal with today first.”
Others called out from the crowd. “If we were expelled, would we have gotten our tuition back?”
“Why were unranked wolves targeted?”
“Why do you hate us so much?” The last call was from a female and I watched it land like a punch. Rowan reeled back and turned to glare at the others on stage.
“First, I would like to apologize for everything that happened today. Nothing that took place today was sanctioned by me. I will step back and allow the ones who orchestrated it all to step up and answer your questions.” Rowan stepped back from the mic and then unleashed his aura. Even away from the microphone, we all could hear him command the men on stage. “Step forward and answer their questions honestly. And hope they have better temperaments than I do, as they will decide your fate.”
The three men stepped forward and glared at us from the stage. I swear I could feel their eyes searching the crowd for someone, and I knew without a doubt it was me.
One of the crowd called out the first question again. “What the fuck happened today?”
One man stepped forward. He was still spry in his old age, but his back was bent slightly and his hair was completely white. “Today we came for an announcement.”
“I don’t care what you came here for. I want to know why you targeted unranked wolves for expulsion.” The angry voice called back.
The old man stiffened. “I don’t-”
“I advise you to tell the truth, Yarow.” Rowan growled. “Actually,” Rowan turned and unleashed his full aura, it was insane and everyone on stage dropped to the ground and whined. “I command you to tell the truth. If you do not, your wolf will go into hibernation for five years.”
The crowd gasped. Five years. That was an excruciating long time to be without your wolf after–spending a lifetime together. No shifting, no talking, just silence. It’s aid that a wolf can go insane in a year, and the human within two. Rowan has condemned them to insanity and the death,
Yarrow pushed up from the ground once Rowan tucked his aura away. “You can’t mean that, my king.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 167
“But I do.” Rowan looked to the crowd. “You are a part of my council and you are supposed to be fair and above the maneuvering I seen here today. You failed, and now you three face the punishments. And don’t for a second think I believe it was just you plan.” Rowan dropped into a crouch in front of him. “Now get the fuck up and answer them. I will handle the rest when we get back.”
The threat hung in the air until, one by one they stood, but no one answered the question. The three council members remained silent, and Rowan chuckled. He searched the crowd for me and as his eyes met mine; I saw them flash a frosty blue color, almost white. He was losing control.
So I yelled out. “If they are unwilling to answer the questions and receive the punishment for their crimes, just agree on capital punishment.”
we car
Rowan smirked as he stepped up to the microphone, but before he could say anything, Vince was next to him. ” Capital punishment?”
“Yes, going against the king is punishable by execution. Without trial.” Vince’s eyes met mine and I wanted to smile, but I had a role to play.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 168
###Next D 168
Chapter 168
Chapter 168
I made my voice quiver, and I did my best to pretend to be scared. “Please Alpha, I know you were just following orders. Tell the truth, I don’t want you to die.”
Vince sighed in relief, and Rowan nearly lost it. His eyes showed the smile he was desperately trying to hide. “Well Alpha Vince?” Rowan stepped closer to the other man and be towered over Vince.
“Alpha Rowan-”
“King Rowan.” Someone that sounded a lot like Nina called out, earning a smile from the king.
Vince stammered and then corrected himself. “King Rowan I am stuck between a rock and a hard place.” “Explain.” Rowan pulled up a chair from where they were off to the side of the podium. He positioned it facing Vince and then sat, crossing his arms.
“What?” Vince froze.
“Explain. You said you were trapped between a rock and a hard place. I want you to explain it to me.”
Vince’s mouth dropped open, and the three men started to fidget. Rowan raised a hand and motioned for Vince to start his explanation. “What? I mean, obviously, how can I go against you, my king?”
“So you remember I am your king?” Rowan’s voice boomed through the room, causing everyone to wince. “You remember I rule over you, not because I was appointed, but because I was chosen by the goddess. The last of the Lycans,”
Vince dropped to his knees and bowed. “I’m sorry. Please forgive me.”
Vince was playing his part well, but I noticed he was darting his eyes to the council, and I watched their reaction. One was shaking his head.
I leaned over and whispered something to Hanna. She pulled away and nodded. “My king, it seems the alpha has divided his loyalty between you and the council.”
Rowan looked back to the council members and growled, dropping them to their knees. “I will remind you, Vincent, one last time, that the council functions as a gamma and beta does for an alpha. They only have power that I allow them to have, and from now on, that is going to be zero.” Another gasp went through the crowd. The council had been in place before the last king died, and now Rowan was effectively saying he was going to disband
Vince bowed again. “I’m a fool. The council has been throwing their weight around to all the packs.” The crowd erupted, but Rowan raised his hands.
“Continue.”
“They have been using the attacks as leverage to getting the alphas to agree to their demands.”
I poked Wendy, who was sitting in front of me, and whispered in her ear. “Your pack hasn’t been attacked, though.”
I covered my face as Vince looked at whoever called out. “That’s true, but we are a big pack.”
Someone scoffed “Oakenfang is a medium–sized pack, and the biggest pack now, Silvermoon, has been attacked more times than we can count.” The voice was deep, but I didn’t recognize it.
Vince paled. His explanation was being torn rebuilding was enough.‘
part. “Well, the threat of attack without the council’s support for
+25 BONUS
Chapter 165
“Enough?” Rowan leaned in.
“He’s lying.” One of the council members tried to start, but Rowan silenced him with a raised hand.
“I will deal with you later.” Rowan glared at the member, who just nodded. “Enough of what?”
“A threat. They have been hounding me for the last week. When this decision was made by the alphas. They said that too many spots were taken by unranked wolves and if we were going to keep all of them here, then we should send the unworthy home.”
Rowan stood. “The unworthy?” His voice was deathly low, and his eyes had fully shifted. Grey fur, almost black, sprouted from his arms. “The unworthy?” He screamed. “ranked wolves are the very essence of our packs. They very wolves we, as alphas, were created to protect. They are the reason ranks even exist and yet you deem them unworthy?
“I, I, I, I.” He stammered over and over, but Rowan was livid.
“You are nothing without your pack. If all your unranked wolves left, you would lose your pack ranking and you would be branded as a lone wolf.” Vince paled. “If you don’t fucking understand that, and appreciate that fact, then I will ship your pack out and let you roam.” 
“Please, my King.” Vince begged, but someone stood up from the crowd.
“What did he mean by keeping us here?” He called out.
Rowan stood and made his way to the podium, growling until Vince moved out of the way. “Obviously, this isn’t how we planned this announcement to come out. But since the attacks have amped up, your families have agreed that instead of running two semesters and giving you the simmer off with breaks over yule and easter, that we would change it. ”
“To?” the same man asked.
“Full year round class until your degrees are done.” The silence that followed was heavy.
###Next D 169
Chapter 169
“What does that even means?” Someone called out.
“What’s going on?” A few students stood to their feet.
“Should we just go home?” Toya stood and started to the aisle.
“Calm down everyone.” Rowan stepped closer to the podium. “Let me explain it all.” Rowan turned to glare at the council members. “The attacks on all of our packs have become devastating. Some packs have been wiped out, and no, I will not tell you which packs they were. I will be going to those affected personally today.” A new hush fell over the crowd. Devastation hung in the air, but it was stunted. Everyone was terrified that they were about to learn that their families had disappeared.
I watched as almost everyone texted someone. “I’m not getting an answer.” Someone panicked and stood to run.
“Stay where you are. I told your families not to answer until I gave the all clear. I want to talk to those affected first. So please don’t panic. Also, smaller packs have been taken in by some of the larger packs. Not permanently, but as a precaution. This way, they can work together to protect all the wolves together. And the other benefits is that newer smaller packs get to see how bigger packs are run. The alphas can learn from each other.” quieted down and settle. “Now, back to the matter at hand. We have discussed it with every alpha and while some
Everyone
disagreed, the majority of them agreed with my sentiment. We don’t want to pull you from your studies. Nor stop new students from coming, but we have to focus on the war And other than shipping the new students in year, keeping you here makes the most sense. Not only will you continue to learn your selected fields, but you will
every also be safe. This school is in the middle of all the biggest packs and is the safest place for you all to be.” “But what about our homes?‘
Rowan nodded. “It’s going to be hard. Being away from your parents for two to four years, but it is necessary. This way you go back fully certified in your field, but also, you will be ready to help your pack.”
“What do you mean?”
10
“You all are young. And only a handful of you have lived through an attack. Only one of you actively participated and survived being mortally wounded in the attack. None of you, but maybe her, are ready to fight in this war.” “Who was it?”
“Someone was almost killed?” 
“How do we get ready?” The questions just kept coming and I could tell Rowan was still close to the edge, so 1
stood.
“Everyone, I understand everything we just heard is terrifying.” I reached down to my wolves and pulled out something I had never tried. Gammas have a secondary gift to support their lunas. They can amplify their calming effect to calm entire packs. So I connected to Nix to use her ability to calm wolves, and Megan to amplify the effect. “But, our king is still explaining everything and shouting out questions before he is finished can be, well, frustrating. With everything that has happened today, even am on edge. Can we wait until he has explained everything he needs to and then ask questions he hasn’t answered? This way, we streamline this whole meeting so that he can get to the most important part.”
“Oh, yeah?” Nina stood. “And what exactly is the important part? Talking to you?” She snorted, and I saw some others get amoyed, but I just leveled a look at her.
“No.” I shot out and had to take a breath to calm my anger, the crowd grew silent. “The important but, which you just mocked, is the King telling those of us that have lost everything, our new horrifying truth.” Nina paled, as if she forgot. “You can mock me all you want, Nina, but mocking the dead, that’s low. Even for someone as
+25 BONUS
Chapter 160
disgusting as you.
I watched the blow land as 1 sunk into my seat. The crowd of students burst into murmurs and Nina slunk away, moving to a different seat.
“Everyone. Please settle. Thank you Alpha Amy. As you said I have a lot to do today. Including handling the situation that happened today. So no Nina, I won’t have the to talk to Amy unless she lost her family.” His glare cut, but it was the councilmen glare at Nina that was surprising. She did something to go against them.
Interesting.
That would be something that I would have to look into later. And something I would talk to Rowan about. But now I refocused on my king and waited for all the answers, because I was also wondering what exactly he had planned.
Chapter 170
###Next D 170
Chapter 170
+25 BONUS 
‘Now to get back to you questions. Yes, there was an attack that injured someone here. She nearly died, but thankfully her wolf was strong enough to heal the damage. Even though the doctors thought she wouldn’t make it. Next, if the wolf wants it to be made public, I will say her name, but I will wait for her permission.” He glanced my way, but Nina stood.
“You can tell my story.” Her voice was soft, but I could tell she was proud.
“Nina.” Rowan started, but then a council member stepped up and smiled.
“Nina’s attack was harrowing.” He started. “She was a little girl when a rogue attacked her and her father.” The crowd gasped, but I watched Rowan grind his teeth. “We were all worried she wouldn’t wake up, but thankfully, her juvenile wolf was strong enough to heal the damage to her head.” There were a few claps, and I had to lift my fingers to my lips. 1
but this
This was Ninas big attack. Rowan turned to me and I gave a tiny nod. I would have kept quiet, but ridiculous. 1
was getting
“Councilmen Evan, that is a sweet story, but not the attack, in a way referring to.” Rowan turned to face the wolf and growled until he stepped back. “A fact I think you knew I’ll just add that to everything else I need to speak with you about.” The threat was there. “The attack I was actually talking about, Nina, if you would sit back down, was a large scale attack on Silvermoon. Alpha Amy was there for the summer and her father’s pack was attacked. According to the report, it was also her very first shift.” He gestured for me to stand. “Amy, if you could, please talk about the attack.”
I felt my eyes widen, and I stood. Of course, he would spring this on me. “We were in the middle of a pack meeting to discuss…pack business.” I hesitated, unsure of what I should say.
“What she is forgetting to explain is that she uncovered a conspiracy a she–wolf had put together to take over the pack. They were in the middle of sentencing and the accused had escaped.” Rowan called out.
“Escaped.” Nina scoffed. “How could you let her escape?”
I clenched my fists, “The accused had help. More help than was expected. She escaped at the same time a large scale attack happened by the rouges.”
“A large–scale attack?”
“Rogues work alone.” Nina tossed out.
“Hush pup. I will explain after her recount.” Rowan called out, and Nina paled.
“During the sentencing, while waiting for one suspect, I sentenced the first there. My wolf came out when she challenged me, and it was my first shift. Instead of running, as is expected of a first shift, a howl went out. Rogues were attacking, and we all had to move to protect our pack As my father and I ran, a second call went out. Somehow the rouges were attacking multiple areas at the same time. So we split up.” I heard Nina’s scoff, but ! pushed on. “I helped a family fight off a rouge and get their two pups to safety and then went on. I moved from one call to another and a pattern became clear. The rogues were targeting the females and pups. Then there was another call, but it was more panicked, so I headed that way and two pups were standing over what I thought were the lifeless bodies of their parents facing three rogues. I sent them to safety as I attacked.”
“You faced off three rogues?” Nina scoffed again, but this time, Rowan growled.
“Alpha Nina. No one Interrupted as your ‘attack‘ was told. Shut your mouth.” There were a few chuckles as Rowan
used air quotes around her attack, but I pushed on.
“I killed the first one quickly. Then faced off with the remaining two. I could gut one, but was gravely injured. I
+25 BONUS
Chapter 120
knew I had to be quick to protect the pups, so I rallied and gave a final push as my throat was pouring blood. I could kill the last before succumbing to my injuries.” Rowan nodded, and I sat back down.
“This pattern that Amy spoke of has become evident in not just her pack, but almost every pack attack by the rogues. They are working together. They are targeting the pups and females to break the mates and make the annihilation of the packs easier.” Nina looked lost as he continued. “Amy, as I have seen the doctors‘ report, had deep claw marks and a bite mark on her neck, including a few fractures she fought on to save that family. And yes, she saved the full family as the parents were close to death, but thank the goddess, they were also saved. I was going to show you, but since certain people keep questioning everything. Here.” Rowan made a few clicks on the podium and a screen descended and photos were on display. There were dead bodies, people wounded in hospital beds, and then there I was. On display. All my wounds still open.
Alicia S. Rivers Author
I apologize for the hit and miss uploading of chapters. I had surgery this week and I am healing. I will be more focused on uploading in the coming days. Thank you for the support!
10 152
###Next D 171
Chapter 171
This was the first time I was seeing it myself. I looked dead. My eyes were half open, and my mouth was bloodied. My neck looks ravaged, jagged teeth marks still circle my throat, with bits missing. My arm was snapped and laying the wrong way and my leg had a bone sticking out of t
I heard just one giant inhale of breath before everyone turned to look at me but I focused on the screen. This is what I had, we had, survived.
We are stronger than you think. Nix’s voice was firm as she stroked her side against the wall between us. Megan did the same. They were trying to calm my racing heart. I was so close to death.
But the goddess saved us. Megan’s sweet voice seemed to calm me down.
Yes, the goddess has need of us. Nix and Megan settled against each other and I smiled.
“How?” I was snapped back to reality. I turned to face Hanna.
“What?” furrowed my brow, and she clutched at my hand,
“How did you survive that?”
“Luck.” Was the only answer I could give.
“Fuck off, this is fake.” Nina seemed to rally and stomped her foot.
“What did you just say?” Rowan’s voice was dark
“I said this photo is fake.” Nina turned and pointed at me.
I snorted, and before Rowan could say anything, I raised my hand. I could see him almost recoil. I wanted to laugh, but I focused on Nina. “Let’s be clear here. You say that I, what? Used makeup t and what, prosthetics to face my injuries like this is some kind of human movie production. Sent the photos and fake doctors‘ report to the king, and then what? Used it for sympathy or brownie points, or what?” 1
Nina pointed at me. “See, you admit it.”
“I admit nothing. Because the lie or explanation you concocted is bullshit.” I snapped back. “What reason makes sense to you?” I crossed my arms. “I wanted the king to feel bad for me? Why would he when he is losing wolves left and right to these attacks? He has enough people to mourn and worry about. That I wanted brownie points? Again, I ask for what reason? Do you think that somehow surviving this attack would make the king want to meet me? Be near me? That makes no sense as again there are hundreds of females that survive attacks, and they have been here for longer then I have been of age. So again, if he wanted anything like that, he would have already chosen a female attack survivor long before me.” Nina shook her head, realizing that her outburst was nonsensical. “Or let’s talk about pushing the war effort makes no sense. The rogues were the ones that brought this war to our borders. They were the ones that targeted us We have lived peacefully for years before they attacked us. They killed the Lycans.” I felt my voice rise as my anger did. My hands dropped to my sides. “They killed our king. Our alphas, our females, our pups and you want to blame me, a single eighteen–year–old alpha who just shifted, for pushing the war agenda? I think you are wildly overestimating my importance to not only the king, but the werewolf world, or you are so fucking jealous and stupid that your words make no sense.” I watched her mouth drop open. z
So what is it? Are you thinking I am more important, or are you just jealous?”
“I, 1, 1, 1.” She stammered.
The council member stepped forward again, and I glanced his way. His face was flushed. “Nina is the next queen. You will not talk to her that way.” He screamed, and I watched the surprise flash on Nina’s face as Rowan turned. “Nina is my queen?” His voice was low and filled with his growl. His body trembled as he stepped closer to the
+25 BONUS
Chapter 171
council member and grabbed him by the throat. “Who gave you the right to select my mate?”
“My king…you said that if you haven’t found your mate or selected a mate yourself, that we could select for you.” He clutched that the hand on his throat as he struggled to speak. 1
“I said you could select options for me. Not select my mate. Rowan growled as he threw down the council member. “Not once have I agreed for Nina to be my mate. And you decide to yell at a wolf because she made good arguments towards Nina. Amy is right.” Rowan stepped on the man.
very
Nina stood and screamed. “Uncle Thinius.” She pushed onto the stage and Rowan froze.
“Let me get this straight. The person, the only person you chose, that you said was worthy to be my mate, is your niece.” He growled so loud that the floor trembled. “How dare you!”
Chapter 172
+25 BONUS
Chapter 172
###Next D 172
Everyone froze, including Nina. “My king, please.” Another council member stepped forward. “We haven’t finished our selection process.”
Rowan turned to face the others. “This will be addressed later. But I will say this now. I am not selecting a mate until this war is handled. You can pick whoever you want, but no one will become queen until everyone is safe.” The room was so silent you could hear a pin drop.
“My king, you need an heir.” The man, Thinius, stammered
“I have already selected an alpha to be the heir apparent in a decree that is in my personal safe.” Another gasp went out. This was the first time a wolf would be in line to be the King.
“My king, we haven’t discussed this.”
“It is not your choice.” Rowan screamed. Obviously losing his hold on his wolf. “I am the king.” He closed his eye and pushed off the wolf under him and strode back to the podium. He clicked a few buttons and everything disappeared. “This is not why I am here, and you all do not need to listen to the internal issues of the council while they are still in power.” His words hit like a sledgehammer. The council members all dropped to their knees and bowed. 
“My king, this isn’t what we intended.” Thinius called out, panic clear in his down–turned
eyes.
“I am done with you for now.” Rowan called over his shoulder. He focused on the crowd. “Those of you not staying on campus will be moved into the remaining residence, or to an apartment building that was graciously donated by my father to the school, but has remained untouched. If you are already in the residence and think the apartment building is a better fit for you, let Vince and the secretary know. Any application to move will be looked over and approved by MYSELF only.” Rowan emphasized himself. “And just to be very clear here, I do not decide based on rank. If I think you deserve to move based on your academic record and achievements thus far in school and in your pack, I will move you. Now there are someone–bedroom, two–bedroom, even a few three–bedroom apartments, so you can group together and make a request together.”
“Is it the building off the forest by the teacher’s building?” Another student called.
“Yes.”
There were some murmurs. “There’s two penthouses in the building.”
“One actually.” Rowan’s ears miss nothing. “I stay in the other when I am here and I really don’t feel comfortable to share my space. Unless I agree, the other penthouse will stay empty.” Rowan’s eyes briefly caught mine, and I felt my brows furrow. I finally settled back into my chair. “Anyway. Back to everything at hand. It has been brought to my attention that Alpha Amy had donated over three million dollars to make sure everyone here could afford food and textbooks for this semester. Since we are making you stay on campus, all the alphas have agreed to donate every month to ensure that food will be provided for free now going–forward. The text books will also be donated. So, for the remaining years of your stay in school, you will not have to worry about anything. As your parents will only have to pay the tuition and everything else will be provided for you.” Rowans turned to me again. “Alpha Amy, it is up to you what you want to do with the remaining balance on the food cards, as they will be discontinued tomorrow.”
I thought about it for a moment. “The money left on the card can go to the students. I donated the money so that they didn’t have to worry about school and having to work. The money is no longer mine. They can use it for next semester’s tuition, to furnish their new accommodations of whatever else they may need.”
Wendy turned and grabbed my hand. “Amy, take back the money.”
“It’s okay Wendy. Use it. I don’t need it.” Wendy had tears in her eyes as she nodded and turned back.
Chenter 172
+25 BONUS
Rowan nodded. “Now that everything is clear. I just want to recap. Going forward, you all will stay in school year round. You will have expedited courses. Your families will send you your clothes and you will have an armed guard escort you to purchase everything you need to furnish your new accommodations. Food and everyday necessities will be provided by the school by donations from the packs. Now, are there questions?” 
The room was silent as everyone was processing the information. I called out. “I think if we do, we can ask later.” Rowan smiled and nodded. “Yes, if you have questions, you don’t understand. You can ask the secretary or Alpha Vince. If you need to speak with me, you can leave me an email.” There was a silence. “Now, I would like all to go to your rooms. If you currently don’t have a room, go to the caff. I will come to speak with everyone that I need
you 
to soon.” Then Rowan turned and walked off the stage.
###Next D 173
hapter 173 
+25 BONUS
Everyone walked out of the auditorium in silence. Everyone was worried that there was going to be the dreaded knock on their door. But thankfully, my father never listened to others.
I checked my phone to see I have over twenty messages from my dad, mom, and Cass.
I was sending back replies when I turned onto my floor and made my way to my room. I unlocked the door, still staring at my phone and kicked off my shoes. I turned towards my bed, and I bumped into a chest.
I froze. This was my room, and no one else should be in here. I slowly raised my head from my phone and I stepped back.
“What are you doing in here and how the heck did you get ”
Roman smiled. “I’m the benefactor for the school. I have a key that’s a universal key for a hidden lock under the knob.”
“What?” I went back out my door and slid the metal cover over and there it was, the universal lock. I shook my head as I came back in. “Sneaky. So why are you here?” I slid past him and I felt him vibrate. I looked at him over my shoulder as I turned and sat down on my bed, I slid against my headboard and patted the bed.
Rowan smiled and nodded. He slid onto my bed and faced me. “I came here first because I need to discuss certain things with you, and this will actually help with your plan.
“What do you mean? People are going to assume that a pack I live in is gone.” 
“Exactly.” Rowan laid back, but it looked super uncomfortable with his neck against the wall, so I tossed him my pillow. He just raised his eyebrow and then pulled it under his head. He tilted his head to face me, but I could see him subtly pulling in my scent. I watched his brow furrow, but I looked away. 1
“What the heck are you talking about?” I grabbed my second pillow and put it behind my back. I wanted to stretch out my legs, so I pushed them out ass far as I could without touching him. But he just shook his head and grabbed my feet, placing them over his lap.
I tried to pull them away, but he held them there until I settled. I froze. What the hell were we doing, but Rowan seemed so comfortable that I let it go. It wasn’t hurting me
Rowan smiled, but he turned his head to face me. My breath caught in my throat. I felt my mouth run dry and something low pulsed. I almost squirmed in my seat. I kicked him and he laughed.
“What?” His lazy smile sent another pulse between my legs and I could feel myself growing heated, I bit my lip and shook my head.
“What are you talking about?” I rolled my eyes.
“Right. Can you, um, seal the room?” His voice dropped low as he finished his question, and I nodded.
I focused on my magic and I felt the room seal shut. No noise could leave the room, and we could speak freely.” It’s done.” There was a soft echo to my voice and Rowan shook his head.
“That’s weird.” Rowan stuck a finger in his ear and wiggled it. He looked back at me and pushed up on the bed to sit up higher. He pulled my feet back to his lap and rubbed one foot, but he looked so deep in thought I don’t think he even noticed.
“Your dad’s pack is one of the furthest away from not only the school, but from every other pack.”
“I know. That’s why I fly there. But what does that have to do with anything?”
Chapter 173
#251
6 BONUS
Rowan’s hands tightened on my feet. “You father came up with a plan, and for it to work, you have to be a bit of an actress.”
“What is it?” 
“We are going to say that there was an attack today during the announcement. I already told the council it happened and I know now that they will spread it to Vince.
“Why?”
“Because we are moving the pack.”
11
“Moving the pack?” I leaned forward. “Why?”
“Because we are going to say that the five packs on your father’s land were wiped out. Your father’s plan is to make it seem like the Silvermoon pack was wiped out.”
“But why? And where are they going to go?”
“There are hidden cabins close to the Agora.”
“He’s taking everyone to the Agora?” I felt my mouth drop open. “Wait, how do you know about the Agora?”
Rowan smiled. “Because the Agora is part of my history, too. And the reason? Because we all think that the council and Vince are a part of the attacks. We just don’t know how
“What about my grandmother’s cabin?”
“You dad sealed the way. And I’ll help the shaman with the supplies for the cabin.”
###Next D 174
Chapter 174
+25 BONUS
“I still don’t understand why?”
“Because we need them to think you are alone.” Rowan continued to rub my feet. It felt amazing, but I needed to focus, so I pulled my feet back and leaned closer to him.
1 grabbed his face with my hands, and I squeezed. “I need you to stop being so mysterious and explain it to me. Why do I have to pretend my father is dead?”
I swore Rowan stopped breathing as I leaned in. “Because we want them to think that you are alone other than your mother. Your mother has spent these last years convincing Vince and Morgan that she is weak. Which plays well in to our plan.”
H
“Are you going to tell me the plan?” I was getting frustrated.
“Are you going to hold my face the entire time I tell you?” His voice was soft and his eyes were flicking between my eyes and my nose. I puled my hands back as if they were on fire and sat back.
“Sorry.” I felt my face flush, and he chuckled.
“I don’t mind, but I would prefer having a mint if you’re going to be that close.” He winked, and I felt another pulse between my legs and the reality hit me like a sledgehammer.
I was attracted, really attracted to Rowan. I wanted him. And there was nothing I could do about it.
I felt the reality hit me, liker a punch to the gut. Eventually, he would mate or marry another wolf and it would not be me. 1
Nix and Megan rushed to calm me down, to comfort me with my hidden sadness.
It will be okay. Megan brushed down the wall in my mind.
We still have Erubus. Nix’s voice was bright, and I chuckled.
“What?” Rowan tilted his head and I felt my cheeks burn again.
“My wolf said something funny.” I redirected him. “The plan?” 
“Right.” Rowan pushed up and adjusted his shirt. “First thing first. We need you to move to the apartment building.”
“Why?”
“We want you to be isolated. And I need you to have a safe space that someone can’t get in too.” Rowan looked at me as he pulled the key and jingled it. “I’m not the only one that has the universal key. So does Vince.”
“What?”
“It was a safety feature, but with everything that is going on, knowing Vince and Brandon have access to you and your stuff, has your father and me on edge.”
“I have a lockbox for everything”
“I don’t trust those to keep everything you need safe.” Rowan’s nice flared. “Plus, I scented another wolf in here when I slipped in. Someone has already been here, but it was too long ago to be sure.”
H
I felt Nix pushed close. “Someone was in here?” Rowan nodded.
“It doesn’t matter you are moving to the apartments. Tonight.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 174
“I don’t really have everything I need for a one–bedroom apartment.‘
Rowan scratched his head. “Actually, knowing that someone was already here, to make my wolf feel better, your are moving into the other penthouse. So that when I’m in the area, we can be close.”
I felt my eyes widen as I jumped up to my knees. “What? You said it was going to stay empty.‘
“And it was, but now, my wolf won’t let me put you anywhere else.” He shrugged. “I listen to him more than anyone else.”
I nodded. “Yeah, I think that is the same for most of us.”
“So you will be safe in the penthouse, but in school, in class, I need you to be isolated. Withdrawn. We need it to get out that Silvermoon is gone and that you are vulnerable.
“Why?”
“Because men like Vince think women need men to survive and ones that have no men in their life are weak.” He looked at me. “Once he thinks you are weak, it will give you an opening to strike.”
My dad was doing what he had to give me: the space to get closer so I could find out the truth. 1
“Okay,”
“Play it smart.” Rowan turned his body towards me. “You can’t let them in too close too quickly. And these next few years they will be lonely. You will be targeted.”
“By?” I felt Nix and Megan stand straighter in my mind. They could handle it.
“The council. The women they will be ‘selecting‘. No matter what I say, they think we are close, and that put a target on your back.” Rowan wiped his face. “And the rogues. They have been making their way closer to the school. But I am having guard patrol’s the forest, so running should still be safe.”
“So I’m a target because we are friends…”
“Something like that.” Rowan pulled a second key out and dropped it into my hands. “This is the key to the
penthouse on the right. Start packing and move over tonight. You here.” Then he got up, started to say
something, then shook his head and left.
Chapter 175
###Next D 175
Chapter 175
+25 BONUS
I wanted to stay in bed, but the fact someone else was in here made me get up from the bed and pull out my bags. 1 packed up my stuff. As soon as I was done, I pulled it down to my truck and packed it into the back.
I was starving by the time I was done, but I pushed myself to keep going. The truck was full, and I needed to grab food to fill the apartment. So I was going to head to the caff, but Rowan’s words stopped me. I needed to be weak, hurt, isolated. So I slid into my truck and rubbed my eyes.
I sat there, and I remembered my first like. My death. And the anger came, but so did my loss. My baby was gone and there was nothing I could do. I placed my hand on my belly and I remembered the feeling of his first kicks, his butterfly like movement in my stomach. And then I remembered the feeling of having him ripped from me. The only time I got to hold his tiny body. And then the tears came.
Once I had cried for my lost child, I sent a prayer to the moon goddess to tell my boy how much I love him and I got out to run into the caff
pre–made
I headed straight to the store part. I could hear the sniffles of some of the affected students. The one that had lost their families. But I remembered my son, and I wiped a tear away as I silently filled my basket with the dinners and grabbed drinks. I stood in line as I heard another wail come from the tabl
I glanced over and I saw Toya throwing her head back, and Rowan comforting her. I guess I was the only one getting the truth because I had a part in this.
These kids won’t find out for years that their families might still be alive. My heart ached for her. But we all needed to play along and at least their pain will be real.
I made it to the checkout without any issues and paid for my food. I made my way out of the room when Toya rushed up to me. “They are gone…
I just nodded as I focused on my loss, my boy, and another tear spilled over. “They are gone.” I hated lying to her, but we all had a part to play in this farce.
“How?”
“I don’t know yet. But I promise I will do everything I can to find out.”
She wobbled on her feet and I wrapped my arm around her waist right before she fell. “How could they all be gone?”
“Because they were weak.” A voice snapped our heads up, and I nearly shifted, even knowing that everyone was still alive. But Toya didn’t know, and cinnamon colored fur spurted from her skin as her eyes shifted to a dark black. I couldn’t even see their color. They were so dark from her anger.
I turned to face Nina and her newest pawns. “I would suggest you leave right now, or I will allow Toya to shift.”
“What is she going to do? She is just as weak as her father.” A vicious growl slipped from her throat and I knew she couldn’t be left in the dark. She would kill someone.
“Let me make myself clear. She is an alpha, your minions are low–ranking betas and a gamma if your are lucky.”
“That’s not entirely true.” An unfamiliar voice stepped over. The aura rippling off of the new woman was stronger than anyone else there, but still not impressive. She was tall, brown–haired, with black eyes. She looked nearly identical to Nina.
I laughed. “Nina, tell your sister that if she doesn’t tuck her aura away, I will shift and help Toya here rip all of you to shreds. And I won’t fuck bat an eye.” I let Nix come closer and I felt my eyes shift to their golden hue.
Chapter 175
+25 BONUS
“You wouldn’t dare.” The unknown woman called smugger than she had any right to be. “I’m being trained to take a seat on the council.”
“I honestly don’t give a fuck right this second.” I called out as I met her eyes. “Press your luck with me one more time and the only seat you will take is in a wheelchair, because I will rip the legs from your body and command your wolf to heal over the stumps.”
1 watched her eyes widen and everyone else took a step back “You wouldn’t dare. I’ll be on the council and my sister is going to be queen”
I turned to face them both. “I want you two to look at us and really ask yourself the question. Do these two women who just lost everything? Do they look like the type of wolves who give a fuck about who you might be in the future?”
C
###Next D 176
hapter 176
Chapter 176
+25 BONUS
The silence that followed was deafening. And I waited until the girls standing with Nina and her sister all fled. “If you don’t move, I will scar you so badly that no one will mate with you.” Toya’s voice was deadly. She meant every word.
“What’s going on here?” Vince’s voice was like nails on the chalk board right this second. I could not deal with his bullshit right now.
I felt Toya tremble, and I looked at her. She faced me and I could see a little fear in her eyes. But I just squeezed her side, and she straightened her back. We would face this fogether.
“Alpha Vince, these two threatened my sister and 1.” Nina’s sister was toeing a line she wasn’t ready to face.
I felt my face harden, and I turned to face Vince. Even he flinched back from me. “What do you mean?” He hedged his bet, hoping not to get involved.
“What do I mean? Exactly that. They threatened us.” She nudged Nina, and she jumped in with a smirk.
“Nadine is telling the truth. I was just coming here to give them both my condolences about losing their packs, and they just threatened me. My sister came over when she saw Toya started to shift.” Nina turned to face us. “If you can’t control your wolves, maybe you aren’t fit to be at school and you should leave.” Her mouth dropped open, and she slapped her hand over her mouth. “Oh my. I’m so sorry. I forgot you don’t have anywhere to go.” Toya lunged, but I held her back. “Toya, Nina is right. If you can’t control your wolf, you will have to leave. She has done noting to provoke you.”
Toya stumbled back into me as if she had been slapped. Her head snapped at Vince. “She didn’t provoke me?” Vince stepped closer. “I understand your family is gone, but this is unacceptable.” He turned to face me and I could see a little triumph in his eyes. “Amy, I know you lost your father, but you have Morgan and still. You are still a member of my pack. So you should conduct yourself better than this.”
your mother
I felt my eyes narrow and Vince could feel my anger. But I held my tongue. “You are right. I should conduct myself better. But you will have to excuse us. We just lost our family and then we have to deal with lesser wolves coming up to us, and making fun of that loss. Alpha Vince, how should I respond to someone enjoying the loss of life?” “What?” Vince turned to face the sisters. But a voice called out that settled me a little.
“Yes, Alpha Vince. How should to alpha wolves respond to their jabs?” Rowan walked from around the corner with crossed arms. 1
“My king, we didn’t-”
“Nadine, I would keep your lies for the rest of the council. Theard everything you and your sister said. I heard Alpha Toya’s and Amy’s responses.”
Her mouth snapped shut with a clink of teeth. “I wasn’t…” Her words trailed off and she looked down. “As a representative of my council, I expected better of someone in your position. But I realized that after everything that happened today, I really shouldn’t. Your family has proven to be less than reliable.”
“My king. That isn’t true.” Nina rushed to his side and grabbed his arm. “We were-”
“Being bitches.” Toya finished.
Nadine walked over to Toya and slapped her. Neither Rowan and Vince stopped her, and I felt my anger peak.
“You don’t get to speak to us that way, orphan.” Nadine smirked as she finished, and I snapped my clawed hand
Chapter 170
out and wrapped it around her throat. Nadine gasped.
“What did you just say?” My voice was deadly.
“I was just –” she started, but I squeezed my hand to silence her.
+25 BONUS
“You and your sister were just strutting around here, using your close position with the king to lord over other students. Lying to get what you want. And using your rank and future positions to bully other students. Even ones that have just lost their families. And you do it with no repercussions because you allow it to happen.” I finished for her, looking between both men. “Both of you.” My words were cutting but truthful. “But I stand by my promise.” I refocused on Nadine and allowed Nix even closer so that her words combined with my own. I squeezed Nadine’s throat as I stared at Nina and. “If either of you so much as look at Toya or me in any way that I find offensive. I will rip your limbs from your body and command your wolves to heal over the wounds so you are a torso, and then I will throw you into a river.”
Both girls cried out as I tossed Nadine to the floor. Vince looked pale, but Rowan turned away.
###Next D 177
Chapter 177
Nina wrapped her arms around her sister and looked between Vince and Rowan. “Are you going to let her threaten us?”
I laughed as I let go of Toya for a moment and crouched down to be level with them. “You have it very confused.”
Nadine looked at Nina and then back at me. “What are you talking about?”
“They aren’t letting me do anything. If you hadn’t noticed, I’m a very strong alpha, stronger than any female alive today and most men. Vince and the king do not let me do anything I do it, and then I deal with the repercussions. And let me be frank. The way you two lord over everyone, when let’s be honest, you are actually pretty weak for alphas. Toya is stronger than you.”
“No, she isn’t.” Nina shot back and glared at us. “She couldn’t measure up to me and Nadine is stronger than me.”
“See, that is where you got it wrong. “I looked back at Toya and she straightened her shoulders. But I could feel I was right.. Her wolf, even being an alpha, was like Cass’s. She would rather put her strength into her shifted form than her aura. “She is a stronger wolf. And I will train my girls to realize their full potential.”
The words hit the two women like physical blows. Even both men turned to look at me. “What do you mean?” It was Toya who wanted to know.
“I refuse to allow this loss to define us, Toya. And I refuse to let it make us weak.” I stood and faced her. “Starting this week, all of us, we will train between classes. I refuse to lose any more of my people, and now my wolf has claimed you as mine.”
Rowan’s face shifted, and he pointed at me. “You are right
“What?” I turned to face him.
“You should train. Everyone should train.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialed a number. “Hey, who is our best trainer that we can spare?” He listened for a few minutes. “Uh huh, uh huh, okay. Send Dunn.” He pulled his phone away from his ear and clicked a few buttons. “I put him on the floor below the penthouses. I will have the details ironed out and in place by the time he gets here. Tell him he will be staying indefinitely. If we need to switch him out, we will, but I would rather slot him into a permanent placement here at the school. I think Yenna will enjoy that.” He was quiet, and he nodded. “I know she told me last week. I’ll make sure they have one of the biggest apartments, so the pup will have a room. Let me know what he says.” Rowan hung up his phone and then turned to Vince. “We will start training here, I’ll have one of my best trainers here and everyone will have a session during the day. Work with your secretary to find the best time to slot everyone in during the day. I’ll come to the office to help you make a plan as soon as I am done telling everyone.”
“That isn’t what I mean, my king.” I stood. I stepped closer to him. “Even if there is a new training course, I will still have my own training for my people.”
you
“And that is entirely your choice. But you were right. We have been neglecting a vital part of your growth while at school, and I am baffled that it took this long for anyone to point it out.” He turned to Vince. “We are wolves, and we have trained our packs every day, so why would we stop when our next generation comes to school?”
I didn’t want to discuss school courses right this second and my anger was weening. I grabbed Toya’s hand. Cpem with me to my room?”
“Of course.” Toya smiled, but I saw her lip quiver.
I turned and gave a quick bow to Rowan. “We will take our cave.”
Rowan nodded, but Nina screeched. “You can’t be seriously letting them go with no punishment.”
1.2
Chapter 177
+25 BONUS
I turned away from her and grabbed my food from the floor where I dropped It. Toya glared at the two women still cowering on the floor, but she followed as I turned to leave
“What do they need to be punished for?” Rowan’s question ad me slowing down.
“They threatened us!” Nadine nearly shricked.
“From what I gathered, and my king, you can tell me if you feel the same, it seems like you two initiated the interaction. You came up to these two women after they lost their families and decided it was a good idea to make fun of them. Is that about right?”
“Alpha Vince.” Nina stammered.
“Answer him.” Rowan growled.
“Yes.” Nadine answered.
“Then I guess their punishment is not attacking you and putting you in your place.” Vince turned away. “I think that is punishment enough.” Rowan nodded and we all left them on the floor.
2/2
Chapter 178
###Next D 178
Chapter 178
“Where are we going?” Toya looked at me from the passenger side of my truck.
“To the apartments. I’ve been moved already.”
?
“How is that even possible?”
+25 BONUS
“I’ll explain everything once we get inside my new place.”
Toya nodded. But I could see her biting her lips and the tears trembling at the corners of her eyes. “I can’t believe they are all gone.”
I wanted to tell her, but we needed to be safe. We needed to play this properly. “I know.” My voice was soft. I looked around.
“Do you know where you are going?”
“Not a clue.” I looked at her as she burst into laughter.
Toya laughed so hard the tears fell. She pointed off to the left as she continued laughing. “Turn left at the next stop sign. You will go through a couple more parking lots and turn right. It’s hidden by the trees, but it’s really hard to miss once you know where to look.” She wiped her face, and she smiled. “I didn’t think I’d be laughing today.”
I just nodded, unable to say anything to make her feel better right now. I followed her directions and, with the last turn, the apartment building jutted out of the ground.
“It’s huge.”
Toya nodded. “It’s about thirty floors.”
“Are you thinking or requesting to move in?”
Toya shook her head no. “No, I don’t need the space.”
“I think you should. I think we all should. Wendy, Hanna, Micca and you. If there is a four–bedroom unit, apply to live together, or do two and two.”
“Why?”
“I feel like I need to keep you close. And now that I’m out here, you all need to be too.”
“Do you think we would get approved?”
“Yes.” I would email Rowan as soon as I was settled. I looked over at Toya. “You have everyone’s numbers, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Text them to come over. As soon as I figure out the apartment number, I’ll give it to you to send to them. But I want everyone here tonight. We have a lot to talk about.”
“Okay.” Toya slid her phone out of the pocket and texted everyone. My phone dinged. “It’s just me. I made a group chat.”
I nodded. “Smart.” I pulled up to the front door of the apartment and I realized it had a luggage cart like a hotel did. This would make moving everything a lot easier.
I hopped out and grabbed the cart to unload my truck bed. don’t think everything is going to fit.” Toya looked around and walked through the sliding doors. The guard at the door stopped her. They had a conversation, and the
+25 BONUS
Chapter 178
guard walked away and came back with a second cart. He followed Toya outside.
“Are you sure you are supposed to be here?” The guard slid the cart to me and I nodded.
“The king gave me the key to my new apartment himself.”
“Can I get your name?”
“I
“Amy Maclean.” I watched as the guard’s eyes widened and he nodded.
“Of course, Alpha Amy.” He took the loaded cart away as I started on the second one.
“Hey, where are you going?” I called after him.
“I’m taking your things up to the penthouse. I’ll drop this off outside and come down for the rest.”
You d
don’t have to.” I tried to grab the rack back, but he waved me off.
“I know I don’t have to. But I’d like to. No one lives here except the king and I get bored. So I take any opportunity to get away from my desk.”
“Okay.” I smiled as I turned back to the rest of my stuff. I put the rest of my things, including my food, on the rack. I had just finished when the guard returned.
“I’ll take this up as you park.” The guard pointed to the right. “If you head that way, there is a scanner to get down to the parking garage.” He pulled out a key. “This is keyed to your door, the parking garage and the elevator.”
“The elevator?”
“The top floor needs to be scanned to get to, or someone has to call up to you and you have to release the elevator to come to the floor. The stairwell is the same.”
Toya looked at me. “I thought the king said the penthouse was going to stay empty.‘
I nodded. “I’ll explain everything once everyone gets here. She nodded.
I turned back to the guard. “I have Hanna, Wendy, and Micca still coming to visit. Can you help them up to my apartment when they get here, please? Gamma…” 1
His eyes widened and then stammered. “Gamma Sterling. Im Gamma Sterling. But you can just call me Sterling. “Thank you for all your help, Sterling.”
We hopped back into the truck and drove to park. Toya looked at me and I could see the wheels turning “I feel like we have a lot to discuss.” I just nodded as we headed down into the parking garage.
Chapter 179
+25 BONUS
###Next D 179
Chapter 179
“Amy?” I turned to Toya as I parked into one of the slots marked penthouse. 
“Yeah?” I slid out of the truck and headed to the elevator.
“What is going on?” She looked around at the parking garage and I could see the wheels in her mind churning, but she was just as confused as I felt.
“I swear, I will explain.” I smiled as we hit the penthouse button on the elevator. There was a beep.
“Please scan your card.” An automated voice rang out, and I scanned the card Sterling gave me and the elevator doors closed.
“This is so weird.” Toya leaned against the wall,
“What do you mean?” I looked at her over my shoulder.
“This apartment building has been closed off to anyone other than the King since it was built. But it’s so clean, so modernized.” Toya swiped the wall. “It’s like a hotel that the humans run. And he’s never even allowed the council onto his floor and he gave you the key.” She shook her head. “I know I am missing everything.”
grabbed her hand as the door opened. “I know that today has been the worst fucking day and all this mystery is probably annoying. But I feel it in my gut that I have to wait until everyone is here to explain it all.” We stepped out of the elevator, and Sterling was waiting for us.
“I figured I would wait with your things until you got here. This one is you. Penthouse B.” He glanced to the other side of the small hallway. “I assume you know who stays in penthouse A.” We both just nodded. “While I am surprised that the king gave you this floor. It isn’t my place to question his commands. But please. Make sure you keep you visitors in check. I really don’t want to come up here and remove crazed she–wolves from his doorway.”
I snorted. “Does that happen a lot?”
Sterling cracked a smile. “You are the first people other than the maids and me even allowed on the same floor. But, when the king visits, there are a handful of she–wolves who wait downstairs at the doors for him.”
I threw my head back and laughed. “Really?”
Sterling nodded. “It got to where the King had to run out the back door to his car to get to class. So about three years ago, he had the basement levels converted to the parking garage.”
Toya shook her head. “Poor guy.”
Sterling snorted. “Yeah, poor guy, he has his pick of she–wolves.”
I nodded. “But does he?” Sterling focused on me with a confused look. “He’s the king. He has to hold himself above the rest. Can’t have sordid love affairs with any she–wolf that he wanted or else he would have scandal after scandal.”
Toya nodded. “And there is the entire council is trying to force him to mate with someone.” I pointed to Toya and nodded.
“Exactly.” I scanned my card and pushed the door open. My mouth dropped open when I saw it was fully furnished. “What’s all this?”
“What do you mean?” Sterling looked around. “Is it not to your liking? I can change out some of the furniture?”
“I’m sorry.” I turned to face him. “I was told we would have to buy things for our apartments and stuff. I just wasn’t expecting this…” I turned back around to walk into the open concept living room and kitchen. Across from 
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 179.
the front door was a wall of glass, and the view of the forest from up here was amazing. The giant room had a sectional on one side with a tv hanging opposite above a standalone fireplace. The fireplace sectioned off the space, with a dining table big enough for eight behind it, leading into the kitchen.
“This is beautiful.” Toya walked to look out the windows and I just nodded.
“The penthouses are completely furnished, and the apartments below have the necessities, like big furniture. The odds and ends are being brought in tomorrow.” Sterling walked over to the kitchen and opened the empty cupboards. “The only thing students will have to supply is just like your dorms. Blankets and personal items. The king didn’t want to inconvenience any of the smaller packs to supply the money to furnish the apartments for their kids,”
I just nodded and walked down the hall to see the first room was set up as an office. The next was a standard bathroom. I looked around and nodded. This would work. Then I opened the last room and my breath caught in my throat. It was a gorgeous bedroom, with a fourposter bed. It looked like my bedroom in my father’s pack. I checked the closet to find a walk through closet room that lead to another gorgeous bathroom. It had a built in vanity, a soaking tub, walking shower and its own closet for storage.
“This is too much.” I walked back out, only to find Rowan standing at the door, looking defeated.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 180
Chapter 180
###Next D 180
Chapter 180
1 looked at Toya and walked over to Rowan. “My king, is everything okay?”
Toya gave a nod. “I’m going to check out the rest of your new place.” She bowed really quickly and then left us in the entryway.
“Sterling?” I looked down at my watch. “I don’t know when everyone will get here. Can you go check for me, please?”
“Of course, Alpha Amy.” Sterling also gave a bow and then turned and left.
Rowan looked after Toya before he turned to look down at me. “Are you going to tell her?”
I nodded. “I feel like I need to.”
Rowan took a big breath. “Okay. Who else are you telling? I want to make sure no one else has lost anyone. That way you don’t giver anyone hope,”
I hadn’t even thought about that. “Hanna, Wendy, and Micca.”
“Who?” Rowan furrowed his brows.
Lopened my mouth, but I realized I didn’t know what pack they were from. “Toya…” I called out and Rowan laughed.
“You don’t know their packs?”
“Look, I met Hanna in the bathroom, but she is the short, unranked wolf from overseas. Wendy is the secretary’s daughter. Micca is a small redhead from a neighbouring pack to Nina’s Toya’s pack was taken in by my father.” 1 felt like I was forgetting someone.
“Thora is the gamma from unranked wolves, but something about her doesn’t sit right with my.” Toya walked out and I pointed.
Thora, I had forgotten Thora. But just as I thought to call her over, I felt a punch to my gut. “She isn’t to be included.”
“Thora?” Rowan furrowed his brows. “You are sure she said her name was Thora?”
I nodded. “Black hair, blue eyes, beautiful.”
I watched Rowan’s face darken. “Don’t speak to her.” 
15
“Why?” I wasn’t going to anyway, but something about the way his face clouded over pushed me to ask.
“She is a gamma in my pack.” He answered. “Her parents served my father before her passed, and I kept them on after. Their daughter, Thora, grew into being a second gamma, but because her parents worked in my pack house, she was close to me. Or she thought she was close to me.” Rowan wiped his face. “I’m sorry. I thought she got over this…obsession.” z
“What?” I laughed. “What does that have to do with me?”
“She probably heard things from Nina. And decided you were close to me.” He grimaced. “Moving you here probably hasn’t helped.”
“She knows I moved in here?”
Rowan shook his head. “But this kind of thing doesn’t stay under wraps for long.” He sighed. “My advice is to stay away from her as much as you can.” He wiped his eyes. “And for goddess’s sake, tell her nothing ”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 180
“I promise. I will even command everyone to keep their mouths shut.” I offered.
“Thank you.” He sagged against the wall and Toya walked off again. “I’m wiped, but I wanted to check on you.”
“Everything is okay here.”
He laughed. “Your things are outside your door, but things are okay?”
I shrugged a shoulder. “The only people up here are us, and I trust us.” I smile as I watch the words land.
“Thank you for trusting me.”
“Of course. You are my king.”
Rowan cut me a look. “That’s not w
what I meant.”
“I know, and I didn’t mean it either. But I have to poke at you some way.” I smiled and walked closer. “How are you doing?”
“I’m fine.” He answered automatically.
I focused on the air around us and I felt a barrier snap into place. “It’s just us.” I grabbed for his hand. “How are you really doing?”
Rowan looked down at our hands clasped together and then back to me and I watched his facade break. His shoulders slumped and his face fell. I watched his eyes take on this haunted look. “Not great.”
“Talk to me.” I stepped closer and wrapped my arm around his, leaning against his shoulder. I didn’t even think of it, but I also did this with my dad, with Ronnie. I could hear Rowan draw in a breath and then let it out slowly.
“I failed them. They are dead because I haven’t figured everything out yet, and telling everyone today that everyone they love is completely gone.” I heard him swallow. “I just failed them. And now I have to go on and face these people like this is completely normal.”
I tightened my arms around his. “In our world, it is.” I looked up at him and I swore I could see tears fighting to spill over, but in one blink, they were gone. “You haven’t falled anyone. You were handed a tangled mess when you were a child. And you have been stuck trying to figure it out since then. I know today was hard, but no one can accuse you of not understanding what they feel.” He looked at me. “This mess started with you losing not just your family, but your entire race. No one has lost more than you. You haven’t failed. And I won’t let you.”
###Next D 181
Chapter 181
+25 BONUS
The knock at the door startled us away from each other. I hadn’t realized just how close we had gotten until I jumped away from him. Rowan closed his eyes and then nodded.
“We won’t fail?” His words were soft, but there was a tiny are of hope to his words.
“Not if I can help it. I will take these next years to crack into everything I can.” I thought about what my plan was and I worried at my lip.
What is it?”
“I need a place I can hack it for practise.” I looked up and Rowan nodded.
“Use my stuff. I would give you the information to find me, but that is half the battle.” The knock sounded again. Get that?” The hope that flared in my chest that he wanted to spend time with me was pushed down.
I nodded. “The rest of the girls are here and we have a plan to make.” Rowan nodded.
“You can stay if you like.” I offered without thinking.
“What?” Rowan tilted his head.
“I, I, L.” I stammered over my words, but I cleared my throat at his chuckle. “I mean, you are a part of this, and if you are free, would you like to stay? I have some of the prepared meals from the caff. I know it isn’t much, but I would like your thoughts on some things I want to talk about.” He watched me from against the wall, and then a small smirk graced his lips.
“I’m just going to shower, change and then I’ll head back then.” I felt the smile break across my lips and I nodded.
“Sounds great. I’ll take the time to break it to the girls that everyone they love is still alive. That way you don’t have to deal with any more tears.” He sagged.
“Thank you.” I could hear the relief in his voice. “I don’t think I could deal with any more.”
The knock sounded again, softer, and a little confused. I released the spell with a crack and Rowan opened the door. I could barely see around him, but the three girls froze. 
“Umm. My king.” Wendy flushed bright red. “We are looking for Amy.”
“And you are in the right place.” He opened the door wider and I waved from behind him. “Come on in.” Rowan stood aside as the three women walked in. “I’ll be back later.” He tossed out before walking out. Him, naked in the shower, blasted through my mind so fast I nearly hit my knees. But I shook my head, clearing the thought. He is not mine.
He could be if you wanted. Nix’s voice was full of laughter, obviously, you like him.
He is quite adorable, for the human side. Megan barked out a laugh and soon my two wolves were rolling over each other in my mind. My face heated, turning me a pleasant shade of red.
“Where is he going, and why is he coming back?” Hanna rushed over next to me to whisper, and I swore I nearly choked on my spit.
I coughed a few times and covered my cheeks with my hands. “He’s going to shower, and then he is coming back
to talk”
Hanna slid closer. “Why is he coming to talk?”
“We have a lot to cover. Let me grab my things and we can talk about everything” Everyone nodded and helped
+25 BONUS
Chapter 181
me pull my bags in off the carts. I stuffed the food into the fridge for now and turned to bring everything to the
bedroom.
We found Toya there wiping her face. “Sorry Amy.” She smiled, but it didn’t make it to her eyes.
I waved her back down to the bed and I waited for everyone to come into the room. I focused on my magic and slid a sound barrier into place.
“We have a lot to talk about.” Everyone nodded as we dropped my bags. I walked up to Toya. “The first thing I should cover is probably the most important.”
“What are you talking about?” Toya looked at everyone and waved. “Hey guys.”
Everyone said hello, but I was focused on Toya. Her eyes were a little swollen and red. I felt heartbroken knowing that she was in here crying while I was talking to Rowan. I slid on the end of the bed as everyone took a spot around the room. “What’s gong on?” Wendy looked between me and Toya.
“Everyone has heard the bad news. I’m not foolish enough to believe you haven’t.”
“We are sorry for your loss.” Micca started, but I waved her off.
“It was a lie. A lie that my father and the other alphas came up with to force people to make their move.”
Toya furrowed her brow. “What are you talking about?”
I grabbed her hand and I squeezed. “They are still alive, Toy. Everyone is still alive.”
###Next D 182
Chapter 182
Toya gripped my hand. “Amy, I appreciate the effort, but lease don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not.” I went to my lock box and pulled out my secret phone. I called my father’s number and waited.
Pup, you know you shouldn’t be calling me.”
“I know, daddy but I needed to hear your voice and there is someone here that needs to hear their father’s voice.”
I heard my father huff, and then there was a click. “Ok pup we can all hear you.”
I clicked the speaker on the phone. “I sealed the room so no one can hear us.”
“That’s good pup. Now, all the alphas are here. What do you need?”
I looked at Toya and held the phone closer to her. “Say hi.” 
Toya leaned in. I could see “Hello? Baba?”
“Toya, my love.” A rich voice called out, and Toya snatched the phone away. She sobbed as she clutched it to her
test.
“Baba, they said you were gone. That everyone was gone. Moma, Tiven, everyone.”
“We are still here. We are all still here. Amy there will explain it to you. You weren’t supposed to know.”
Toya sobbed longer as everyone looked on. “I’m sorry daddy, I couldn’t keep this from her. From them.”
“Who is all there?”
I went through the list. “I listed to my gut. They all needed to know.”
My father was quiet, but then there were a few murmurs. “Are you going to tell them everything?”
I thought about it. “As much as the goddess will allow.” My father would know what I meant. I would tell them as much as they needed until the feeling went away.
“Good.” I could hear the relief in his voice. “I’m sorry if you were scared, but it is necessary.”
“Toya, my love, listen to Amy. She knows what is going on and what is happening. I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you anything, but things are not as them seem.” A
“Okay Baba.” She sniffled as she wiped her eyes.
“Your mother is going to kill me, but it is good to hear your voice, pup. You can’t call our phones. They have been shut off, but trust me, everyone is safe.”
“How can I talk to you?” The hopeful question ung in the air. 1
“You can’t”
“Well, not regularly, but we might work out a monthly phone call on this phone.” My father offered a tiny branch of hope.
“You would do that for us?” Toya’s father’s voice was deep
“Of course.” My father’s voice was sincere.
“Without question.” My answer was quick as 1 stared at Toya. “This phone isn’t traceable. And my home will be secure, that I can promise you.”
Chapter 10
+25 BONUS
Toya nodded. “Thank you.
“I will set it up with your parents and I will message Amy.
“Thank you Alpha.” Toya smiled, and for the first
time today, it was a genuine smile.
“Just call me Gavin.” Toya handed back the phone and I could see tears dripping down her face. “Pup, can you take me off speaker?
I clicked it off and pulled it up to my ear. “Yeah Daddy?”
s
“Are you sure you can trust these girls?” I could hear Toya’s father’s rich voice and my father laughed. “Not your girl Terrence. The others.”
“Yes daddy. I can feel it. I can trust them. The goddess hasn’t guided me wrong yet.
My dad was silent. “Okay pup. I trust your judgement. ”
Thank you, daddy.” I looked at the confused faces of the others. “I’m going to go. Rowan will be her s have a lot to figure it out.”
1 
“Rowan? Like King Rowan?” His voice jumped up two octaves, and I wanted to laugh.
“Bye daddy.” I hung up the phone and put it back into my lock box.
“What is going on?” Hanna walked over and climbed into my bed next to Toya. “What’s wrong?”
and we 
Toya jumped into my arms. “Thank you.” She started to cry and Hanna was left with her arms behind Toya and I just smiled. I pulled her back and pressed my cheek against hers.
“We are connected.” Toya nodded and pulled back.
“We are.” She looked around. “We all are.” 
“Yes.” I stood and turned to face everyone. Hanna wrapped her arm around Toya. Micca and Wendy got onto the bed and I could feel something settle. “This right here, all of us, we are connected. I can feel that we were meant to meet.”
“I feel the same way.” Wendy smiled and Micca and Hanna nodded.
“I know everyone is confused. And I promise we will explain everything we can.”
“We?” Micca looked at Toya, but she shook her head. 
There was a soft knock and everyone turned as I released the spell. I waved my hand. “Come to the living room. We will explain it all right now.”
“Is she talking about…” Everyone followed me to the door and I opened the door.
“Hi.” I opened the door wider.
“Holy shit.” Micca’s voice was a whisper, but I couldn’t stop my laugh as Rowan walked in with a case of beer.
###Next D 183
Chapter 183
“He looked at the girls and back at me, you had food…so I brought drinks.”
“Holy shit.” Micca repeated as she grabbed Wendy’s hand. Please tell me we aren’t hanging out with our fucking king.” His voice was barely above a whisper.
1 dropped my head down and shook it. “Yes, Micca. We will hang out with him.” I gestured for him to come in, and he walked into the kitchen. He slid the beer into the fridge and fidgeted for a few minutes before coming back into the living room and handing me one beer.
“What have you covered?” He dropped onto the loveseat next to me and the girls kind of stood around before I laughed.
new
I sealed the apartment and cracked the beer. “Sit down.” I pointed to the couch and chair surrounding my coffee table. Everyone sat except Micca. “What?” I looked up at her and she shook her head, staring between Rowan and me.
“Is it okay if I grab a beer?” Her voice was breathy and confused.
Rowan smiled. “Of course.”
She looked around. “I’m sorry but if we are hanging out with the fucking king, the boogie man of our kind, I need a drink. Anyone else need one?” Everyone nodded, and she went to the fridge to grab four beers. She handed them out and settled on the couch next to Wendy.
Rowan looked at everyone and then twisted to face me. “The boogie man?”
I laughed. “Sort of. Most wolves haven’t met you, and being a Lycan, you are stronger, faster, and more powerful than all wolves.” He looked at me and raised his eyebrow. I just smirked. I wasn’t going to admit outright that his command didn’t work on me. “So most parents use you as a reason to stay in line.”
Wendy nodded. “My mom was worse. She actually knew you. I was terrified you were going to show up at my house when I was bad.” She cracked her beer and took a sip. “I’m still afraid of you, but you are a lot hotter than I had originally pictured” She slapped her hand over her month. “Did I just say that out loud?” She looked at Hanna, who sat in the chair. Hanna grimaced and nodded.
Rowan roared with laughter. “Thank you…”
“Wendy.” I answered his question. I pointed to each woman “Hanna, Wendy, Toya and Micca.”
“Nice to meet you all.” He took a drink and shook off his laughter. “You are here because Amy trusts you. And I want her to have people in her corner.” He looked between Toya and me. “You both will have the hardest time.”
“Why?” Toya opened her drink.
“Because we have to act like we lost our family while being targeted.”
“Targeted?” She leaned over her knees.
Me and Rowan both nodded. “We are targets. We are Alpha females who have been left with no ‘man‘ in our lives.” I started. 
“You are vulnerable without family.” Rowan put down his drink. “As hateful as it is, women are at a disadvantage in our world.” He steepled his fingers. “I have done my best to wipeout the old laws, but they are still enacted.”
“Who the hell does that?” Hanna shook her head in disgust
“Vince.” I answered, and the rest recoiled.
Chapter 18
+25 BONUS
“What?” Micca asked.
If a
“When my mother left my father when I was a baby, she transferred to Vinces pack. His first order was to enact the betrayal law.” I twirled my drink in my hands. “If you are wondering what the betrayal law is, I’ll tell you. female is betrayed by her goddess given mate after they had mated, then the alpha of the pact can enact a law that states that if the woman is unable to find another male to marry her within a certain timeline, my mothers was like two weeks, then she can become a slave. And if she has pups, they also become slaves to be used in any way the alpha sees fit, including sex.” I watched Rowan tense beside me. His hands were tight fists and I could hear the soft crack of his jaw from clenching: 1
“You have to be fucking joking “Toya snarled.
“Another obscure portion of the betrayal law is that any children that are grandfathered in to the law, by the mother failing to find a new husband, that they will forever be a slave. Unable to remove the status and unable to mate…ever.” I looked up and met everyone’s eyes. “I don’t assume everyone knows who I am, but I am sure you have heard of my mother. The luna that was betrayed by her mate only to marry another within ten days.” Everyone nodded.
“Everyone assumed she was cheating behind your father’s back and he found out and did the same.” 
I nodded. “Now you know the truth.”
###Next D 184
Chapter 184
“He tried to trap your mother and you as sex slaves?” Rowan’s voice was dark.
I just nodded. “My mother would never have touched another wolf if it was an option. It was the threat of me becoming a slave that pushed her to marry Morgan, and how he kept her under his thumb the entire time.”
“She did it to keep you safe,” Wendy whispered and I could see a single tear slip down her cheek.
“She is a good mom.” I nodded. “But that isn’t why I brought it up.” I looked at Toya. “I brought this up because I want you to see the men we have to face. The kind of men we will have to fight.”
“Fight?” Hanna tugged at her hair.
I looked at Rowan, and he cleared his throat. “How many of you know about the attacks from when you were babies? The ones that killed my father?” Everyone around the room nodded.
“We all do.” Toya answered. “My father taught me as a part of my training.”
Rowan nodded. “There are a few of us, the newer Alpha’s like Amy’s father, that believed that the attacks were a lot less random than they appeared.” He drew in a breath. Not to mention it was the first attack by rogues where it was a coordinated attack. Multiple packs were attacked. If it wasn’t for sheer luck, half the packs would be gone. All the packs that had new alphas appointed by my father were attacked at the same time. Something unheard of.”
“How were there that many rogues?” Micca leaned against the arm of the couch.
“We don’t keep track of rouges but there shouldn’t have been that many rogues.” Rowan stretched and laid his arm on the back of the loveseat.
I could feel the heat from his arm and I was momentarily distracted. “Not by a long shot. My father always said there was no way for that to have happened randomly. It was organized.”
“By who?” Wendy bite her thumbnail and stared at the table.
“That’s where we come in.” Everyone’s eyes snapped to me
“What?” Hanna pushed back against the leather.
“I’m going to lay everything out.” I leaned my chin against my clasped hands. “My father said that it is more likely that some alphas got together and decided they wanted to lead.”
“But the Lycans.” Micca started, and I nodded.
1
“Exactly.” I looked at Rowan. “My father thinks the king’s attack wasn’t the first attack, but the last in a series. He actually spoke to your father about his theory when he first inherited the pack” Rowan’s eyes darted between
mine.
“Why has he never told me?”
“1 can only assume, but he was pretty certain you hated him. And that you blamed him for your father’s death.”
I watched the stronger, sure man I knew crumple in front of me. “I never wanted him to feel that way.”
Η
I smirked. “Unfortunately for all of us, my father is pretty perceptive. Once he feels like you don’t like him, he will distance himself from you.”
“I was a kid.” He tried to defend himself.
“Yes, and he knows that. He never bad mouthed you. He understood where you were coming from. He was the made that was supposed to keep you dad safe, and he failed Rowan just nodded. “Anyway, my dad has been
#25 BONUS
Chapter 18
investigating the loss of the Lycans for years. And this summer, when I needed him, he helped me. But he asked me to help him.”
“With what?” Toya was invested.
“With hacking into Vince’s system. He has tried, but Vince has invested pretty heavily in security.”
“You know how to hack?” Wendy bounced. “That is so cool,
I laughed. “Not at all, but.” I looked at Rowan. “I’m going to spend every minute I can learn how to do it.”
“What do you need is to do?” Toya took her first drink. 1
“First, I want to train with you. I know we are going to fight at the end of this, and I need all of you to survive.” They all nodded. “Second, I need you all to help me and Toya.” I faced her. “We have to appear weak. We have to be vulnerable and approachable. Either the Alphas, or the council, will want to get us under their thumbs. We are the future mates of the packs and if they have a leader under their thumb to push their agenda, all the better.”
“The council is in on this too?” Wendy paled.
“I don’t know.” I turned to face Rowan. He shifted again, and his arm dropped from the back of the loveseat and slid against my back. I shivered, and I watched his pupils dilated. 2
“I don’t know either, but it’s better to be safe.” I nodded.
“Third, I need people I can trust. To work with, to grow with, to have in my corner as I isolate myself.” I faced everyone again. “War is coming for us, and 1, for one, would rather the good guys win.”
###Next D 185
Chapter 185
“War?” Everyone froze.
Rowan’s hand tightened at my waist and I wanted to shiver, but I nodded. “War.”
“How do you know?” Toya leaned closer. Everyone had finally settled in and forgotten that the king of our kind was sitting next to me.
“Has the goddess ever spoke to you?” I looked at her.
“The goddess? Like the moon goddess?” Micca nearly fell from her seat, but I just nodded.
“Some of us are blessed to communicate with our goddess. Some get feelings, guided by her hand. Shamans get visions.” Rowan looked at me, and I could see the question in his eyes. But I knew it wasn’t time. I shook my head slightly, and he refocused on Toya. “Some others are gifted from the goddess herself. Lycans, when they come of age, are visited by the goddess.”
“Visited how?” Wendy was almost enthralled.
“When my father died, and I inherited the throne, and when I came of age, the Goddess visited me in my dreams.”
“How do you know it wasn’t just a dream?” Hanna asked.
I could feel my forehead burn and I rubbed it. I heard a gasp go through the room, and Rowan chuckled. “As you can see, our goddess makes herself abundantly clear.” I looked at him and he slid his phone out of his pocket and snapped a photo. He turned the phone to face me and I was on his screen. My black curls hung over my shoulder, my lips held a bemused smile, and my blue eyes were soft. Hidden in their depths, I could see a hint of the longing I tried to deny for the man next to me. But it was the blazing silver crescent moon on my forehead that caught my breath. I nodded and he raised an eyebrow. “You are moon blessed?”
“Yeah.” I turned back to the girls, and they were just staring at me.
“Moon blessed…” Wendy’s voice held wonder. “I’ve read about someone being moon blessed, but the last one recorded was over three hundred years ago.”
“Fuck” Toya swallowed.
We all turned to her. “What’s wrong?”
“My father’s pack is new. Newer than most around today. But he learned to be an alpha from an old pack in Canada. It was one of the oldest packs known in the country Almost as old as the Silvermoon pack.” I nodded.
“The Oakangan pack in BC.” I offered, and she nodded.
“They had the last shaman before, the one that we have today.” Rowan pointed out.
Toya nodded. “Exactly. And the Shaman left them a vision that has been passed down since her time.”
“What?” Rowan’s hand tightened again, accidentally pulling me closer to his side. “I wasn’t informed.”
“It was supposed to be a secret. Alpha Warner told my father, and my father told me.” Toya wiped her face. “1 don’t even know if I should even tell you this, but…” Toya straightened her back. “When the moon blessed appears, the shift has begun. If the moon blessed fails, if the shaman is corrupted, the world as we know it ends. War will decimate our kind, and we will wither. The moon blessed is the first fight, and the shaman is the second. Both will have to succeed to save our kind.”
“Both?“
Chapter 185
“War?” Everyone froze.
Rowan’s hand tightened at my waist and I wanted to shiver, but I nodded. “War.”
“How do you know?” Toya leaned closer. Everyone had finally settled in and forgotten that the king of our kind was sitting next to me.
“Has the goddess ever spoke to you?” I looked at her.
“The goddess? Like the moon goddess?” Micca nearly fell from her seat, but I just nodded.
“Some of us are blessed to communicate with our goddess. Some get feelings, guided by her hand. Shamans get visions.” Rowan looked at me, and I could see the question in his eyes. But I knew it wasn’t time. I shook my head slightly, and he refocused on Toya. “Some others are gifted from the goddess herself. Lycans, when they come of age, are visited by the goddess.”
“Visited how?” Wendy was almost enthralled.
“When my father died, and I inherited the throne, and when I came of age, the Goddess visited me in my dreams.”
“How do you know it wasn’t just a dream?” Hanna asked.
I could feel my forehead burn and I rubbed it. I heard a gasp go through the room, and Rowan chuckled. “As you can see, our goddess makes herself abundantly clear.” I looked at him and he slid his phone out of his pocket and snapped a photo. He turned the phone to face me and I was on his screen. My black curls hung over my shoulder, my lips held a bemused smile, and my blue eyes were soft. Hidden in their depths, I could see a hint of the longing I tried to deny for the man next to me. But it was the blazing silver crescent moon on my forehead that caught my breath. I nodded and he raised an eyebrow. “You are moon blessed?”
“Yeah.” I turned back to the girls, and they were just staring at me.
“Moon blessed…” Wendy’s voice held wonder. “I’ve read about someone being moon blessed, but the last one recorded was over three hundred years ago.
“Fuck.” Toya swallowed.
We all turned to her. “What’s wrong?
IF
“My father’s pack is new. Newer than most around today. But he learned to be an alpha from an old pack in Canada. It was one of the oldest packs known in the country Almost as old as the Silvermoon pack.” I nodded.
“The Oakangan pack in BC.” I offered, and she nodded.
“They had the last shaman before, the one that we have today.” Rowan pointed out.
Toya nodded. “Exactly. And the Shaman left them a vision that has been passed down since her time.”
“What?” Rowan’s hand tightened again, accidentally pulling me closer to his side. “I wasn’t informed.”
“It was supposed to be a secret. Alpha Warner told my father, and my father told me.” Toya wiped her face. “I don’t even know if I should even tell you this, but…” Toya straightened her back. “When the moon blessed appears, the shift has begun. If the moon blessed fails, if the shaman is corrupted, the world as we know it ends. War will decimate our kind, and we will wither. The moon blessed is the first fight, and the shaman is the second. Both will have to succeed to save our kind.”
“Both?”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 165
“I don’t even know who the shaman is.” Rowan had a slightly panicked look on his face.
“I do.” I grabbed his other hand with mine. I could feel his wolf settle as he stared at me. “We can do this.”
He nodded. And Toya sat back. “War really is coming.” Her voice was a little breathless. Rowan and I turned to look at all the girls, and I nodded.
“It is.” I squeezed Rowan’s hand. “But we will be ready. And all of us will fight for our packs, for our families, for our future and the future of our kind.” I could feel Nix and Megan sliding closer to the surface. “The rogues don’t care about the future of our packs, nor the future of werewolf kind. They are kept apart for a reason.”
Rowan nodded. “These wolves have either gone rabid, or banished from their packs for committing heinous crimes. These wolves are at the end of their rope and willing to change it all.” Rowan pulled his hand from around my pack and he inadvertently trailed his fingers against the exposed skin on my back, causing goosebumps to prickle at my skin.
“How does a wolf go rabid?” Hanna asked.
This was such a hard question to answer. “We don’t know one hundred per cent. But there is usually a high emotional loss to the wolf.” Rowan tried to explain, 
I nodded. “Three years ago, a woman in my father’s pack was killed in an attack. She was eight months pregnant with a pup. I went with my father to inform the guard that his mate was attacked, and she was lost to the goddess.”
###Next D 186
Chapter 186
“On goddess. What happened?” Wendy covered her mouth,
I closed my eyes, remembering the scene. “He dropped to lus knees, and howled. It was the most heartbreaking noise I have ever heard. Then in seconds, his eyes changed from the crystal green they were to blood red. His face half shifted, and with the last remaining shred of humanity he had, instead of attacking us, he took off into the forest.”
“He went rabid that quickly?” Micca’s mouth dropped open.
“It isn’t a slow process.” Rowan clasped his hands and leaned on his knees. “It’s like the human soul is ripped from the wolves. Leaving the beast alone with the pain and having no way to work through it.”
I nodded. “There has been only one rabid wolf in history that has come back from it.” I remembered my father told me the story of the wolf after I watched the man go rabid. “It was a she–wolf that had been betrayed by her mate. He killed their pup because it was a girl and he wanted a boy. She went rabid and stayed in the wild for a hundred and sixty–three years.”
“How did she come back?” Hanna gripped the edge of her seat.
“She processed the grief. And she found her second chance mate. They were able to mate, and they had three pups.” I smiled.
“How do you know?”
“She was the mother of my father’s beta.” I answered. It was a secret Ronnie kept close to his chest, but his mother was the only wolf to pull herself back from the wild. “Her wolf was always a little feral afterwards, but her mate was able to calm her.”
Everyone looked at Rowan, and he just nodded. “Shan was always a little terrifying” He smiled. “My father used her as my boogie man.” I laughed. The ridiculousness of a Lycan being afraid of a she–wolf was hilarious. But Rowan shook his head. “You laugh now, but when Shan was alive, she was terrifying. My dad was super close to Gavin and Ronnie, to the absolute annoyance of Vince and Carren.” Everyone furrowed their brows. “Amy’s grandfather. He hated the fact that my dad liked Amy’s. My father even hinted, very vocally, that Garren should step down when Gavin had come of age.”
“Did he?” Wendy was invested in the story, I could tell, and I just smiled as I shook my head.
“Nope.” Rowna looked at me. “My dad started the campaign for Gavin to step up when he was still decently young. Around his thirties or forties. But Garren refused until thirty years ago. Gavin stepped up when I was young.” He slipped his hand on to mine. “I grew up with your dad being my uncle. And when my father died, and I blamed him, he took it hard.” 1
I nodded. “He never brought it up, but whenever you were mentioned, I could see his whole demeanor change. H was hurting, and he thought you hated him.”
“I did. I hated him for a long time. But I realized recently that he wasn’t in charge of keeping my father safe. Our guards were. The council my father appointed was. And they failed.” He clasped his hand in mine and looked into my eyes. “He was protecting what was most important to him. You and your mother. And then he was fixing his pack, then losing you and your mother. When I finally found out the truth about what happened, I knew he had his own demons to face, and hating him was wrong. He was just doing his best for his family.”
I nodded. “He has done his best for me in my entire life.”
“As a father should. As my dad did.” Rowan smiled and the dropped my hand. “Now that we have that out of the way and we brought the entire vibe of room down, how about we eat?” Just as he said that, his stomach growled
+25 BONUS
Chapter 186
loudly.
Everyone laughed. “I’m starving.” Toya stood up and finished the rest of her beer. “And I need a new drink.”
I looked over at the table, but I wasn’t feeling it. “Yes.” I sat up and drank the rest of my drink. I followed Toya into the kitchen and Rowan stood after the. 
“I’ll help.” I smiled at him over my shoulder.
“Sure.” I opened my fridge and handed Toya six beers and shooed her away. She left Rowan and me in the kitchen with a quick wink and a smile. I pulled out all the dinners I had and place them on the counter. “What do you want?” I turned to face Rowan and realized he was right behind me. I reeled back, but I was pressed against the counter. I could feel my heart pounding as he leaned in, and I thought, for a second, he might kiss me.
He leaned against me, and my breath caught. He was staring at me as he reached around me. I felt my eyes close, and I swore I could feel the slight graze of his lips against mine…and then he grabbed a meal and pulled away.
###Next D 187
Chapter 187
I was frozen in my spot when he pulled away. My eyes snapped open and I could see his self–assured smile as het turned away with his meal.
If I could die right this second, I would.
Well, well, well. Nix’s voice was amused. I thought you said you weren’t interested in him?
Amy, are you okay? Megan’s soft question caught me off guard.
Why wouldn’t she be? Nix was just as confused as I was.
Megan came closer and started to rub her side against the wall in my mind. Because… She started. She didn’t want to like Rowan because of us. We are waiting for your mate, Nix. You, yourself, are interested in Erubus. Falling for a man, specifically our king, would be hard. Knowing he will be selecting a queen, or finding his mate, is even worse. Megan paused. No matter what happens, Rowan isn’t for her and she knows it.
Nix was quiet. I didn’t think of that. I felt her following Megan, pressing herself against the wall. If Rowan is who you want, I would give his wolf a shot. He is the king, so he will be strong. I haven’t set myself on Erubus, yes I like him, but I won’t force you to be with a man you don’t want to be.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. “I won’t do that to you again.” Brandon had taught me that if we were going to end up with any man, I want all of us to agree with him. Plus, Rowan, like Megan said, was destined for someone else.
I could feel the burn of tears behind my eyes, but I was being stupid. He is just a man, a man who obviously doesn’t like me. 1
You don’t know if he likes you or not. Nix offered.
“If he liked me, he would have kissed me.” I shook my head and grabbed the meals. I took a deep breath before walking out. “Choose a meal.” I laid the choices on the table and everyone grabbed their choice. I brought the rest back to the kitchen and picked one I wanted. “Does anyone need their heated up?”
I put mine to the side and went back into the living room to heat everyone’s dinner up. After everything was done, I passed out utensils and turned the tv on for background noise.
When I sat down with my meal, I slid off the loveseat and onto the floor. Rowan looked at me weirdly, but I put my food on the table and ignored his look as I ate. 
I felt him shift closer, and I wanted to pull away. I don’t know what he was playing at. If he just liked the attention or what, but I didn’t enjoy being toyed with. But I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of knowing he was bothering me.
Sooner or later, he would have his mate, and I would fade from his mind.
It might not be what you are thinking, Amy. Megan tried to comfort me. Not everyone is like Vince and Brandon.
All I could do what nod. In my head, I knew that. But with everything that happened in my first like. I wasn’t going to trust any man. They would have to prove their intentions with action.
And Rowan proved that he wasn’t really interested in me.
Again, the thought made me want to cry. I couldn’t understand why I was so emotional today.
My phone rang when I had that thought, and I checked the caller ID. It was my mom.
I answered. “Mom?” Her sobs hit ine in my chest and I closed my eyes. “Mom, what’s wrong?
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 187
“You father is gone, baby.”
“What?” I just talked to him. What did she mean he was gone?
“There was an attack today, and the pack was wiped out.” The words hit me in my chest. She didn’t know the truth and I couldn’t tell her over the phone, either. Fuck. “Come home. I need you to come home.”
“I can’t leave mom.” I whispered the words. I could feel everyone’s eyes on me. “No one is allowed to leave school. without an armed guard now.”
“Then I’m coming to you.”
“I moved out of my dorm.” I explained that some of us were being moved to the apartment building.
ing. “Come here, mom. I’ll tell Sterling to send you up to my apartment.” People would know soon enough that I moved in here. But I didn’t want them to know I was in the penthouse. No one but the ones in here would know.
“Okay baby. I’m on my way.” Her sobs ripped my chest open as she hung up. I looked down at my phone for a moment, a little lost. The silence that followed was deafening.
###Next D 188
Chapter 188
+25 BONUS
1 looked up, surprised when I found everyone’s eyes on me “Sorry, my mom is heading this way.”
Toya stood and collected all the garbage and brought it into the kitchen. “Let’s go ladies.” Toya called as she dumped everything in to the trash.
“What?” Wendy called out as she stood.
Toya stepped out of the kitchen and looked back at me. “I don’t know how long we have, but Amy is about to have a very hysterical woman who lost her mate in her hands.” Toya gave a soft smile. “She gets to explain to her devastated mother that her dad is still alive and then she is going to have a very livid luna on her hands.”
“Oh fuck.” Hanna jumped up. “No offense Amy, I don’t have the ability to deal with a distraught luna that might rampage at any moment.”
I just nodded. “Yeah. It won’t be pretty.” I stood and smiled “Honestly, it’s fine. We can work out all the details tomorrow about training and figure out a time that works for everyone.” I looked around as everyone stood. “Can you all meet me in the caff at seven thirty tomorrow morning?
“That works for me.” Wendy stood and walked to the door,
H
Everyone else nodded as they headed that way, I walked everyone to the door. “Make sure you bring your schedules.” I turned to look back at Rowan, who was still seated on the loveseat, but I turned back to the girls. Thank you for coming. Toya?”
“Yeah?”
“Can you tell Sterling that my mother will be here soon and to send her up?”
“Of course.” She leaned in and whispered into my ear. “Good luck with him.” She nodded towards Rowan and smirked.
My heart wanted to speed, but I knew I had to keep my head on straight. This would not end the way I wanted it to
end.
“Have a good night.” Rowan called back to everyone, and they waved as they walked out.
I shut the door and turned back to Rowan. I awkwardly pointed to the kitchen. “I’m just going to see if I have something o clean up.” I hurried away and didn’t see the smirk that hit his face.
“Tonight was interesting.” He started, and I heard his voice moving closer as I looked up. He rounded the fridge.
“Oh?”
“Yeah. It gave me more insight into everything going on.”
I nodded. He was right; it illuminated everything. “Yeah.” agreed. I bent down and found sponges and dish soap under the counter. “This place has everything.” I thought whispered, but Rowan’s voice sounded above me.
“That’s because I had Sterling stock this place with basic things we had in my place, so you had enough to survive until you went shopping tomorrow.”
I stood, backing up, so I didn’t hit my head on the counter, and I nearly screamed as my butt backed into his legs. I jolted forward and hit my hips off the counter, hissing from the pain as I hit.
“Fuck, that hurt.” I dropped the sponge and soap into the sink and then I was turned around. His fingers lifted my shirt and tugged down my pants a little, baring my hips to his eyes.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 188
“Are you okay? Let me see.” The concern in his voice was surprising, but I felt my face burn when his fingers trailed over the bared skin. I tried to back away, but he held my side. “Stay still. I’m trying to see how bad it is.” His voice was distracted as he knelt in front of me. I could feel his breath on my skin as he leaned closer. “I don’t see any bruise yet, but the redness looks painful.” I stared down at him and I could feel my lower half clench, grow damp. I bit my lip. Please, goddess, don’t do this when he is right there.
I felt my mouth dry up as he leaned in. I could hear his soft, rhythmic breathing change, and I knew he noticed. My face grew hotter, and I wanted to die. “It’s okay.” I tried to turn again, but he held me tight.
I closed my eyes briefly and clamped my hands on the counter before I talked myself into looking down again. When I finally worked up the courage, I looked down and I met his eyes.
He was staring up at me, and I could see the subtle flaring of his nostrils as he breathed my scent in. I wanted to run away. I could tell by his blown out pupils he could scent my arousal.
“You look like you’re about to run.” His voice was soft, his breath heated my skin, and I grew damper. “Are you going to run, little rabbit?” His hands slid up my sides as he stood, and I shivered. I leaned back as he pressed against me. He leaned into me. His lips coming against mine, but not touching. “If you run, little rabbit, I will chase you.”
###Next D 189
Chapter 189
The knock on the door has the two of us jumping apart. I stared up at him with wide eyes. What the fuck was that? Was he toying with me now? I shook my head to clear the muddled thoughts racing through my mind. I needed to take a few steps back, but the counter was behind me. I wanted to push him away, but I knew if I touched him, I would fall apart. I would jump into his arms and I would allow him to walk over my heart like I did with Brandon.
He isn’t him. Megan’s soft voice countered my inner thoughts. He is nice, and just, and-
And not mine. I stopped her. If I allow myself to think about him in any other way, I think I will shatter this time. He might not be Brandon, but I never really liked him as a person. I loved him as my mate because we were destined to be together. As the moon goddess intended, but I never viewed him as a friend, a partner. Someone I could grow with. I felt the burn of tears. I can see that with Rowan.
Then why not? Nix’s voice was softer than I had ever heard her. Why not see where this could go?
Because. I looked up into his eyes that were searching mine. Because he doesn’t actually want me. I have to be smarter than I was in my last life. We need to be smarter. I coughed as I realized we were just staring at each other. “I should get that.” I looked away as I reached back to turn off the water. I trailed against the cupboards, trying my best not to touch him, but his eyes trailed me the entire time. I rounded the corner and wiped away the tear that finally fell as I straightened my shoulders.
“Yeah. Sure.” Rowan’s voice trailed me and I closed my eyes for a second, leaning against the wall to collect myself. But I didn’t have long as the knock sounded again and I could hear the faint sniffles coming from my mother. I think Rowan heard her too. His voice came closer. “I should actually get going.” I felt a punch to my gut, but I shook it off. This was for the best. This is what I needed.
“Of course.” I smiled as he rounded the corner. He stared at my face for a second too long, and I knew he probably caught the slight redness in my eyes from fighting the tears. I coughed again and turned back to the door. “Thank you for coming. I appreciated the backup when talking to everyone. You aren’t mad that I told them? That I’m going to tell my mother?”
“No.” Rowan’s voice was soft. I felt a slight breeze near my shoulder and I closed my eyes. Please, goddess, don’t let him touch me. I prayed. “I won’t be around, and I want you to have people you can trust around you.”
“Good.” I smiled. “Thank you for the apartment. It is amazing.” I smiled over my shoulder.
“No worries.” Rowan ran a hand through his hair. “Amy?” could tell he wanted to discuss it. But I cut my eyes away before he caught the sheen of tears in my eyes.
Please don’t. I begged. Not right now. “Yeah?” I turned as we reached the door. 
“Nothing.” His eyes cut away as he tucked his hands into the front pockets of his jeans. “I’m heading back out tonight, and I don’t know when I will get to see you next.”
“Oh.” I felt hallow as his words hit me like physical blows. I understand. You are the king.”
He nodded. “And from the looks of what happened today, have a lot of things I need to clean up.” He closed his eyes. “About today..
“Don’t even worry about it. It’s my fault.” I smiled up at him and opened the door, effectively cutting off any conversation we would have had. I don’t think I would survive him telling me he couldn’t or wouldn’t be with me.
He is not your mate. He is not your mate. I ran the words through my mind on repeat. The tears were getting closer to spiling over and I really didn’t want him here to witness it.
“Baby.” My mom’s voice broke the tension, and we both turned to face her. Her dark brown hair was a mess, her face swollen and red from her sobs. Her eyes with shifted to her wolves, and I knew she was about to break apart.
Chapter 189
+25 BONUS
He…” She stumbled over her words when she saw Rowan. But her grief won out. “He’s gone baby. You dad is gone.” She practically ran into my arms and as I wrapped my arms around her waist, she shattered. 3
###Next D 190
Chapter 190
+25 BONUS
Her sobs were ragged, but it was the screams that broke me We crumpled to the floor as she screamed her pain, and all I could do was hold her and allow her to release it. She wouldn’t listen to me until she did. It wasn’t until I heard the door shut that I realized Rowan had left.
I grabbed her around her shoulders, and under her legs and picked her up. I carried her to my bedroom and laid her on my bed. And then I did the only thing I could. I pulled the phone out of the lockbox and I dialed my father.
It was late, but I could only hope he would answer. I slid in behind my mother and I waited for the ringing to stop I closed my eyes in defeat when the call went unanswered and his voice played in my ear.
“Hi, you have reached Alpha Gavin Maclean. I’m currently busy, but I will get back to you.” My mothers screamed again as she heard my father’s voice.
“He’s gone.” Her scream shook the sliding glass door. I hung up the phone and called back. “I told you he was gone, baby.” She grabbed a pillow and screamed into it again. I nearly cried out in relief when I heard the call 
connect.
“Hi.” He started, but I think my mom’s sobs stopped him mid sentence.
“Stop calling him. He won’t answer.” Her voice wobbled. “just got him back and now he’s gone.” Her popped open when I handed her the phone. 
“My love?” My father’s calm voice came over the speaker and my mother froze.
“How?” she choked out. She looked to me and I saw the confusion and ache there. “Please tell me this is real.” Herr voice was a whisper, and I could only nod. “Gav?”
“Hey baby. I’ve missed your voice,” He answered and I could see the shudder run through my mother’s body.
“You’re dead.” She pulled the phone away. “You’re dead.” I watched as she clicked the video call button and she waited. “Please don’t be dead.” She watched the call connect and my father’s face filled the screen. She dropped the phone and covered her eyes as she sobbed harder.
“Baby? Look at me.” My father’s voice was muffled, the phone laying on my mother’s chest as she sobbed into her hands. I picked up the phone and held it up. “Hi pup.”
“Hi daddy.” 1 snuggled next to my mom, holding the phone out to where she could see. “Momma. It was a lie. One that we couldn’t explain over just any phone or mind link because you know Vince and the others are watching.” I wrapped my arm around her as her sobs started to get quieter.
“Baby, we are all here. All safe. We moved to the Agora cabins, out of the way of prying eyes.” My dad had a slightly panicked look in his eyes. “I am so sorry, I wanted to warn you, to tell you. But we needed this reaction.”
My mother pulled her hands down. “This reaction?” Her voice still held her pain, her anger, but she was focusing on him now.
“Yes baby. Vince and Morgan aren’t stupid. They know you were still holding love for me. If you didn’t have this reaction to my death, then they would have known something was up.” I could see the need on his face. “I wish I was there to hold you. To kiss you. To prove to you, I’m not dead. But I can’t.”
“But everyone is alive?” My mother’s voice was hopeful.
My dad nodded. “We all made it to the Agora. Including the five other packs we are helping. I sealed off the way to the cabin for Carl and Carly after making sure deliveries were set up from my account every week for supplies and building materials. We hope that all of this is handled before he completes the cabin.” His voice was soft. “I have told no one where the cabin is actually located, so they should be safe and sound there.” My dad glanced at me.
Chapter 190
+25 BONUS
Carly said that when it was time, Amy would find them.”
I just nodded, and I leaned in and kissed my mom’s temple You two have a lot to cover. I will leave you here to discuss it all.” I popped up. “I’m exhausted. I have to meet up with everyone early morning and I know this is going to take a long time to go through. So I am going to go to sleep on my couch.” I smiled and grabbed a blanket and pillow. I went and dropped it on the couch and then went back to my room to grab clothes to shower and change.
“I can’t believe you are still alive. I love you so much, Gav.” My mom’s words faded as I closed the bathroom door.
###Next D 191
Chapter 191
+25 BONUS
I woke with a jolt. My mother was standing over me with slightly swollen eyes. “Baby?” I wiped my eyes.
“Mom, is everything okay?” I grabbed for my phone on the table. It was six in the morning and I wanted to cry. I finally crawled under the covers at almost midnight, and I loved sleep.
“It’s morning. I didn’t mean to scare you, but I’m heading out.” I sat up and rubbed my eyes again.
“Are you sure?” I grabbed for her and pulled her down by my legs. “How are you doing?”
“I’m okay, baby.” She leaned in and kissed my forehead. “I shouldn’t have come here.” She ran her hands down my hair.
“Of course you can come here, mom. Any place I am you can come. Anytime.” I reached for her other hand. “I will never be too old to not need my mother.” I smiled at her.
But she shook her head. “No, baby.” She closed her eyes and looked over my shoulder. She was thinking about something. “I was selfish.”
“What do you mean?” I felt her hands convulse in mine.
“If, goddess forbid, your father was actually lost…” She shook her head. “I never should have come here to cry to you. You would have just lost your father and here I am coming to make the pain so much worse by layering my pain on top of yours. I was selfish last night. Thankfully, you father is still here, and you knew it. But I need to do better.” I watched as her eyes hardened. “I will get back to who I was when your father loved me.”
“He still loves you.” I whispered, and the smile that broke across her face was amazing.
“I know.” She nodded. “I know he loves me. But I’m not the same woman he fell for.”
“You made yourself small.” I leaned into her hand as she cupped my cheek.
“I did.” She agreed.
“Why?” I always wanted to know.
1
“Because.” She huffed out a breath. “The men in Vince’s pack expect weak or stupid women. They need the women who fall in line and don’t question their decisions of else they feel small and lash out.” Her eyes found mine. “I made myself small so that you would learn to make yourself small.” I felt a tear hit our entwined hands. And I’m sorry for it. I never wanted you to make yourself small, but to survive in this pack, we needed to.” I felt. her squeeze my hand and I nodded.
“Yeah.” I thought back to my first life, and she was right. The men in Vince’s pack expect dumb or weak women, including their luna.
“I feel like you made yourself small in your first life. Small enough that even Shannon felt big enough to walk all over you. And I am so sorry for that.”
“Don’t be.” I shifted and leaned my head against her shoulder. “Without my first life, I would never have made it this far in this life. Without being small, I wouldn’t have realized just how big I could be, how strong I could be, how powerful I could be.” I drew in a deep breath. “Without being with Brandon and losing my child, my life, my everything, I would have never have realized what kind of man I want in my life.” My mind flashed to Rowan, and I fell
my heart break a little. “And I wouldn’t have realized what I was willing and not willing to accept from my mate. I needed to learn everything Brandon and my baby offered so that this time around, I could have my Lycan, my wolf, and my power. This time around, I could be as strong as I was without any of the excuses or the expectations to make myself smaller.” I nudged her. “I need to find the courage to be who the goddess needs me to be. So I don’t regret it. You taught me what I needed to learn, when I needed to learn it.”
###Next D 192
Chapter 192
1 stretched my neck as I walked into the caff. Sleeping on my couch was about as comfortable as you assume. I felt my neck pop, and I wanted to groan. I shook myself as I headed to the line to grab breakfast. I needed food and caffeine as soon as possible. 
I grabbed a tray and waited for my turn. I felt myself wobble on my feet. I was more tired than I thought.
It’s also the emotional side of things that is weighing you down. Megan’s voice called from the darkness of the forest in my mind. Last night wiped you out. First it was Toya’s emotions, then your own, and you ended the night with your mother’s emotions pressing down on you.
It takes a toll. Nix agreed, and I had to nod. They were right. I was physically and emotionally exhausted. If I could have missed today I would have, but I set this meeting up last night with everyone and we had a plan to make.
“Excuse me.” A soft voice called from behind me. I turned to see an omega male.
“Yes?”
His eyes widened. “It’s your turn to grab food.” He pointed to the line, and I turned back to realize I was just standing there.
“Thank you,” I smiled back at him and moved down the line, filling my plate. I grabbed two coffees because I needed the boost and turned to pay, but the woman waved her hand.
“As of the announcement yesterday from our king, all food from now on will be free, except the prepared dinner kits.”
“Thank you.” I turned to leave, but then I heard a crash behind me and turned to see the omega on his hands and knees, trying to pick up the spilled food and a group of young men standing around him, pointing and laughing. Instantly Nix’s hackles her raised, and Megan slunk out of the forest, teeth bared.
Neither of my wolves would stand by as someone was bullied. I placed my tray back on the counter at the cashier. The cashier’s eyes widened as she saw my face, but she just whispered. “I’ll keep your food here.”
I nodded and walked back to the male on the ground. He was softly whispering, “I’m sorry, it’s my f
fault.”
The men were still laughing. But I just walked over and knocked all the trays out of their hands on to their clothes. Their laughter stopped instantly.
“What the fuck do you think you are doing?” The first guy faced me and I couldn’t see any recognition. He had no idea who I was. Good, this will make it so much better.
I pointed to the ground. “Clean it.” All the men froze.
“What?”
“I said, clean. It. Up.” I took a step closer to them with each word.
“No.” The lead guy scoffed.
1 pointed to the omega. “Isn’t that what you just did to him: You knocked down his food and then made him clean it up. Right? This is something funny to do. So clean it.” I growled, eyes flashing 
These men seemed to be too fucking stupid to scent the danger. Nix, Megan and I were all on the same page on this. No one bullied people around us. Especially unranked or low ranked wolves. Omegas were the backbone of any pack. They handled the day–to–day necessities of the survival of the pack. They fed us, cleaned for us, took care of us. And they enjoyed it. And they were the only ones higher ranked wolves didn’t mind in their nests.
Chapter 192
+25 BONUS
“He’s an omega. A male omega.” The lead guys scoffed.
“What is your point?” I stepped closer, and I sniffed. “Your what? A low gamma?” I threw my head back and laughed. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
The man looked bewildered. “What?”
“You are the lowest rank fucking possible, and you think you have the right to bully an omega?” I laughed harder. Bending down at my waist to catch my breath. While I was bent over, I grabbed for the omega. “Get up.” His eyes flashed to mine and I could see a tiny bit of panic, but it was smothered by the hope there. Once he stood, I wrapped my arm around his waist. “Let me be very clear here.” I stepped closer to the male. “An omega is more important than your fucking pathetic rank. And you have zero fucking ability to make this man feel less than when you can barely wield a command.”
I watched as my words hit his precious little ego. “What the fuck did you just say?”
But I was too tired to deal with his big man syndrome. I slammed my aura out and the group of guys dropped to the floor. “Clean this shit up. It’s not the workers here’s job to clean the mess you made. And listen to me when I say this. Do not treat omegas, or any unranked wolves like they are less than you.” I waited until they all nodded, then I walked away.
2.2
###Next D 193
Chapter 193
The others were already sitting when I walked over. Toya was openly staring at me with a smirk. “Did you have a little fun in line there, Amy?”
I chuckled, but I was still angry. “It’s like a rot in this fucking school.” I slammed into my seat as the others just stared at me. “No matter where I turn, someone is bullying someone. When did this become our status quo? We are not fucking humans.” I had to calm myself down, but this is kinda perfect. It shows that I’m not doing well. I allowed tears to come to my eyes and I shook my head. “I’m sorry.” I wiped at my face in frustration.
“It’s okay.” Toya followed my lead and wrapped her arm around my shoulder. I heard her sniffle, and a tear hit my shoulder.
“Look at how pathetic you two look.” Instantly, Nix was at the surface. Fur rippled down both of our arms. Black against her dark brown. We looked at each other and both of our eyes were shifted.
We separated and looked behind us to find Nina and her band of idiots. And Nix ripped a growl so vicious, they all took a step back. “I will give you one fucking chance, Nina. I felt my mouth shift to my fangs. “Turn around and leave us.”
Nina rallied, and she smirked. “Or what? Are you going to get your daddy to-
I didn’t give her a chance to finish her sentence. I launched out of my seat and tackled her. I slammed my fists into her face over and over. I heard and felt her nose snap, but I kept going.
Everything else fell away and all I could focus on was how much damage I was dealing to her. I wouldn’t use my claws, even though I wanted to. So I used my fists, my knees. Anything I could to break anything else on her. I couldn’t get over the smirk on her face. She was aiming to shatter what was left of my control, and she would have if my father was dead.
She is lucky I hadn’t lost myself to killing her. But I was using this moment to really hammer home she should fear me.
After I had her subdued, I pulled back enough to really get into this. I knew this would be the only real chance I had to get my point across.
I started on her fingers; I snapped each and every one of them. Then I broke her forearms. I ripped her shoulders out of their sockets. I started to pummeled her chest, attempting to break each and every rib as someone ripped me off of her.
Once I was pulled away, I released another growl. I whirled to face whoever was holding me back and I raised my hands. Only to find Brandon and Vince were holding their hands up, trying to calm me down. I released another growl, spit dripping from my fangs. “Why did you pull me off of her?” I screamed, making the two men flinch away from me.
Brandon’s mouth was floundering like a fish, but Vince’s voice was calm. “You were going to kill her.”
“She deserved it.” I snapped back. My voice sounded vicious even to me.
Vince’s eyes tightened, but he pointed to Nina on the ground. “Take her to the infirmary.” I growled again, the fur rippling, freezing everyone around us. “Talk to me Amy, what happened?” Vince stepped closer, hands still raised.
Toya came up next to me and wrapped her arm around my waist. “You know what happened yesterday?” She offered matter–of–factly.
I watched as a flash of pride crossed Vince’s face. He couldn’t stop the tiny smirk if he wanted to. But it was like a flash in the pan. There one second, gone the next. “Yes.” His voice was soft, placating “I am so sorry for both of your losses.” I growled, and Toya’s hand tightened around my side. A soft signal to calm down.
Chapter 103
+25 BONUS
“Thank you.” Toya wiped at her face, playing her part perfectly. “Anyway, Amy already had an interaction in the food line, protecting an Omega from a group of Gammas. But the Nina came and did probably the stupidest thing she could have done to us, and Amy lost the hold she had on her wolf.”
Vince winced. “What did she say?”
Toya shook her head as if the words were too hard to get past. I snapped my teeth, playing the uncontrolled and slightly rabid alpha, causing Vince to step back unconsciously.
Wendy stood and came over, wrapping her arm around the other side of me. “She taunted both of them, Alpha Vince. She was using yesterday’s tragedy to provoke Amy, and she got what she wanted, but not the outcome she expected.”
“What do you mean?”
“Amy told her to leave us alone, but Nina just smirked and asked, or what? Are you going to get your daddy…well. she didn’t get much further than that before Amy tackled her.”
###Next D 194
Chapter 194
Vince closed his eyes and shook his head. “I will make an announcement later. No one should be stupid enough to rub that in any wolf’s face, but to do it to an Alpha is asking for death.” He huffed out a breath. “Are you okay now, Amy?”
I made it look like I was fighting Nix for control. I started to shake, and she receded slowly, laughing the entire time. *
This is
going to be fun. Nix chortled as she slunk back into the dark forest of my mind.
The fur receded, and my eyes and fangs shifted back. I watched as Vince and Brandon both breathed out a sigh of relief. “I should say I am sorry for losing control, but I’m not. Nina deserved everything I did to her.” I scoffed. ” She’s lucky I didn’t kill her.” I turned to Toya and Wendy. Thank you.”
“Always.” The two of them squeezed my sides and then sat back down in front of their food.
I turned
to Vince. “Am I in trouble?”
He stared at me, really stared at me as if he was trying to figure something out, but then he slowly shook his head. “Anyone would have done the same.” He cracked his neck “She is just stupid enough to think she was stronger than you. I can only assume she thought you would be too sad to do anything or weak enough to overpower you if you did attack.” Vince turned a circle and was looking at the rest of the students. “I don’t think anyone else will be stupid enough to try that now.”
A soft chuckle went through the room. Then a voice came from the back. “I think you scared the shit out of everyone here. It was scary…and hot at the same time.” Another, louder laugh went through the caff.
I shook my entire body, trying to pull back from the anger. I was so tired of Nina and her ilk, but I was stuck here. for a few years and I need to refocus on what was important
“Am I in trouble?” I looked at Vince, and I could feel my eyes were still hostile. But hopefully, he didn’t take the challenge.
He rubbed the back of his neck, but before he said anything. Brandon came close. “Amy, what happened was definitely not ideal, but for an alpha who just started shifting, you showed immense restraint.” He turned to look at his dad and I could see Vince’s lips turn up for a second. Obviously, this was planned. “Dad…I think we should let this go for now. Nina started this by even bringing up the tragedy that happened yesterday. If it was a man, I know I would have attacked.”
Vince thought for a moment. “If it was me, I would have done something similar. But this can’t happen again.” I drew in a breath. “Thank you Alpha Vince.” I turned to Brandon and gave him a tiny smile. “Thank you for standing up for me.”
Brandon looked a little star struck, but he recovered. “Of course.”
I gave them both a nod and turned back to the table and my food. I wasn’t going to rush this, Brandon and Vince know how much I hate them and if I did a one eighty in a day, they would know something was up. I had to play this smart. Give a tiny fraction at a time. Allow them to think they are pulling me in, so that when I am ready to strike, it’s a surprise.
Toya grabbed my hands. “These look like they hurt.” I looked down at my red knuckles and smiled. “Not at all.” I rolled my neck and started eating,
“Amy…”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 194
I looked up to the pale faced Hanna. “Yeah?”
“Is that what you are going to train us to do?” She looked back to the floor where there were still speckles of Nina’s blood.
“Yes.” I rubbed my face, “Yes, I am. Because I want you to be able to do that, instead of die like my father.” I said it loud enough that others heard and a quiet murmur.
L was the
Hanna, Micca, and Wendy looked at each other and then at the. “We are in.” Hanna smiled. “Because that most badass thing I have ever seen in my entire life.”
Micca nodded. “That was so fucking cool. Did you see how far she jumped?” She jumped her hand from the table to her other hand. “One second you’re in your chair, and the next Nina and you hit the floor. I barely saw you move.”
“I wanted to clap,” Wendy whispered. “As soon as you broke her nose, I wanted to cheer so bad, but I know she would corner me and kill me.”
I nodded. “She would. But after we train, it is going to be a lot harder for her to even land a punch on you. You
grow your aura, but I can make you one bad ass powerful wolf.”
###Next D 195
Chapter 195
The next few weeks passed in a whirlwind of class, training, and silence. I dragged myself through the door after yet another long day. I dropped my dinner onto my coffee table and face planted onto my couch, and groaned.
I was exhausted. I wasn’t sleeping properly and in between classes and the double training; I was running on hopes and dreams at this point. I rolled over with a groan. Fuck.”
My phone gave a tiny ding, and I scrambled to pull it out of my pocket. It was a quick text from Wendy telling me she made it home. I tossed my phone with another groan.
This time, I sat up and screamed. “I’m so fucking stupid.” gripped my head in my hands and pulled at my hair. Goddess, how could I be so stupid?” I stood and stalked my way to the bathroom connected to my bedroom and stripped off my clothes.
You’re not stupid. Megan offered, but Nix stayed silent.
I jumped under the hot spray and instantly crumpled to the floor. I leaned my head against my knees and for the first time since coming back to my moms, I cried.
“I’m being so stupid. And weak.”
You are not. You’re allowed to have feelings. Megan came closer.
But I just shook my head. “Feelings make us weak. We already took this path. I gave myself fully to my mate, and he killed me. He used my emotions against me and killed our pup. And now here I am, mooning over a man who doesn’t even like me.” The tears burned, but at least the fall of the shower hid their fall. “I’m crying because he hasn’t messaged me or emailed me in weeks. And I know he’s busy Megan, I do, and I know I am the last thing he has to worry about but…” My words trailed off as fresh tears fell.
But you wish he would. Nix finished as she slunk out of the trees and I just nodded.
“Is it too much to ask to have someone want me for me? Not for my power, my aura, or what I could do for them, Just me?”
Of course not. Megan tried to make me feel better. You are amazing.
“Just not
not amazing enough.” I whispered as a sob broke free
Amy… Nix tried, but I shook my head.
“It’s okay. I’m giving myself two more minutes to pity myself. Two more minutes to cry and then I’m going to get up, shower, eat and go to bed.”
You need to sleep, Megan agreed.
minutes
“Just two I huddled on my shower floor and released the floodgates. I allowed myself to feel the loss, even though he was never mine to begin with. After I counted to one hundred and twenty seconds, I wiped my face and got to my feet. I started my shower routine and stared at the tile.
Amy? Nix came closer, but I shook my head.
“That was the last time I will cry over any man.” I swiped a the invisible tears on my face and gave a small, sad laugh. “It was a foolish thought to begin with.”
No, it wasn’t. Megan pushed against the wall, and Nix sat next to her. He gave little hints that he liked us.
I gave another little laugh. “But hints mean nothing compared to action and words.” I grabbed for my shampoo, missing my old scent. “I got so wrapped up in the hints, I was missing what he was showing me.”
10 
Chapter 195
+25 BONUS
Amy… Nix pressed closer.
plan.” I felt
“It’s okay. I’m okay or I will be. I can stop focusing on the fact he isn’t reaching out and focus on the plan both of my wolves look at each other.
Okay. If that is what you want. Megan offered.
We can help you keep on track. Nix offered.
I smiled, I could feel their souls like they could feel mine, and I knew they were hurting for me. I could feel our souls swirling around each other, each of us trying to shield the other from the pain we all will feel. Megan felt hers when she had to ignore her mate. I’m feeling mine, with a man I want, not wanting me back. Nix when she felt our pup being ripped from our body.
We have all been shattered. Megan started.
But it is how we pull ourselves back together that matters. Nix offered.
“You’re right.” I stretched my arms up and then shut off the water. This wouldn’t break me. “Now let’s eat. I’m starving.” I wrapped my hair up and walked out of the bathroom in my towels. I headed to the front room., to my dinner, but I had to stop at the end of the hallway to yawn. My jaw cracked, and I groaned as I went into a full body stretch. I shook my head and groaned. “Fuck I’m tired.”
“You look it.” A dark voice called from my sofa and I screamed as my eyes snapped open.
###Next D 196
Chapter 196
+25 BONUS
I screamed and dropped into a fighting stance, only to find Rowan on my sofa staring at me. I tossed my head, dropping the towel that I had wrapped around my hair to the floor. I nearly growled when I found him sulking in the dark, but I just stood up and patted my naked chest. Calm down. I shook my head and chuckled at my stupidity.
The feeling of soft skin on my fingertips had my hand freezing. Naked chest…
I slowly looked down, as if I was a human in one of their horror movies. When my eyes met the pile of towels, my mouth dropped open. My eyes landed on my naked and prominent chest, currently on full display, and I screamed again.
I snatched the towels and ran out of the room. Oh, my goddess. Kill me now. I crumpled on to the bed in disbelief. Did that actually just happen? “What the fuck am I supposed to do?” I dropped my head into my hands and groaned.
“I would put on clothes if I were you.” Rowan’s voice sounded right outside my door. His voice was low, gravelly, and filled with need. “I will give you a minute to get out here, fully clothed, or I will come in there, and then I have zero promises of what will happen.” I heard the creak of the wood on the other side of my door and I shivered. “Forty–five seconds, rabbit, I’m counting.”
“Fuck.” I stood and dropped the towels to the ground and rushed to my closet.
I heard a soft thunking on my door. “I can hear you moving rabbit, but it’s not fast enough. Thirty seconds.” His voice softened. “Please, for the love of the goddess.”
I couldn’t tell if he was begging her for me to hurry or to slow down. I didn’t even know what I wanted.
Yes, you do. Nix offered. Then she pushed her thoughts into my mind. I was kneeling on the bed and Rowan was behind me. I was panting as her laughter shook me from the image.
“Oh, goddess.” Rowan’s nails trailed down the door. “Fifteen seconds, rabbit.” I whirled and slipped on a pair of tight shorts, and I grabbed a t–shirt, slipping it over my head just as the door busted open. I barely had time to turn, and I was in his arms. “I don’t know if I should be relieved or disappointed.” His voice was low as he dropped to his knees. He rubbed his face into my stomach, and I could feel the intake of his breath. “Goddess, you smell amazing.” But he looked up, with eyes full of heat. “But something is missing”
“What do you mean?” I stared down at him as he leaned in raising the t–shirt up inch by inch, and then his lips connected with the skin next to my belly button. I drew in a shaky breath. But even as I asked, I drew in a breath of my own, and he was right. Something was missing.
His scent was still missing.
“You smell wrong.” His voice was soft as he leaned in to kiss the other side of my stomach and I felt my center clench. I closed my eyes as need hit me and I felt my short dampen. I needed…him. His quick inhale had my eyes snapping to his, and I watched his eyes dilate. He could smell my need. “You shouldn’t smell like this.” His wolf flashed in his eyes, a blue so white it was jarring, but Rowan wrangled control.
“You don’t smell at all.” Nix flashed in my eyes and I dropped down. “Why can’t I smell you?” I leaned in and Nix pushed to the surface again. “Why do you hide yourself from us?” Nix’s voice was low, sultry, and full of the need I tried to hide
His eyes searched mine, and he leaned in. “Because…”
She pushed forward. “Because why?” I leaned in and traced my nose down his neck, and he shivered. Nix darted in, pushing me back, and took complete control. “You are hiding my king, and while Amy is more understanding, I am not.” Nix pulled away from his neck. “She has been hurt, and I am now her protector. I won’t allow you to
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 196
pay games with her heart, king or not.”
“I’m not.” He shook his head, but Nix just tilted her. 1
“You are. And I can’t tell if it is because you want her, and you are fighting it. Or because you enjoy the chase. But this can’t go on. I won’t allow you to shatter what she has rebuilt, brick by brick.”
“What is your name?” He leaned in, his lips a fraction away from ours, and my heart clenched painfully.
Nix lifted one of my curved brow. “You want my name?” Rowan nodded, but Nix leaned in and laid a soft, chaste kiss on his lips before she pulled away and whispered against his mouth. “You want my name, you crave my human, then prove you are worthy of both. I refuse to give an inch to yet another male unworthy of our attention.”
###Next D 197
Chapter 197
Rowan pulled back from my face and looked me in the eye. Okay.”
Nix receded, leaving me panting and confused. “What?”
Rowan stood, and I nearly stumbled back from how fast he stood. “I said okay.” His smile was perfect. Everything about him was perfect.
I shook my head to clear it. “I’m confused…what?”
He laughed and then gripped me at my waist, pulling my body against his and he bent down, kissing my lips and making me nearly moan. His lips were soft, biteable, and I wanted to spend the rest of my night exploring them, but he pulled away. “You wolf has made a good point. If I want to earn her name, if I want anything from you, I need to prove it.” Rowan squeezed my hips, and I felt my eyes flutter from the slight pain. I was learning things about my likes, my needs, in this life I never explored in my last. I was a little lost in thought as Rowan stepped back.
I tried to grab at him but my hands met air. I shook my head to refocus, and I bit my lip to stop myself from doing something I would regret. I coughed and ran a hand through my hair. “What are you doing here?” I finally met his eyes. They were still full of need and I needed a little space from him. I turned away from him and grabbed some actual pyjamas. I turned and look over my shoulder at him. Do you mind?”
His smile was roguish as he shook his head. “Nope, I don’t mind.”
I rolled my eyes and faced away from him, pulling my t–shirt over my head, and pulling on my tank top. “I’m going to need you to turn around. I need to change my bottoms.” The flash of need nearly stopped my breath, but I spun my finger in a circle and he reluctantly turned. I slipped my shorts off and slid on my jogging pants. I pulled my hair back into a messy bun. “So, why are you here?”
Rowan turned to look back at me. “I needed to see you.”
I felt the words melt my insides a fraction, but I bit the inside of my lip to refocus myself. “See me? About what?” Rowan stepped aside as I slid past him to go back to my dinner. I wasn’t going to let him interrupt my plans for the night.
Rowan’s fingers trailed down my arm as I passed him, but he followed me as I kept moving. “Things are happening behind the scenes. And I wanted to talk to you about it all, plus…” He trailed off as I sank on to my
couch.
I pulled out the meals I got today. “Have you eaten?”
“No.” He sat down as I gestured.
“Pick one.” He stared up at me and reached for a dinner. I grabbed one of my own and sat down in the chair. His eyebrows rose, but he didn’t comment on the space I created between us. I dug into the cold meal, not caring enough to heat it, and then I looked up. “What’s been happening?”
Rowan finally stopped staring at me and dug into his own food. “Your father has been abler to move things around. You now have access to his accounts. This way, it looks like you inherited all of his money.” Rowan paused. “We need you to go out and start spending. New clothes, new furniture, anything that will catch Brandon’s and Vince’s attention.” I nodded.
“And how am I supposed to do that?” I tilted my head.
“Here.” Hew pulled out a card I recognized well. 4
+25 BONUS
Chapter 197
“You have been to the Agora to see him?” I reached out and took my father’s bank card.
Rowan nodded. “I had a lot to discuss with him, and years to apologize for.” I just nodded. “He gave me a letter from Cassie to give to you.” He pulled an envelope out of his pocket and handed it over.
1 felt tears spring to my eyes. “Cass.” I smiled as I put the letter on the table.
“You aren’t going to read it?” His voice was soft.
“I’ll read it when I’m alone.” I flicked my eyes to his, and be deflated a little. But I had to create space. After everything. After today. I needed to create this space between us.
“You haven’t emailed me. You have been ignoring me and I’m just confused.” He started, but I laughed.
“Seriously?” He was trying to turn this on me.
“What?” Rowan’s eyes snapped up from his meal.
My anger spiked so fast, I nearly fell when I stood. “Get out My voice held the venom I felt.
“What?” He stood.
“If you are going to fucking sit here and blame me when you are the one that has ignored all of my calls, my emails, my texts, you are going to fucking blame me. Get the fuck out of my apartment.”
###Next D 198
Chapter 198
Rowan stared at me for a minute before he stood. He pulled out his phone and started to hit buttons. “Did you hear me?” I snarled, and he turned his phone screen to me.
“Look.” I stared at his face before my eyes flicked to his plene. It was our text chat. I read through the screen and stopped.
“That isn’t right.” I pulled out my phone and selected our chat log and showed him.
“What the fuck is going on?” He pulled my phone to his face. I stared at his phone. Messages he sent that I didn’t receive. I pulled his phone out of his hand and clicked to the call log. Nothing. All the calls I made were missing.
“How is this possible?” I looked up. Rowan was still looking at my texts.
“You texted me?” I just nodded.
“Of course I did. I also called. I felt pathetic after a week of being ignored, but I had questions and you were answering my emails.” I handed back his phone.
“Wait….you emailed me? My secure email?”
I nodded. “Yes.” I nodded. “You told me to. So I did. But I had a question that I needed an answer to about breeching a security wall and you never emailed me back. So I texted you, and I called, and then I just stopped because obviously you didn’t want to answer me ” I placed my fork down and went to grab my computer. I came back out to a very confused Rowan, but anger entered his eyes. “What?”
I walked over and clicked into my email. I went to the sent folder and quickly counted. Twelve emails…I sent twelve fucking emails to this man over a course of a month shook my head in disgust. I never counted, but seeing them all there without even a one–word reply made me feel fucking weak and pathetic.
You are not pathetic. Megan came out and laid down in the clearing by Nix, who I realized had been keeping the flame on the candle, changing my scent, going.
Nor are you weak. This is obviously a misunderstanding. Nix looked away from the candle. He seemed hurt when he thought you hadn’t contacted him.
Megan snorted. And he seemed very interested when you dropped your towels. Both of my wolves chortled a laugh. But I turned the laptop around, shoving it at him. He handed me back my phone and sank to the sofa, and started clicking through all the emails. I could tell he was reading them because when he got to the last, he winced.
I will
say I hadn’t been very nice in the last email. I was angry and honestly hurt. He had promised me to help, had hinted that he liked me, and then he fucking disappeared. Proving once again, men can not be trusted.
“I never saw these.” I rolled my eyes.
“I
“Look. If it was just our call logs, and texts missing, sure, could believe that Vince or someone hacked both of our phones. But I even texted you a call me text from my hidden phone. You hadn’t saved the number, so you should have received that one. But even if you hadn’t, you said the first day that you email was secure. More importantly, mine is because of everything on this computer, not one notification about a breech. But obviously there were no emails from you.”
Rowan looked up, and I saw the anger back. “I know.”
1 tossed my hands in the air. “Well then, leave.” I waited for a second and turned away. “Please.” My voice cracked as I said the last word. Like it caught in my throat..
“No, wait.” Rowan put my computer down. “I meant I know my email is secure. Our phones were probably
+25 BONUS
Chapter 198
hacked, and that means I’ll need to clean them, but my email, I should have received the emails.” I turned and raised my hands again. “But I didn’t.” He came closer and grabbed my hands. “I swear to you, Amy. I haven’t heard from you since I left the night your mom came over. He closed his eyes. “I was stupid, and I thought that almost kissing you in the kitchen would show my interest in you, but then it was radio silence. I texted, I called and nothing. I had waited, thinking you were just busy, but the longer we went, the longer something felt wrong.” He pulled me closer. “At first, I thought you weren’t interested in me like I was with you, but it didn’t sit right. I thought about emailing you but I was afraid after it being so long with nothing, you would take it wrong, so I came here tonight.” He swallowed. “And then I heard you crying.” He closed his eyes and leaned his forehead on mine. “And then you dropped your towels, and I lost my hold, but I swear to you, I’m not lying” Then he kissed me, really kissed me, and the world fell away.
###Next D 200
Chapter 199
The kiss melted my bones. Heat started in my center and then exploded out of me. My hands tangled in his hair and he groaned as I launched myself from the ground and into his arms, wrapping my legs around his waist.
His tongue teased at the seam of my lips until I opened for him and then his tongue delved between them, tangling with mine. He wrapped one arm around my back and the other clutched my ass tightly against him. I groaned in repressed need. Goddess, he was perfect.
The kiss lasted less than a minute, but it was imprinted on my soul, and I knew in one crystalized moment this man would be the end of me. Whether it be together, wrapped in his arms, or alone and shattered, a forgotten toss away in his conquest for his queen. I didn’t know the answer, but he was either my everything or my death. That I was certain of with an almost finite clarity.
He was the first to pull away, placing his forehead against my own. “I’m sorry.”
My eyes fluttered open. “Why are you sorry?” My voice sounded needy and breathless and I felt his hard length. that was pressed against my center flick against me.
“Because…” He pulled away. “I like you, Amy. A lot. But I promised myself a long time ago that I would only give myself to my mate, my queen, my soul mate.” His eyes held a sorrow that made my heart cry out for him.
“And that isn’t me…” I answered as his clenched his eyes shut.
“That isn’t what Im saying.” He grabbed for my hand. “I don’t know if you are meant for me. I would explain it, but I can’t, not yet.” I furrowed my brow and tried to tug my hand away.
“What are you talking about?”
His fingers tightened on mine. “Please.” His voice begged, and I softened. I gave a tiny nod, and he pulled me back to my couch, pulling me down onto his lap. “After my mom was killed. And I had to watch my dad disappear a little each day without his mate. I made myself a few promises. One was that I would only be with my mate. The other, well, it’s a little more difficult. But the gist of it was that I wouldn’t bring my mate into my current situation. So until all of this is figured out, I won’t bring a female into my mess.”
I stared down at him and his eyes were so open. He was laying everything out for me. And he was letting me make the choice. “So what does that mean…for this?”
He leaned in and kissed my forehead. “Goddess, I don’t know. But I like you Amy. And I don’t want you to question it. But I know we both have our parts to play I this. And I’m terrified.”
“Why?”
He pulled back, and his eyes shifted. His voice came out deeper, rougher, and I knew I was speaking to his wolf. ” Hello rabbit.”
“Hello wolf.” I smirked as he smiled. His smile was stunning.
“My human is failing to explain this, because he doesn’t want to hurt you. So I came up to let you know my feelings about this matter.” He was so matter of fact. I liked that, so I nodded.
“Okay.”
“There are people watching us, waiting for us to get too close, trying to tear us apart before we get there. And while it is annoying, it’s an opportunity. One we feel like we have to take.” He looked a little sorry about what we were explaining
“What kind of opportunity?”
Chapter 190
+25 BONUS
“One which we both will have our parts to play. And then maybe once we figure it all out, we can explore this between us more.” He leaned in and smelled my neck. “You are keeping your own secrets, rabbit, and I am champing at the bit to figure it out, but I know you have your own reasoning.” He pulled back. “But I want to be honest with you, too.” He started into my soul with his white blue eyes. This close, I realized his bright blue eyes were ringed with a darker, midnight blue ring
“I want to be honest with you.” I nodded.
He nodded and then looked away. “My human, he is very much set on you. You are all he thinks about, even if your scent is wrong.” I wanted to chuckle, but he continued. “But there is a wolf I am interested in. I don’t know her human, I don’t even know her name, but I am set on her.”
“Oh…”
His eyes snapped to mine. “But neither of us will make a choice either way until all of this is over. And I won’t deny him, as he won’t deny me. I don’t want you to think that any decision is set in stone. He likes you very much, with an intensity I have never seen from him.”
Chapter 200
25 BONUS
His words were a soft balm on the pain I was feeling. But I needed to get a little space. So I slid off his lap, and I saw a flash of hurt flash in his eyes. “I like him too. But my wolf actually feels the same about another, so I understand.” I slid next to him and grabbed his hand. “But what did you mean about an opportunity?”
Regret flashed in his eyes and then they faded to his normal brown. Rowan was back. “Hi.” He was struggling with something.
“Hey.” I smiled and grabbed his hand. “What’s wrong?”
He sighed. “What I’m about to say will make zero sense and I know already it isn’t fair, but it’s how I feel, okay?”
I turned to face him. “Okay.”
“I don’t like that your wolf likes this unknown male.” Hu huffed out a laugh. “And like I said, I know I’m a hypocrite. Okay, I do, but I wish you both just liked me…”
I listened as he explained and smiled, but it was a little sad. “I feel exactly the same way. But we can’t change our wolf’s mind. They have to figure out their own feelings, just like us.”
Rowan nodded and then growled. He grabbed my face and kissed me again, making my eyelids flutter. “I wish all of this was over. So that our wolves could spend time together, so we could spend time together and really see this through.” He leaned against me and I heard him pulling in my scent.
“We still can.” I offered, but he pulled back and I saw something new behind his eyes. He looked a little lost with a mixture of guilt.
“Actually…” He pulled back and shook his head.
“What?”
“Your father had this idea…”
I felt those words hit, and immediately I was on edge. My father always had plans. “What is it? I know you’re trying to ease me into it, but just tell me.”
He nodded. “You father knows that you are going to have to get close to Brandon. I know you dad is on edge about it but he won’t tell me why.” 1
I nodded. “I promise to explain it to you when all of this is over.” I pushed that to the side.
Rowan stared at me and then kept going. “He told me that eventually, you will have to get close to him, and having me around will just get in the way.”
“Why do you think that?”
“Because I won’t like it.” His voice dropped to a growl. “I won’t like it at all. Even as it stands, I might just kill him.”
“Why?”
“Because you are menat to be mine.” He stood and was panting. His eyes flashed to his wolves and then back to his. His claws descended, and then he paced away. He was shaking as he turned to stare at me. I watched as he tried to calm himself down, and finally he settled. “Sorry.” He shook his shoulders out and ten came back, settling
next to me,
“Okay…I don’t know what that means for us.” I looked down at my hands, dreading his answer.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 200
“It means I have to stay away. And it means I’ll have my own acting I have to do.”
“Rowan, I need you to just lay it all out for me here. It’s nothmaking sense.” My mind was still spinning with his confession and now, with all these plans inside of plans is making it harder to follow.
“You dad thinks I need to stay away from you. Until you finish school…until you crack into Vince’s defenses. Being sad about your father’s death, but being supported by me won’t make you vulnerable enough for Vince and Brandon to think that you are easy prey.” I nodded. “But he has gone a step further.” Dread settled in the pit of my stomach. “He wants me to give into the council.”
1 felt my face pale. “Give in how?”
“He wants me to create space from you and then allow the council to think they are convincing me to accept their chosen mate.”
“What?” I yelled and jumped to my feet. “I’m going to kill him.” My fangs snapped down and Rowan smiled.
“It’s just pretend.“.
“You are mine.” I whirled on him, grabbing his face and kissing him.
###Next D 201
hapter 201
We kissed for longer this time. Nix and Megan came to the edge of my mind. I know they were there to watch me, stop me from making a choice that would affect all of us. But they were letting me have this. I reluctantly pulled away from his face and the smile that lit his face made me want to kiss him again.
“I’m sorry.” I completely let go of his face and I felt my face burn.
“You are perfect.” He whispered, which made my face burn even more.
“Why does my father want you to accept a chosen mate?” turned the conversation back to what was important.
“He doesn’t. He just wants me to pretend I have.” Rowan leaned back, but grabbed my hand in his and threaded our fingers together. “The council has been pushing Nina at me because she is the niece of one member, but there are a few other candidates. He wants me to fight against the council and then maybe next year or so, when you are ready, to court these women.”
“Why?” I felt the telltale burn at my gums. My fangs wanted to descend again, but I focused on his words.
“Because he thinks that with him dead, and me courting other she wolves, then it might be more believable that you might want to get closer to other males.” I could hear his teeth grind as his jaw clenched. “He said it would give both of us the space to move behind the scenes. I could visit these packs, and see what I can find out, and you can make Brandon believe he is making progress in mating you.”
1 nodded. In theory, the plan was smart, but I didn’t like it. I would rather die than allow Brandon to touch me ever again.” I growled out without thinking.
Megan gasped at my words, and Nix lowered herself to the ground. I know you are upset, Amy, but be aware of your words. You just admitted to dying. Her admonishment was soft, and I bit the inside of my cheek. But it didn’t seem like Rowan caught what I said.
“He doesn’t have to touch you. Goddess, I hope he doesn’t touch you. But we will have to play our parts.” He turned to stare into my face. “I don’t want to do this either, but if this will help us figure it all out. If this can help us save more wolves. I’ll do it.” He was so sincere that I felt a worrying pit open in my stomach.
But he was right. I knew if it came down to it, I would allow Brandon to get close. “I won’t sleep with him.” My voice was barely above a whisper when I said it, but Rowan lunged to his feet.
“I would kill him if you did.” His eyes flashed and dark brown fur rippled down his arms. “But that isn’t what your father had in mind either, and I think you know that.” a
“I know. But Brandon is just like his father. He will expect it.” I leaned my hand on my knee.
“Well then, I guess you will have to be more reluctant than he is used to. Men, especially wolves, love the chase.” He sank down next to me and grabbed for my hands again. I wish this wasn’t something I had to ask of you.”
“Are you asking me? Or are you telling me?” I felt his fingers tighten around mine.
“Everything is your choice, Amy. Brandon, what to do with Vince, even after all of this is over….with me? It will always be your choice.”
1
I stared up into his eyes and I saw a little worry there, but mostly there was a deep sadness about it all. “You’re sad.” My words were a surprising thought I didn’t even think to conceal.
He looked away from me and then nodded. “I should have to ask you to do this. I should have been able to figure it all out and we should have come to this.”
I thought about it and then pulled my hands out of his, malding him turn back to face me with a silent desolation
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 201
on his face. I wrapped my arms around him and leaned against his shoulder. “If none of this had ever happened…I don’t think we would have ever met. You would have met your Lycan mate, probably years ago, and I would have ended up dead.” I confessed.
“That isn’t true.” He tried to argue, but I just laughed.
“Everything happens for a reason, Rowan. The goddess has her designs, and all of this was meant to be.” I lifted my head and laid a soft kiss on his cheek. “I can only hope that when this is all said and done. We get the ending we both deserve.” Whether it is together is to be seen. I left the last words unspoken.
###Next D 202
Chapter 202
+25 BONUS
“Punch Wendy.” I screamed as she tapped her hand against any glove, and I wanted to growl my frustration. Well, frustration was an understatement. I was pissed. Rowan’s words still ricochetted in my mind. ‘I’ll court these women and see what I can find.‘ He was mine…. the thought still bounced in my mind. He was mine.
You are oddly territorial over a man that isn’t our mate. Megan pointed out but Nix stayed silent. She had been silent since Rowan left last night.
Why are you so quiet? I asked as I focused on Wendy’s attempt at a combination. She was getting better. I cracked a smile when she landed the last punch.
“Good job Wendy.” She panted as she grinned.
“Thank you.” She panted as she caught her breath. “I’ve been practising at home.”
“I can tell. Go grab a drink.” I pointed to the sideline and turned my attention back to Nix, but all I got was her tail disappearing into the trees,
What is going on with her? I asked Megan, who got to her feet.
I think she is trying to figure everything out. Megan followed Nix into the darkness, leaving me alone with my thoughts.
What the heck does she have to figure out? I shook my head and promised them I would go running the next day. I waited for their reply, but nothing came, just silence. This was the first time since I turned the age where Nix talked to me that my mind has ever been this silent. This felt wrong. Something was wrong.
“Earth to Amy.” I snapped back to Hanna standing in front of me, waving her hands. “I
“Hello?”
“Holy goddess, you scared the shit out of me.” I jumped back and laughed, doubling over and catching my breath. “Yeah. Hanna. What’s up?”
She giggled and shook her head. “Where were you off in that head of yours?” I just smiled and stood. “We were heading to the caff for breakfast before class. We called you out. You were zoned out. Did you want to come?”
“Yeah.” I held up my finger and trotted over to where I had my stuff, and grabbed it. Slipping my sweater over my head and slinging my bag on my shoulder, U hurried up and caught up to everyone else. 1
“What were you thinking about?” Toya looked at me, and I saw a glint of something in her eye. I quickly scanned the hallway and saw that Vince and Brandon were off in a doorway.
“My dad.”
I let my voice catch. “I was thinking about my dad.” I answered, my voice soft but still loud enough for them to hear me. I saw the two men smirk a little and then turn away. I wanted to attack them. Their only saving grace was my father was still alive. But they didn’t know that and they both enjoyed my pain. My brain froze as I thought about it again. They both enjoyed my pain.
The two of them, Vince and Brandon.
I thought it was just Vince who was pulling the strings, but Brandon, my despicable mate, seemed to be involved too. I felt a mourning howl from deep inside and I sent a wave of love back to Megan. She was still hurting and since she hadn’t been able to reject him yet, Brandon was still her mate.
Fuck.
How were
were we supposed to let him get close if he was still our mate? 
That was something I would figure out later. I returned my focus back to Toya. “Yeah.” She gave a sad smile, and she grabbed my arm and pulled me along. “I think about my dad a lot, too.” I sniffled a little for added dramatics,
+25 BONUS
Chapter 202
but then we were out of earshot and I wanted to growl.
“I’m starving.” Micca’s voice pulled me back to the present I found my mind was wondering more today than was normal, and 1 shook it off, 1
“Me too.” Everyone agreed.
“It’s the workout. You are training your body and your wolves to be stronger, and that needs more fuel.” I patted her head as I walked by. “Have your moving requests been proved yet?” I grabbed my tray and waited in line.
“What?” Wendy shook out her hair.
“Today is the reassignment day, isn’t it?” I pulled out my phone and wiggled it. “You all put in the request to move into the apartment. I know that most of the apartments are now furnished. Sterling has been working half the night just bringing stuff up to the places.” They all froze for a second before they all pulled out their phones.
I kept everyone moving as they all scrambled to their emails. “Where is it?” Hanna whispered.
The speaker crackled in the caff. “Good morning students. The emails regarding reassignment were just sent out. You should receive them in a minute.” Wendy’s mother’s voice was sweet over the speaker. “Good luck and have a great day.”
###Next D 203
Chapter 203
“Push.” I called out and I felt the sofa shift. “We almost have it.” I heard a groan, and then we were through the doorway. “Ugh.” I moaned. “Finally.”
“Why did you have to change the fucking furniture?” Toya groaned as she placed the new piece down in my bare living room.
I collapsed onto the last piece of the huge sectional we just moved in. I could feel the need to nest itching at my skin and I didn’t know why. “Has your nesting ever kicked in?” I turned to face her where she had sunk into the overly plush dark grey fabric my wolf craved as soon as she saw it in the store.
I turned my mind inward and called out to my wolves…but other than the random needs she sends my way, Nix has been MIA since Rowan left and Megan has stayed away too.
Hello? I called out, but nothing. I miss you both. I hoped I could see them, but I understood; she needed her I just wanted them to know how much I missed them.
space.
I was so absorbed with my wolves that when Toya finally answered me; I was surprised. “No, but I have never had a reason to nest”
“Wait, what?” I rolled onto my side and stared at her.
She smiled but shook her head. “I want you to understand this is just my mother’s rambling and has in no way been proven even a little bit.” She faced me and waited until I nodded before she continued. “My mom, in her travels, has studied the nesting habits of the she–wolves of all the packs. And she noticed something, or so she said. The she–wolves of unranked and low ranked wolves only nested when they were actually pregnant, leaving the rest of the time to focus on their lives and roles in the pack. Gamm’s and Beta’s the nest when they first move in with their mates, and then again when they are pregnant. But alpha’s, well… we nest when we meet our mates the first time, when we have sex for the first time, when we finish the mating ritual, when we are pregnant, pretty much any excuse with our mates do we nest.” Toya rolled her eyes. “A little overkill, but that was her theory.” 1
“What if we hadn’t met our mates yet?” Or decided to reject them? But I kept that thought to myself.
Toya lifted her shoulder. “I guess it depends. Alpha females have the intense need to nest. Our entire drive is to take care of our packs, our families, our men and our pups.
I felt my stomach drop. “I have no pack under my care. My family is broken. I have no pups, and no man…” “Maybe you wolf is acting this way because she is unsteady. Yo have nothing and no one to watch over. So the first sign of getting one of her desires threw her nesting into overdrive?” Toya looked at me and I could feel my cheeks redden. “Look.” She grabbed my hand. “I know things are weird between you and the king, and you might not be mates…are you mates?” She stared at me for a moment, but then moved on. “Whatever. But with your parents being away, your pack is in hiding. You’re too young for pups. Maybe, just maybe, that when things became so intense with the king, and us forming this group, your woll’s nesting kicked in.”
“This group?” I looked at her. “You mean the girls?” Toya nodded.
“You feel responsible for us, don’t you? I know I feel responsible for everyone.” Toya smiled.
I thought about it for a minute, but I knew she was right. “do. I think that’s why I started the training.
Toya nodded. “I had something I wanted to talk to you about, and I promise we will swing back around, but I don’t want to forget about this.”
I pushed up on the cushions and turned to her. “What’s up?
+25 BONUS
Chapter 203
“Thora…” Toya started, and I had to think for a moment. “She was there the first day in the caff?” She prompted further. 
“Right…” I thought about the brunette. “She was the girl that came over from Nina’s camp. But I haven’t seen or heard from her in a minute.” I scratched behind my ear. “What’s up with her?”
Toya nodded. “That’s her. She wants to know why we pushed her out. She wants to train with us.”
No. Megan’s voice startled me.
Megan? Where have you and Nix been?
I can’t talk Amy. Just listen to me when I say that Nix and I feel the same on Thora. The answer is no. Then she was gone again.
Toya was staring at me and I realized I had gone quiet. “No.” I would listen to my wolves. “My wolf doesn’t feel a connection to her, and I don’t trust her.”
###Next D 204
Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Pinterest
Chapter 204
I watched Toya settle. “Good.” Her answer startled me a bit
“Good?” 
She nodded. “I was worried you were going to say yes.
I laughed. “Why?”
“I don’t trust her. Never have. But I thought she was already your friend when she came over with us, but when I saw you didn’t know her, I was thrown.” Toya picked at her nails. “My wolf doesn’t trust her.”
I laughed. “Neither does mine.” I settled into my new couch and I felt a content filled purr work its way up from my chest. I had to shake my head and push up off the couch before I embarrassed myself even more.
Toya stood with a groan. “Is there anything else coming today?” We both looked around the room and stared at the new couch and love seat. Both we a soft grey that was over plush. I knew as soon as I saw them with Sterling, I
needed them.
I shook my head. “The chair was on back order.” I smiled when I thought of my reading chair. It was a double wide seat with a soft plush cover. That one really made Nix want to purr.
Just the idea of curling up with a book as Rowan made dinner. Another purr worked its way out and I froze. What the hell was I thinking?
Rowan is not mine. Not now…maybe ever.
I needed to pull away from these thoughts before I hurt myself even more than I already was. I felt tears spring to my eyes and I looked at Toya.
“Hey…are you alright?” She came to my side and I shook my head.
“I fucked up.” I answered honestly for the first time since everything happened between me and Rowan. 1
“Talk to me.” I pulled her back to the couch, and I unloaded
“I’m going to tell you everything. But you can’t tell anyone.” I clenched my fists. “I trust you, and so do my wolves.” I looked up at her and watched her register my words.
“Your wolves?” Her mouth dropped open. “Like more than one wolf?”
“I have a secret…multiple secrets.” She nodded. “I need your oath that you won’t tell another soul. I haven‘ Leven told my best friend yet, but I need someone here to help me and I trust you the most.”
I watched multiple emotions fly across her face. It was hard to tell with her dark complexion, but she looked at little pale. “Okay. I, Toya Argara from the Malawi pack, promise to keep everything you are about to tell me between us. I won’t share this with anyone, even under torture or command, until you release my oath.” I waited until the words sunk in and nodded.
“Thank you.” I smiled and waved her hand.
“You have become my closest friend here, Amy. We may have best friend’s back home, but here you are, mine.”
“I feel the same way.” I smiled and then shook my head “don’t know how much of my pack’s history you father knew, but I have to explain it.” She settled back and I could tell I had her full attention “The first werewolf was made in the Agora. A patch of land that a witch held dear. Her son, her only child, was attacked by the local wolves. Their alpha had been killed by humans and they attacked the first one they saw. The witch found her boy and called on her goddess, the three faced godless, and begged for his life. But it was the Moon Goddess who gave him
+25 BONUS
Chapter 204
back to her. Changed. He held the spark for power, and wolves and he passed that down to his son, and, it continued, until you get to me. A werewolf descended from the Moon Goddess’s first, and a witch.” Toya’s eyes 
were enormous.
“Holy shit, you are from the first family?”
I just nodded and looked away. “Lycan’s are a different breed, descended from the Moon Goddess herself. Did you know that?” Toya nodded. “It’s a little weird to think of that because Lycans mated with other Lycans.”
“There were two lines.” Toya interrupted me. I looked up in confusion.
“What?”
“Other gods saw the blessing the Moon goddess gave to the Lycans and approached her. They created their own line of Lycans and wolves so that breeding wouldn’t become an issue.” Toya twirled a ring on her finger that I just noticed. “The goddess Nut, of the sky in Egypt, was the first to make the request, but not the last.” Toya looked over at me. “That is where my line falls from. The first wolves in Egypt. But all lines that came after, know of the first family.” She grabbed my hands. “But why bring up the Lycans?”
“Because, I’m Lycan.” I huffed out a sigh. “I’m Lycan, wolf and witch, all rolled up into one tiny package.” She stared at me for a long time. I nudged her. “Say something”
###Next D 205
Chapter 205
The longer she stared up at me, the more I felt the need to squirm under her gaze. “Toya…
Η 
“Holy fucking goddess.” Toya jumped to her feet. “Are you serious? This makes so much sense.” She turned in a circle, talking to herself. “The fact you are so powerful.” She started to list things off. “That I felt drawn to you. Instantly, we had a connection.” She whirled back to facer the. “You said wolves. Does that mean you have a wolf, and a Lycan…Do you have two forms? Do you have actual powers, or does it just bump up your aura and power level?”
?” The questions poured out of her like vomit. She couldn’t stop.
I held up my hand, and she froze. “Come sit back down.” She sat next to me and I concentrated on my hand. A wisp the size of a tennis ball appeared, and she gasped. Her eyes growing wide as she stared at me.
“You have power?” I laughed and nodded.
“Yes, I have power, actual power. That’s why we can always talk openly here and not have to worry about being overheard. I snap a shield in place so others can’t hear us.” She looked at me and snapped her fingers.
“The first night here. When you came into the bedroom and we called our dads. I felt something shift. The room became echoy, even with all of us in there. I thought it was just my ears adjusting to the height of the penthouse, but it was you.”
” 
I nodded again. “I’m still new to all of this, but I’m slowly learning.” I snuffed out the wisp and stood. I shifted, first into Nix’s form, waiting a minute, then shifting into Megan’s.
Toya’s hand flew up to her mouth “Holy shit.” I chuffed out a laugh and then shifted back. She pointed at me.” You keep your clothes? How is that fucking fair?” I threw my head back and laughed. I laughed until my sides hurt.
“Toya…”
She waved her waves at me. “No! This is bullshit.” She laughed. “I end up naked if I shift in my clothes and you get to keep your modesty.” I laughed again. She was taking this way better than I thought she would.
“I feel like I should say sorry, but I am thankful for it.”
by ” I snorted
“I would be too.” She flopped back down on the couch. And I slid next to her. “Fuck, you are so lucky.” and Toya turned to face me. “What? What did I miss?”
I rubbed my face. “You have taken everything I’ve said pretty well. But there is more. My line has a secret.
Another one? How many do n
fricken have?” I laughed, but I could tell she was invested.
“I actually don’t even know when this stared but the Moon Goddess blessed my line with a second chance.”
“A second chance at what?” She leaned in. “Like a mate? We all have that…” But I quickly shook my head.
“At life.” Her eyes bugged out of her head.
“You come back to life? Like a vampire…are vampires real?
I laughed again. “I don’t know about all that, but I know I’m not a vampire.” I shook my head at her. “What I mean is, I have already loved until the age of twenty–four. I found my mate. I was a luna, and I grew my pack.”
“Holy shit,”
“And then…” I took a breath and looked at my friend. “My mate betrayed me with my stepsister. He strapped me to a table. And had our pack doctor cut our pup from my belly. With silver.” Her gasp said it all. “At least I got to. hold him on my chest for a moment.” I sniffled as my tears fell. “I can still smell him when I close my eyes. I hear his struggling breaths, and his stuttering heartbeat when lose my eyes” I wiped at my face, but no matter what
+25 BONUS
Chapter 205 –
I did, I couldn’t stop my sob
“Army…” I tried to smile as I cried harder. My hand fell ontony stomach and I had to shake myself back to now.
“He was perfect. And then he was ripped away from my and his father killed him while I was strapped to the gurney bleeding out. As Shannon, my stepsister, came to me and taunted me about lying to him.” I wiped my eyes. “But it was al a lie. She convinced my mate that she was pregnant with his pup, that ours was someone else’s, when in fact hers was the betas, Because she was a whore. She slept with any ranked wolf she could.”
Toya wiped a stray tear. “Who?” It was the only question she could ask. The only one that mattered. Who was the male that ruined me? “Who?” Her question more forceful. Who do I have to kill?”
22
###Next D 206
Chapter 206
I laughed as I clutched her hand as a lifeline. My mind kept dragging me back to that day. I had spent so much of my time focused on my next move that I had pushed my last life to the back of my mind. Or I tried to.
But when ever I was asleep, my mind would bring me back that day. To my son’s softly staggered breathing, and his face pressed against my skin. I wake up with his scent in the air and I have to search my bed to remember that he is gone.
Never even existed in this life. 
“Before I tell you, I need to explain this. In my last life, I knew nothing I do now. I didn’t even know about my second wolf. It had always just been Nix and me.”
“Nix?”
“My black wolf. My secret Lycan.” I snorted. “She is my alpha. Megan, my grey wolf, is a gamma. Still Luna rank, just not as strong.” I heard a snort in my mind. I sent back love, and she sent a wave back.
“Your power?” Toya asked, but I shook my head slowly.
“Because of who I am, I needed to balance my power and be able to control it before I could shift. In my last life, I was still as strong as I am now, but I had never shifted, and because of that, Shannon had a way of tormenting me. She convinced my pack that I was less of a wolf because I never shifted.” I rolled my eyes. “But that is a whole other thing. Anyway. Because I never knew of Megan, I assumed my mate was Nix’s, but I was wrong. My mate was Megans. I never met Nix’s mate before I died.”
“So you have a second mate out there somewhere. Who, let’s fucking pray, is better than the last.” I nodded. ” Now, who was your mate?”
I rolled my head on my shoulders. “Megan’s mate is Brandon…Vince’s son.”
Toya coughed. “Are you serious?”
“I really wish I wasn’t.”
“Is her mate…” Toya trailed off and then grabbed me by my shoulders. “IS! You haven’t rejected him? How does he not realize that you’re his mate?”
“When I died…I woke up on my eighteenth birthday. I asked my mom if I could reject him, and she could hear something was wrong. She knew my father could help save me.”
Toya flapped her arms. “You dad has powers too.”
I cackled. “Yeah. When I went to his pack, I learned about it all. Met my second wolf, learned how to change my
scent.”
“But won’t that stop you from finding your Lycan mate?” I nodded. “Then why don’t you reject him and then move the fuck on?”
“I wish it was that simple.”
11 
“Then tell me. I will help you. Whatever it is, I’ll help.”
“My father and Rowan think Vince is involved. I need to get close to him if I reject him.”
“How is getting close to him going to work?”
“I need to be able to figure out a way to get into their records. They systems, to see if they are involved.” And lifted
+25 BONUS
Chapter 206
a shoulder. “I’ll need to get into the pack house to do it.”
Toya shook her head. “I don’t like it.” I leaned against her as she wrapped her arm over my shoulder. “I don’t like that you have to get so close to him after he hurt you.” I just stayed silent because there wasn’t much to say. “I don’t know why or how, but I feel so protective of you. I can feel it in my bones that we were meant to meet.”
I nodded. “I feel the same way. But I’m not sure why or how Normally, we feel this protective of our inner circle. Our betas and gammas.”
She agreed. “But I’m an alpha.”
I pulled away. “Exactly.” I stood and pulled her with me. “Come on. I’m starving, and we aren’t going to solve the mystery tonight.
She groaned. “I am so stiff.“.
“I can honestly say I am excited to have a soaking bath before bed. These work outs and moving these couches in killed me. But I need food.”
Toya stretched and I heard a pop on her back. “Okay. Let’s go.”
“Did you want to try out the restaurant in the caff building? I haven’t eaten there yet.” I offered as we slipped our
shoes back on.
‘Goddess yes. Let me call the others. We can make a night of it.” I pointed to her, and she pulled out her phone.
“I’m just going to check out my phone and grab a jacket. Then we can swing downstairs and grab them.”
“Living here is so much easier.”
“I know.” I ran to grab my coat and then we headed out.
###Next D 207
Chapter 207
Months later…
“I can’t believe our first ‘year‘ is done.” Wendy collapsed onto my sofa as we all shuffled into my living room.
“I know. It’s been insane. But at least they are giving us a week of being class free before we start classes again.” Hanna stretched out onto the floor. She groaned as she rolled on my thick fur carpet. “Next time you nest, come to our place, please.” She laughed as Wendy threw a pillow at her. She tucked it under her head. “What?” She turned onto her side, staring at the rest of us. “You’re telling me you aren’t super jealous of her fur lined, super comfy everything?” She laughed as Micca curled up on the other half of the sofa and Toya lounged on the love seat. She pointed at my chair. “Look at that thing!”
I smiled as I settled in, and the contented purring of my wolves came back to me. “It’s honestly great.”
She huffed and crossed her arms. “See.” The rest of the girls laughed.
I looked around, and it blew my mind, seeing the difference All of them had built muscle. All of them were more confident than when we all started. “I don’t think I ever said this to you, but I’m super thankful to have met you.” I smiled as they all turned to me. I opened my mouth but Micca waved her hand.
“None of that. It sounds like you’re gearing up to say goodbye or whatever and that’s not happening. First, you are stuck with us until this time next year or longer. And second,” she paused. “I’m happy I met you guys, too.” She looked around at all of us and smiled. “You guys are my best friends and I don’t think I could have met anyone as badass as the four of you anywhere else.”
There were a few sniffles around the room, and then a pillow was launched at Micca. “You are a bitch.” Hanna. wiped at her face. “Today is supposed to be a good day. We just finished our exams and then you two come in here and act like someone’s dying.” There was another sniffle. “I hate you both.” I snorted out a laugh.
“You love us,” Wendy laughed as she tossed another pillow. There was a weighted pause, and then pillows were flying in every direction. Laughter and thumps were the only nosies there was until there was a thick knock on the door. Everyone froze.
Toya looked at me. “Whose that?”
I shrugged. “I have no idea.” I walked to the door and cracked it open. “Hello?”
“Hi Am
Amy.” Sterling gave a tightlipped smile and a small wave.
I opened the door fully and smiled. “Hey Sterling. I haven’t seen you in weeks. How are you doing? Hows your mate? Your pup?” I raised a finger. “Before I forget.” I ran away, leaving a very confused man on my doorstep, and ran to my room. I had been waiting for him to come back. I grabbed the gift bag and ran back to the door. Stuffing it into his hands. “Here.” I smiled.
Sterling stood with a giant gift bag in his hands with his mouth dropped open. “Amy…you didn’t have to.”
“Of course I didn’t. But I wanted to.” I smiled. “I wasn’t sure if it was going to be a girl or boy, so I got gender neutral colors. I hope you and your mate like it.” All the girls came to the door. “We all went out together and picked up the stuff. If there are doubles you don’t need, we left the receipt in there so you guys can exchange things”
Sterling’s face lit up, and I noticed a small tear. “Thank you, girls. Really, this is going to make Zay’s night.” Every one gave him a quick hug and then disappeared, leaving us alone at the door. “But this isn’t why I am here.
“What’s up?” I leaned against the frame as be readjusted the bag
“I was just about to go home, as my relief is here, but…” He trailed off and scratched his head. “Jora told me
+25 BONUS
Chapter 207
something.” He paused. There was a crackling over his radio.
“Sterling. Are you upstairs?” 
He held up a finger and then reached for his radio. “Yeah Jorah, what’s up?
“We have a visitor…actually two visitors for Alpha Amy. Since you are already upstairs somewhere, can you go to her place and let her know?”
“You can just tell me where her apartment is and I can go myself.” I froze as Brandon’s voice crackled over the radio.
“We can go together.” A second voice crackled over the radio and the girls were at my back again. Sterling gave a quick yes and then put his radio away.
“Sterling…” Toya wrapped her hand around my own. “Why are Nina and Brandon looking for Amy?”
He swallowed. “Probably because of the announcement going out tomorrow… The king,” He looked away. “The king is going to announce he’s looking for candidates for a chosen mate by council.”
###Next D 208
Chapter 208
I felt the world fall out from under my feet and 1 staggered back. Only Toya kept me upright. I knew he was going to do this. I just didn’t think it was going to happen so close
“You have got to be joking.” Wendy cried.
Hanna and Micca both growled, and I saw Sterling wince. Not in submission, but just from the ferociousness of the two. They sounded like they would kill someone. “Tell us you are lying, Sterling.” Micca’s voice was low, and I didn’t have to glance to know her wolf, Muse, was very much present.
Sterling looked away again. “I’m not sure. Jora just told me. But the King made a statement that there was going to be an announcement tomorrow. And I figured you should know.” I nodded.
“Don’t let them up. I’ll come down in a minute.” Sterling nodded, grabbed his bag, and left. But I turned to my friends. “I have to go check my email and my phone.”
Everyone nodded, but Toya followed me back into my room. “If there isn’t an email or text, or voicemail from that fucking man about this, I will kill him.”
I gave a tiny chuckle because, in this moment, it was all I could muster. “Let’s just see.” I booted up my computer and then grabbed my lockbox and grabbed my phone.
There were three missed calls, a text and a voicemail. I read the text first.
Rowan–Please check your email. ASAP
I showed the phone to Toya, and her eyes darted across the screen. “Hey. At least he isn’t stupid.” She swiped the notification from the top for the voicemail. After I entered my passcode, his voice rang out 
“Hey, Amy. I…fuck. I don’t know what to say to you, or how to say it. I’m going to be making an announcement tomorrow.” I heard a knock, a know on the door and then the sound of his phone hitting the table. Toya’s eyebrows shot up, and she looked at me.
“What’s going on?” She asked, but then we heard the door open and both of our attentions snapped back to the phone.
“My King.” A soft voice called out, and I felt my stomach clench.
Rowan’s voice was deep when his answer came out. “Did I tell you to enter, Verity?”
I heard the soft click of heels on the wood floor in his office and then a soft chuckle from the woman, who was apparently named Verity. “No, but I didn’t think I needed to ask to enter my mate’s office.”
His growl was swift and savage. “You are not my mate. You have never been my mate.”
“But I will be.” Her voice was sultry, and it was coming closer to the phone.”
“Who my mate will be will be determined by the council, and then by me. Whether you are even in the running is up in the air.”
Toya grabbed my shoulder and I slapped my hand over my mouth. “Goddess.” I whispered, as my world tilted once again.
Verity scoffed. “I’m the best candidate.”
“Who says?” Rowan shot back. “You are an elite warrior, I will give you that, but it doesn’t mean you are the best option for my mate.” We heard a fist slam into his desk, vibrating the phone there. “If there were any Lycans alive, you wouldn’t even be in the running.”
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 200
Toya gasped and pointed at me but I just shushed her. “Good thing there are no more Lycans.” Verity’s voice dropped low and something hit the floor. There was some rostling of clothing and then a gasp.
“Did I give you permission to touch me? Get up off your fucking knees and leave my fucking office. Only my mate will touch me, and you are not her.”
“Yet.” Her voice now held venom. 
“Get out.” His voice dropped low and the time restraint for voicemails finished as the call was disconnected after
his words.
“What the fuck was that?” Toya looked at me but I just shook my head.
“I don’t honestly know.” I threw my phone down onto my bed and grabbed my laptop, opening my email and finding one email marked urgent from Rowan.
Hey,
The council has been pushing these last few months for me to begin the process of finding a mate. And I put it off as long as I could, but I can’t any longer.
Every time I say no, there is another attack on a pack. Whenever I give in, it gives us a little more time to figure everything out.
1 figure I can start the process and hopefully they will get bogged down with applications to go through that. It will give us at least six more months before I have to date these women.
Apply. And get every female you know to apply.
Rowan.
2/2
###Next D 209
Chapter 209
Toya finished reading the email, as another came in. This one marked personal. “I think this one might have more of an explanation.” She pointed to the notification, but I was still frozen where I sank on to my bed when I read it. He had to date these women. What about me?
I heard a soft sad howl from the darkness of my forest where Nix had taken up residence in my soul. She hadn’t come out in a long time, and Megan only appeared periodically. They left me alone to deal with everything. And while I can kind of understand, I was growing resentful of my wolves. I was already cut adrift by my father. I had pulled away from my mother to sell my sadness. Her sadness. Rowan was doing his part and then there was us. So divided, they refused to come out any more.
We were supposed to be planning our next steps and I couldn’t even speak with them. I shook my head. I had let them pull away because, obviously; they had things they needed to deal with that they didn’t want to share with me just yet, but I was at the end of my rope. I pushed myself to approach the forest edge, and I called back to my two wolves.
Enough is enough. I don’t know why you guys pulled away from me, but you left me alone to deal with all of this myself. This silence was answer enough. I pulled my magic closer to me since it was the last thing that I had. You are letting a man come between us. Again. I screamed and then I turned away.
“Ouch.” Toya jumped back from me and my eyes snapped open and to her.
“What’s wrong?” s 
flinched back from my hand and pointed. I looked down at my hands to find sparks dancing between my fingers. “I hurt you?” My voice was hallow.
“It was an accident.” Toya came back to my side. “I’m fine. I just wasn’t expecting it.”
I closed my eyes and shook my head, pushing my power away to its grove and giving it a quick goodbye. I
appreciated it, and I didn’t want to offend it and lose it, too “Sorry. I just…” I shook my head as I felt a frustrated tear well up.
“What is going on, Amy? You haven’t been yourself in a while.”
“Nix and Megan pulled away the last night Rowan was here” I wiped at the tears on my cheeks, “They see everything I’m dealing with, but obviously what ever they are dealing with is more important because they left me alone for a man.” I could hear the bitterness in my voice, taste it on my tongue.
“Maybe they just needed to pull back and figure things out.” Toya was trying to be helpful but I snorted.
“Has Taz ever been so wrapped up in her own feelings that she refused to talk to you? Has your wolf pulled away so deeply that she refused to emerge even in the safety of your own mind? Megan comes out every month or so to say a word or two, then slinks back, but Nix? Nix has been gone for six months.” I flopped back onto my bed. “I’ve been alone for six months. And I get it. We all need space. But when is it going to be enough?”
“Oh Amy.” Toya came over and wrapped me in her arms. “Why haven’t you told any of us?”
“Because I didn’t want you guys to pull away, too. I didn’t want to be that girl that doesn’t have a wolf.” I pulled away enough to look up at her. “I’ve lived that life. Last time I had Nix’s voice, but I wasn’t able to shift. Now I’m able to shift but I don’t have the actual wolf.” I crumpled into her arms. “And shifting is becoming harder.” I said the last words as a whisper. My truth, I didn’t want to face. Since Nix and Megan had pulled away from me, every time I shifted, it hurt more and more. The damage I was doing to force the shift was painful, and it lasted longer and longer. After today’s training session, I was in so much pain I actually had to ask Sterling to get me some willow bark capsules to make it to my exam.”
“Amy…you know we can get addicted to that stuff.” I just nodded.
1/2
Chapter 209
+25 BONUS
“I had no other way. I couldn’t move.” I put my head in my hands. “I ran home in wolf form because I struggled to shift yesterday. And today, today my leg got stuck.” Toya gasped.
“What are we going to do?” Toya held me close, but I pulled away as my main phone rang out. I pulled the phone out of my pocket and answered.
“Hello?”
“Hey Amy…it’s Jora.” I closed my eyes.
“Yeah Jora, what’s up?”
“Alpha Nina and Brandon are still waiting down here to see you.”
22
###Next D 210
Chapter 210 
+25 RONUS
We all stepped out of the elevator and made our way to the front desk. The girls decided I couldn’t go downstairs alone, and since we were already here, after this shit show of a conversation, we could go out to eat.
“Jora.” I smiled and gave him a small wave. “How’s your family
He smiled wide and pulled out a card, handing it to me. “This is from the twins. They wanted to thank you personally for their birthday gift.
I smiled as I took the card, pulling it back as someone tried to snatch it out of my hand. “Who gives a fuck about this card?” Nina’s a trayed the last thread I had in my control. But I slipped the card back to one of the girls, keeping it safe.
“What I do with my card has nothing to do with you. And it’s mine, so I care.” I lifted my brow and tilted my head. “Why do you care so much is the actual question?”
She bared her teeth at me but I stayed calm on the outside. But I could feel my anger rising. She kept pushing my limit and eventually I would snap. “You kept me waiting.”
“And?” I crossed my arms. “We are not friends. I have zero obligation to even come down here to meet you. And you do not live here, so you are not allowed up unless given permission by a resident.” I gestured to the lobby and then to Jora. “Jora, does she have permission to enter the building?”
“No Amy. I explained that to her, but she tried to command me to let her up.” I threw back my head and laughed.
“Are you stupid?” I turned back to Nina. “First, you have no right to command anyone that works at the school. Even people at lower rank, because the staff are all from the King’s pack.” I shook my head. “Second, did you really think the king would have gamma’s manning the door to his personal home when he is here, be able to b
be commanded to let anyone through? He probably commanded them to follow the strict rules he put in place to protect himself from she–wolves just like you.” Jora snorted and Nina growled.
A few girls laughed, but then someone cleared their throat. Hey Amy. I came to see if you were okay.”
I turned to face Brandon, and surprisingly, there was no mourning howl from inside of me. “Hello.” I felt my face scrunch up in confusion. “Doing okay? About what?”
“Well, with everything that happened…” He trailed off.
“What do you mean?” I played dumb, but Nina scoffed.
“Your sister told us everything.” She spat as I turned to her in confusion.
“I don’t have a sister.”
“I think she means Shannon,” Brandon offered.
“Oh, how is your girlfriend?” I offered a tight–lipped smile. “I honestly haven’t seen her around. Mainly because I’m in a different program. I live here, and I avoid her at all costs.” Hanna choked on something and Micca patted. her back.
“She isn’t my girlfriend.”
“Oh no, you broke up. I’m sorry.” I patted his shoulder as I moved past. “Now, if that is everything you two needed, we are heading to dinner.”
“Can I come?” Brandon’s question was needy, but it was Nina’s words that had me pausing mid step.
“Rowan is choosing his mate, and it will not be you.” The sile in her voice was annoying, but I turned around
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 210
with a blank face.
“What are you talking about?” Usually this is where Nix would run to the surface, but all that was there was a soft hallow wind whipping through my mind. Leaving me more desolated than Nina’s words ever could. Men were just men, but my wolves were choosing to sulk about their men instead of working with me to stay strong, to find a path that we chose to walk. When I came back, I swore men off and they were with me, but now, now I was alone.
king is announcing that he is accepting applications for a mate. The council and he will go through all the choices and then he will pursue them.”
“Okay…” I twirled my hand, asking her to get to the point.
led her eyes 
“He will select his mate from the pool of women that enter. Nina rolled
“Get to the point you are so desperately trying to get to.” I looked at my phone screen. “I get it, you’re trying to break me with your words, yadda yadda, but can we speed this up? I’m hungry.”
Nina stomped her foot. “The council has already made the decision that your application won’t find its way into the pool of names.” She smirked and wiggled her shoulders
I laughed. “That’s you big play?” I walked closer to her and patted her head. “Sweet Nina. You act as if I don’t have the King’s email from class. If I wanted to..well,” I smiled. “I could just send him my application directly.”
www
###Next D 211
Chapter 211
Nina snarled, and I laughed. Actually, that gave me an idea turned back to the ladies and smiled. “Nina just gave me an amazing idea.”
“What?” She grabbed for me but I danced away and the girls smiled.
I looked back to a stone faced Brandon and had another idea. So I turned to face Nina. “I wasn’t even going to apply. I don’t think I am mate material for the king.” Nina and Brandon smirked. “But since you made such a big deal out of it, Nina. I’m going to apply. I’m going to get every single she–wolf I know to apply.” I laughed as she paled. “Fuck it. Let’s even let the men that want to apply, apply. I’m going to make it so fucking each for everyone and anyone to apply to being the king’s mate that it ruins what ever fucking plan you have.”
“You wouldn’t.”
I leaned in with a wolfish grin. “I have no expectations that would make it past the first draft, Nina.” I shot a look at Brandon, who had a small smile on his lips at the comment. “But since you came to my home and tried to make me feel small about something, I had no intention of involving myself in. Well, let’s just say my wolf won’t let me back down anymore.” Brandon gave a tiny nod. He understood this sentiment. “So now. I really need this to sink in. You caused this. But I’m going to finish it. And I will email the king, to explain to the king that because of you, he will get a flood of emails directly to him with individual applications as his mate.” I laughed as I walked away. “Hey.” I turned to face her as I continued to walk backwards. “He is still technically a teacher for my program. Maybe we can work this out so the project can be extra credit.”
I heard her screech as the rest of us walked away. “Are we driving?” Wendy asked as we walked outside.
I shook my head and checked everyone’s feet. They had gotten used to my random runs. They were all prepared. Let’s run it to the caff. I need to stock up on my meals.” They just nodded and we turned, but Brandon caught up
with us.
“Um, hey Amy?”
I rolled my eyes and I waited for the pain to come, but there was nothing. I smiled as I turned. “Yeah?”
“Is it okay if I come to eat with you?“.
I wanted to laugh but since Rowan has started his side; I guess I should start with mine. I opened my eyes a little wider. “Look Brandon. You seem like a nice guy. I know back hoe we didn’t really know each other and with everything that happened with Shan, I didn’t really give you a fair shake but I really don’t want to have issues with my stepsister. I don’t like her but he still technically live together. You know.”
He raised his hands. “I know. And I’m sorry I fell for her tricks. I really just want to be friends.”
H
I could feel the muscles around my eyes want to tighten, to frown. Did he really think I was this stupid? But I forced a slightly interested look onto my face. “Friends?” He nodded and the rest of the girls turned away. “Okay then, friends.” I nodded and then took off.
We ran the entire way to the caff and walked into the food line. “Let’s get the food to eat here first. I’ll stock up after.”
“I’m starving.” Hanna moaned as her stomach growled. “I wear your training is getting harder and harder every day.”
Toya laughed as we piled food onto our trays. “Foolish girl, that’s because they are. She is doing it on purpose to build up your conditioning.‘
I just laughed as everyone but Brandon turned to face me. “You’re the devil.” Wendy whispered, which only made me laugh harder.
Chapter 211
+25 BONUS
“Sorry girls. But you are all doing so much better than when we first started. We are almost to warrior training level and then they conditioning will level off.”
Micca pointed to me as the cook handed her a bowl of soup “You swear it?”
I raised three fingers like I’ve seen in human movies. “I swear it.” We all cackled as we thought back to the movie we watched the previous night about zombies and boy scouts.
Brandon smirked and shook his head. I watched him out of the corner of my eye and I remembered why everyone back home wanted to be his mate. His dirty blonde hair was a little long, a little shaggy and adorable. His green eyes were clear with a straight nose, and plump lips he was obviously good looking. Too bad he was evil.
He was a rot that needed to be cut away so the rest of our world could flourish
###Next D 212
Chapter 212
“Are you ready for today?” Toya woke me up the next day, Handing me a cup of coffee I wanted to kiss her for and a smile.
I nodded as I took my first sip. “I finished it at three in the morning. I also transferred it to my tablet.” I stretched. “Fuck my life. I’m exhausted.” But I felt my smile stretch across my face. “But it’s going to be worth it all
“What did he say?” Toya waited as I slipped my shoes on.
“He sent back one word. ‘Okay.“” I turned to her. “Like what the fuck is that?”
“Maybe someone is watching him?” She offered as a solution. I mean, she was probably right, but I’m just annoyed with it all.
“Do you know when the announcement will happen?” Toya turned to the door as a knock sounded. She opened it to find everyone else there holding tablets.
“What’s going on?” I took another shot of caffeine and cracked my neck as I settled on my sofa.
“We wanted to help.” Micca walked in and handed me her tablet.
“Help?” I furrowed my brow and wiggled her tablet. “With what?”
“Toya had the idea last night while you shut yourself up in bere.” Wendy handed me hers and Toya’s tablets and then sat down in my chair.
“What idea?”
The girls turned to Toya, who just smirked. “I was thinking instead of having just your tablet, what if we had a table of five tablets? All with the same application and system to forward the emailed forms directly to Rowan.” She wiggled her dark brows. “It will go five times faster and honestly, we can streamline the whole process. That way, if there is a deadline for applications of a few hours…we can maximize the amount we can put in.”
The idea was perfect. “You are a genius.” I jumped up and ran to my computer. I started the install of the program I created on the tablets and then had the girls log in to their emails. Once everything was set up, we stood. “Let’s go eat.” I smiled, but then my phone rang. “Hello?”
“Hey Amy.”
“Hey Sterling. What can I do for you?
There was a hesitant pause. “I have an Alpha Brandon waiting down here for you. He said he is here to help with today…” Sterling trailed off and I pulled my phone away from my ear.
“Um. Sure. We were just heading down, anyway.” I answer as I ended the call.
“What’s wrong?” Wendy slid up next to me.
“Brandon is here to ‘help‘ with today…” I looked to the girls and then down to my phone. “Well, let’s go see what this ‘help‘ is, ladies.”
We reached the ground floor. Brandon was leaning against the wall with a roll of brown paper against his leg. Confusion was the only thing in my mind as his smile stretched across his face. “Good morning.”
“Good morning Brandon.” I pointed to the roll. “What’s that?”
He smiled bigger. “I know you didn’t need my help with your plan for today, but I wanted to,” He looked at me hesitantly before turning to Sterling. “Can you help me with this?”
Chapter 212
+25 BONUS
Sterling looked to me and I gave a tiny nod before he walked around the desk and grabbed one end of the roll. Together, the two unrolled a banner that was obviously handmade, but it made a huge smile break across all our faces. “You didn’t.”
Brandon’s face took on a little bit of a predatory smile as he turned back to face me. “I did. I figured you guys were busy figuring out the logistics of how to do the tech stuff, that you wouldn’t think of something to pull people to you. I thought this might help.” The words were bold, black with golden highlights made of thick paint. The words Royal Mate Applications were written in clear legible letters across a ten–foot span. “I already moved a table from the caff into the main building hallway and I have a ladder waiting for us to slap this on the wall behind it.” Sterling’s eyes bulged out of his head as he read it, but Brandon was already rolling it back up. “This should attract everyone to you…right?”
“It’s perfect.” I bounced up to him and nudged his shoulder “Thank you.”
He sniffed a few times and I could see a little sadness flash across his face. “You are welcome.” I waited for Megan’s reaction to being this close to Brandon, but there was none. And I felt my face fall. “What’s wrong?” He leaned into me and I had to stop myself from pulling away. Allowing him to get close.
Nothing.” I lied. Then my stomach growled, and I smiled, thanking my body for saving me. I pulled away and turned to the girls. “I don’t know about you. I am starving.“I wiggled my now empty coffee cup. “And I need another shot of caffeine before the mayhem of today begins” Because we all knew today was about to be the biggest shit show of the century.
###Next D 213
lapter 213 
+25 BONUS
ate quickly, then made our way to the hallway. Brandon went up the ladder, but I held him back. “What’s up?”
et’s wait until the announcement happens.” I smirked at him, and he nodded. We got chairs and Brandon icked down a few long extension cords for us. We plugged in the tablets and we waited.
That’s going g on here?” A random few people stopped and asked us, but we just smiled.
here is going to be a big announcement today, and we are just getting ready to help the students here.” I smiled at one girl that stopped in front of the table.
kay… “she trailed off as she turned, but I called out to the students hanging around.
can’t tell you what the announcement is going to be, but when it happens. Remember, we are here to help eamline the process.” Everyone giggled as the confused students moved away from us.
‘hey probably think we are crazy.” Hanna tossed her hair, and nodded. I grabbed a lock and twirled it around ? finger.
our hair has grown so much since we met.” I still remember the short–haired bird framed girl I scared in the throom. “You have grown so much.”
e flexed her arm, making the firm muscle jump there. “I know. It’s crazy how much we have all changed. Well, eryone but you and Toya.”
ya grinned and flexed her arms, making her thin looking arms look huge. “I changed. It’s just less noticeable cause I trained before.”
andon stared at all of us, flexing with a weird smile. “I never knew any girls who enjoyed being this…”
trong?” Toya lifted her brow.
it?” Wendy offered.
Muscled.” Brandon finished. “It’s weird. But not in a bad way. He waved his hands as he watched everyone’s te darken.
aughed. “Our bodies are our weapons and we have to keep our weapons honed so that we can protect our packs, r friends,” I let tears spring to my eyes as I met his and allowed one slip down my cheek as I finished my ought. “Our families.”
winced as I said it. The stark reminder that he had something to do with the supposed death of my father’s ck. And I could see he wanted to feel guilty. There was a tiny glint of it in his eyes, but behind the guilt was mething far more menacing.
ide. 
: opened his mouth to say something, but then all of our phones dinged at the same time. We all pulled them it and clicked the link that was being broadcast from the Royal House. Show time.
wan stood there in all his glory. And I had to look away. He was perfection. His tousled hair was still pulled ray in a topknot. There was a new slash that cut down his face which meant the attack he just fought in was bad. ir it to not fully heal before he came up to do an announcement meant it was deep, or it was tainted with olfsbane. “Good morning everyone. Now I know what you are wondering. Why am I holding a press conference is early that is being pushed out to everyone?” There were a few laughed from the press there. This was going to
seen on every wolf broadcast around the world.
continued, but I put my phone down and looked over at the girls to find Brandon staring at me. His eyes had
+25 BONUS
Chapter 213
flashed to the dark black of his wolf and there was a possessive look in his eyes. But as soon as I put my phone down, he caught my eye, shook himself and he was back to normal. “You okay?” I played dumb, pretending I didn’t just catch him freaking out at me watching the king
He choked a little and then clear his throat. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
I stood, still hearing Rowan’s dark, delicious voice, and I turned to the banner, pointing at it. “Wanna get it up now?”
Brandon had to force himself to look away from me, which wasn’t a good sign. He got up the ladder and started to tape up his banner as I fed it to him, but I turned my thoughts inward. I searched for whatever could cause this and after a few moments; I found it.
Deep in my clearing, my candle, the only thing keeping Brandon from knowing I was his mate, was flickering. It had burned down to nothing and was about to go out. I nearly screamed my frustration. Enough is enough.
I closed my eyes and pictured a full candle, focusing on keeping the flame strong. And I opened my eyes. The candle before was gone, leaving the one I changed it with in its place.
But I had made a decision. Whatever was going on with my wolves? It ended today.
###Next D 214
Chapter 214 
+25 BONUS
Once the banner was up, I sat back down to find Rowan was just getting to the point. I watched Brandon out of the corner of my eye, but he seemed like he settled down, thankfully.
“What are you saying, my king?” One of the reporters was frustrated at his long–winded explanation. You could see it in her face. The girls giggled.
“What?” I turned to them and Micca leaned over.
“The reporter knows what the announcement is, but she can’t say anything until Rowan says the words. She is frustrated.”
I turned back to my phone. “Who is she?”
“I can’t remember her name, but she is always at these press conferences. Look.” Micca nodded towards her phone. “Every time she is on the screen, her face is full of need. She has wanted the king since he first came into power and she was new on the circuit.”
“Ew.” He was a child.
“Yupp.” Micca popped the ending p of the word. “My mom said this woman has made it her mission to get the King to react to her, but he never does.”
D
Rowan glowered at the reporter, but then smiled. “I guess what I am trying to say is that the council thinks the time has come for me to start the process of selecting a mate.” The room erupted. Rowan raised his hands, shouting “Calm down. Let me explain.” But even that wasn’t enough to curb the hungry wolves at his feet. C Enough.” Even through the screen, I could feel his power. Which was insane. “Now let me explain what this means.” The room grew quiet and people who had surged to their feet settled back into their chairs. “We have an application form that anyone can fill out. I will say that while I won’t specifically say males can’t fill out the form, I am a straight male, so take that as you will.” He smiled and my heart stuttered. “Once you fill out the form, you can send it to the official council emails. Those of you lucky enough to have my email can also send it there and I will print it out myself.”
“What is the process?” Someone shouted out.
“What is the age limit?” Another shouted.
“There is no age limit. Any and every single wolf can apply. We will keep applications open for two days, so make sure you complete it right away. The form went up last night and you can send it in as fast as you can fill it in. But please only one. Once we have closed the application process, the council and I will go through all of them. We will select the most promising wolves, and then I will reach out to the specific wolf and make an appointment.
One of the councilman came to the stage and smiled. His face was full of triumph and I wanted to smack it off his face. “What the King means is he will make a date with the top wolves.” Rowan glared at the man until he back off the
“No. I meant an appointment. I want to get the feel of the wolf before I agree to go out on a date with them. But once that happens. I will date the wolves and weed them down until I have selected the top contenders.”
“What happens then?” The first reporter was nearly salivating at just the thought of having a date. “Well, it honestly depends.” Rowan smiled. “I haven’t gotten that far because there is still a chance that in this pool of wolves, I might find my actual goddess given mate, and if that happens, then the contest ends there.”
I could see the anger on the council’s face, but what did they expect? “Wait, so if you find your goddess given mate, then the rest of the girls just go home.”
Chapter 214
+25 BONUS
Rowan laughed. “Of course. Like any wolf, I want to find my mate. The one the goddess herself blessed me with. With her, then I wouldn’t need a selected mate because I have found my heart’s song.” Rowan shook his head as if it was a stupid question. And it was. Why would a wolf choose a mate when his true mate was found?
The same councilman stepped back onto the stage and I could see the vein pulse on Rowan’s face. “The odds are not in the King’s favour, unfortunately.” Rowan turned to glare at him. “Lycan’s usually mate with other Lycan’s and sadly, he is the last of his kind, so there is a good chance that he will select his mate in the next coming months.” Rowan growled, and the councilman stumbled away.
“The odds aren’t in my favor, sure I will agree with that, but the councilman keeps forgetting that Lycan’s mate, whoever the goddess gives them, wolf or Lycan. But I will keep to my word, and the next coming months the process will begin.” Rowan turned back to the councilman with hatred on his face. “That is all for today.” Then he walked off the stage.
###Next D 215
Chapter 215
After the announcement was finished, there was a collective pause that could be felt all around the school…and then chaos erupted. And in the middle of that churning storm of need and desperation were me and my friends.
Women of all shapes and sizes ran through the corridor and then spotted the giant banner Brandon had made and made a beeline for us. “Welcome to the Application table. Take this tablet.” I handed the first girl that made it to me. “Fill in the application and hit submit. Make sure you enter your proper email, as it will send you a duplicate of the application process and the receipt that it has been sent in.” I smiled as she snatched the tablet away and filled in the paperwork. “According to the king, you will receive a confirmation email that your application has been received by the email in place.”
“Thank you.” She filled it in and then handed it back. Wirth in seconds, she received two notifications. One email confirming the application had been sent, and one from Rowan’s email he had set up the night before, that it had been received. “Oh my goddess, it’s true. You did this.” I just smiled and nodded. 1
“Remember to spread the word that we are here.” She screamed and did a happy dance and then started texting away. Soon, we were overrun
One after another, the tablets weren’t ever on the table for more than a second and the applications were being sent in droves. And these were just the student population. could only imagine how many applications they were getting. Their email system must be in overdrive.
But thankfully, Rowan had prepared for this before this whole thing started. “How are they even this?” Toya leaned over with wide eyes. “I lost count of how many girls have been here.”
prepared for
I pulled out my phone and checked the dashboard I had created to keep track of everything. The number of applications was staggering. I looked over at the girls and my eyes zeroed in on Wendy. “Hey, Wendy. How many students come to school?” 
She waggled her head. “I’m not sure. I think max capacity would be around twenty–three thousand.” She quickly did the math. “We have the apartment building full of about six thousand students and we have the six dorm buildings, each holding about twenty–five hundred students. Give or take a few thousand. Why?”
The girls all leaned over and I watched as their eyes grew wider. We had already processed over three thousand applications in the few hours we had been sitting there. “What the fuck is going on?” The screech ripped through the air and I could feel a smile settle onto my face as I turned my phone screen off. If we kept going at this rate, we could have over ten thousand applications submitted between today and tomorrow. There were hurried footsteps through the crowd and frustrated whines coming from the women being pushed aside. But I settled into my seat as Brandon leaned in closer to me with his own smirk
“Is your entertainment about to arrive?” His question caught me off guard, but I just turned to meet his amused gaze with my own.
“Goddess, I hope so. While today has been busy, it has been quite dull, don’t you think?”
“You fucking bitch.” I turned away from Brandon and faced Nina as she stomped up to my table. “How fucking dare you do this!” she screamed in my face, but I just laughed.
“What’s wrong Nina?” I stood and gestured down the tables. “I’m just giving these women the same right you or I have.”
She scoffed. “It won’t fucking matter. Their applications will be tossed in the trash, just like yours.” She smirked, but I threw my head back and laughed.
“Oh Nina. You stupid bitch.” I turned to face the frozen crowd. “Did you really just say that out loud…here?”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 215
I watched as Nina did a painfully slow turn to stare at all the women glaring at her. Nina glared right back. “Did I fucking stutter? Your applications will all be tossed by the council. Like any of you are fucking worthy of being actually chosen.”
I watched as some of the girl deflated and turned away before I raised my voice. “Don’t listen to her. Everyone has the right to apply. And everyone will have their application looked at through our process, because the council isn’t directly involved.” The girls froze and tumed back as smirked. “The thing is Nina, none of these applications go to the council to be appraised as you said. These applications that I take today and tomorrow…they are going directly into the King’s email. And he has sworn to look over every application with a discerning eye. Unlike those that will go through the regular council bullshit.”
“You wouldn’t fucking dare.”
“Why not Nina? I got the King’s permission.” I smiled as she paled. “After I told him you personally said that the council was going to toss cer
###Next D 216
Chapter 216
+25 BONUS
I stumbled into my apartment around ten, utterly exhausted, but I had something I still had to do. I showered, ate, and then curled up into my chair. With shaky resolve, I turned in and I started down the path I had once walked months ago. I was back to the first day when my grandmother coached me through finding my power, but this time, I was searching for something else.
My wolves.
I
ailed my hands down the trees of my mind as I passed. I walked barefoot through the tall grass. The pathway that was so clear back then had become overgrown and I didn’t know why.
“Because your wolves stopped using it.” I turned to see a woman walking next to me., Her hair and skin were luminous, a bright shining light in the darkness.
“Moon Goddess.” My breath hitched. “Why are you here?”
“Because you need me to be.” Her smile was soft, but it comforted me.
I turned back to the path ahead of us and we continued. The trees growing darker the deeper we went. We walked for a long time before I worked up the courage to ask. “Why did they leave me?” It’s been the question that had been eating at me for months. The one I desperately needed an answer to
The goddess slowed and grabbed my hand to pull me to a stop with her. “I don’t know. But I will help you figure it out and together.” She paused as she wiped a stray tear off my cheek. “Together, we will fix it.” She kissed my brow, and I closed my eyes. I shivered with need, but I was going to hold back. I swear I was. But then she wrapped her arms around me and my resolve broke. I dove into her arms and I sobbed. “Oh my dear girl.”
“They are the missing pieces to my soul and they left me to wither alone.” I crumpled to the ground and sobbed harder. “And I had no one I could tell, or turn to. Why would they do this to me?”
The moon goddess gripped me to her as she stroked my back. “Let’s go find out.” She pulled me to my feet. Gone was the aloof goddess that had watched over our race, and in her place was just another woman. Like my mom or grandma, loving and taking care of me when I needed it.
“Why are you helping me so much?” I swatted at a few more tears and her chuckle was soft.
“You haven’t figured it out, have you? I thought you had, from your last words of your first life.” She wrapped her arms around my waist and we walked again, deeper into my soul.
“What do you mean?”
“Do you remember what you said?”
“Yes.” I closed my eyes and pictured my last day. As Brandon stood over me. My declaration. “But we are all descended from you.”
She nodded. “All wolves are descended from my power. And you know Lycans are my descendants as well. Do you know how?” I shook my head. She gave a soft smile. “Before I had grown in power, I was cut adrift, much like you are. I had no animal to call, no direction, if you will. I was the moon, I was death, but I wanted to be so much more. Then I heard it.” She tightened her hand on my side.
“Heard what?”
“The call of the wolves.” She smiled. “But from the sky, I could not get close enough to see them. They were too fast.
and I was too young to leave. But, high on a mountain a man was attacked.”
“Attacked by what?”
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 216
The goddess shivered. “Something gone from this world.” Her eyes were dark. “Something I am trying to keep away.” She shook her head, causing the light to dance behind my eyelids, “He was dying, alone, and begging someone to save him. But he was alone, and I was the only thing above him, so he prayed to me. He was the first to call me Moon Goddess, the first to pay tribute to my status. The first to openly worship me, and he was the first to receive my blessing.” She waved her hand and the forest was gone.
The moon was glowing brightly, and this high up, it felt so close I could touch it. But then a man coughed and my eyes adjusted to the darkness of the land.
There, on the highest peak as a man, broken, bloody, and dying. “Moon goddess. I know you are with me, and I will be with you soon. Please take care of my family. My children.” He coughed. And the world seemed to slow. A glowing drop fell from the sky like a tear and landed on his face. Then a second and another.
Her soft whisper came from beside me. “I was stuck in the sky, so I cut myself, blessed him with my blood.” His scream ripped through the sky, and he shifted. First into a white wolf, and then into a second form. “The first Lycan.”
27 
###Next D 217
Chapter 217 
+25 BONUS
The scene before me was wiped away with her arm. The screams that had shattered the silence of my mind were gone in an instant and once again, we were alone in the trees of my mind. “The first Lycan was born from your blood. The wolves were born from your power.”
“Exactly. But you, your line is different.” She walked a few steps. “You wolf line, your fathers, descended from the first wolf, and from a powerful line of witches. But your mother’s line. Her Lycan line came from me.” Her grip on me tightened again. “You see, I fell in love.” Her eyes were full of tears as we continued down our path, but her smile was bright. “The man I saved had a large family, who had children, and they had children until Wellin came.”
“Why has no one heard of Wellin?”
“Because…” She shook her head and I felt a slight burn as her tear landed on my hand. “Because I loved him too much, and when he betrayed me, I banished him.” A soft sigh escaped her. “He was my everything.”
“What happened?”
“I had finally grown into my power. And I could leave my sky and started to walk among the wolves down here on earth. I found my peace here, with my pets and connected with the world.” She smiled. “I finally wasn’t alone. But from my position in the sky I watched over my Lycans, my first creations and made sure they flourished. One day I stumbled across Wellin walking and I knew he was one of mine. I could scent him, and he connected to me. But there were no mate’s back then, nothing that tied two creatures together except for their love, much like how the humans lived. He thought I was just another woman, and I enjoyed the attention. He made me feel beautiful.” She closed her eyes and I felt her tremble. “I came back night after night and found him waiting for me. Soon, we grew together. But he never told me of his nature. He kept himself apart from me, so I never told him of mine.” She looked at me and I watched the trail of her tear. Two trails of moonlight donned her face, and it took my breath away. “You have to understand, I was lonely, and he was my everything. He became my everything. We grew together, made a life. I turned my back from my goddess path and made myself almost forget who I truly was. We mated, a handfasting under my moon, and promised our lives to each other. And soon I had a babe. His babe. But all good things never last.” She pushed forward, pulling me with her, and her sorrow followed us. “Our daughter was strong, beautiful and like her father. But I was growing weak. I had to go back to the sky for a night to recharge, and that’s when I found them.”
She grew silent, and I knew, but UI still asked. “Found who?”
“Wellin had another. While I raised our daughter, he went out and found a new woman. I watched as they hand fasted under my moon, and my heart shattered. Our daughter was old enough that she was already looking for her husband and I made my decision to stay in the sky. But that’s when I created the mate bond. One soul made for the other. So that her father could never cheat on another. So that my child could never be broken, as Lwas broken.”
“He cheated on the moon goddess?” She nodded
“So believe me when I tell you I know your pain.” She cupped my cheeks. “You are not alone in your pain. And together…we will figure out your wolves.” I nodded and when turned back to the path again. The surrounding trees were dark, thick, and damp.
“How much further?” I searched for my wolves, and there was nothing.
The goddess lifted her shoulder. “This is your mind and sou. Your wolves retreated to where they feel the safest.”
We passed my clearing with the candle a while back. Now we passed the dark corner of my mind where my power pulsed. The green ball of light was still and steady, grounding me with its steady flicker.
We left the trees behind, and now we were just walking in the dark. “I can’t see where anything is.” I waved my hand in front of us and the goddess beside me just chuckled
Chapter 217
+25 BONUS
“We are inside you. Close your eyes and focus on them. Listen to your inner voice and feel where they are.” She waited until I followed her instructions and we waited.
And waited
Until finally, off in the distance, I felt a flicker of something So I turned towards it and we walked until finally, we walked up to my two wolves, laying in each other’s paws.
+25 BONUS
###Next D 218
Chapter 218
Chapter 218
We made it to their sides, and I realized in the dim glow of the Moon Goddess that Nix had grown thin, and Megan’s fur was patchy. “What is wrong with them?”
“I don’t know. But they are not healthy.” The goddess let go of my side and crouched down, stroking my wolves, shaking them from their slumber. “Why are you down here, little ones?” The goddess stroked their faces, lifting their heads as they struggled to wake.
Megan was the first to realize they weren’t alone. “Moon Goddess?” Megan struggled to stand on her shaky legs. ” Why are v
here?”
“We were wondering the same.” The goddess shifted, and Megan’s eyes met mine. I watched her widen and then
fill with shame.
“Amy…” she started. “Why are you here?” Her voice was thick with some pent up emotion.
“Why am I here?” I had to give a tiny, sad laugh. “Why are you two? Do you know how long I’ve been looking for you? How long you left me alone?”
“Amy…I-”
I held up my hand. “I don’t want to hear any excuses, Megan.” I got to my knees and I realized I was angry. Angier than I ha ever been at my two wolves.
The goddess grabbed my hand and shook her head. “This is not the time to be angry. We have to figure out what is wrong with your wolves.” She turned back to Megan. “You can stop guarding her now, young one. I’m here to help.”
“I didn’t know what else to do.” Megan sat down with a heavy sigh, like standing for even a moment was difficult.
I reached out to Megan, because even though I was mad at them both, I was worried. “What’s wrong with you?” She collapsed sideways into my arms and sighed.
“I’m so tired.” She whispered. “But I couldn’t leave her.”
I looked over to Nix, who still hadn’t moved from where she lay. The goddess looked at me and gave me a small smile. “This might hurt a bit.”
“What?” The light exploded from her. My chest felt like it was on fire as the darkness was banished by the blazing light from the goddess. I squinted as I reared back and waited for my eyes to adjust. The dark black room was gone and somehow we were now in this bright white room. Light came from every surface, leaving me reeling. My chest tightened with every breath. “What’s going on? Why does it hurt?”
“I’m sorry but I needed to see her fully to understand. The pain you’re feeling is because we are in the deepest recesses of your mind. A place made for your darkest truths to stay hidden, and right this second, I’m using my power to illuminate everything. You soul is feeling exposed pained, and unsafe. But I promise once we leave, the pain will dissipate.” I just nodded, wiping away tears that had started to free fall. “You are feeling sad and vulnerable. But she needs us.”
We turned back to Nix, and finally we could see the damage. She was thin, terrifying, so I could see each rib through her fur. Her fur its self was falling out, dull and lifeless. The moon on her forehead was nearly faded, and her breathing was ragged. “What’s wrong with her?”
“She is being attacked.” The moon goddess leaned over my wolf and whispered.
Megan looked up at me, and I could hear the emotion. “She commanded me not to tell you. That you were dealing with too much and she could handle it. But then she just collapsed. And I couldn’t leave her.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 218
“How long has she been like this?”
“Months.” Megan’s whisper was devastated. “I was feeding her my strength to keep her alive, but I had little left. That’s why you struggled with shifting.” I felt her tear trail over my legs. “I’m sorry.”
“Why didn’t you ask me for help?” I ran my finger through her patchy coat. “I would have come sooner.”
“You know she thought of that, too.” She huffed out a shaky breath. “Nix thought that since we were helping with your magic, we could fight it.”
“Magic?”
The goddess looked up and nodded. “You have been under attack for months, and because of her foolish need to handle it herself, they almost killed all three of you.”
I felt my mind race. If it was magic, I should be able to fight it. “I just need to know what spell it is.” I closed my eyes and mentally flip through my Book of Shadows.
“You don’t have to. I know what it is.” The goddess whispered, “Who ever is attacking you was trying to remove your connection to me.”
“Okay.”
“But they didn’t know that to do that, you would have to die. You were born from my flesh, my blood, my power, and my blessings. You could never be severed from me.”
“How do I stop it?”
“Follow the power back, and shatter the spell at the root, before it kills you.”
###Next D 219
Chapter 219
“Follow the power back…” I closed my eyes and when I opened them back up, I was back in my apartment. I stood from my chair and ran to my room. I pulled out my lock box and grabbed my book. I flipped through the pages manically. One page after the other until I found it. A tracing spell. I read down the list and checked the time. It was late, but I was sure I could find what I needed at a superstore.
I pulled out my phone and called Toya, “Hey.”
“Hello?” Her voice was exhausted, but I needed her. “It’s late. I was just about to turn in. What’s wrong!
“I need your help.” 
Instantly, I could hear the shift in her voice. “What’s wrong? What do you need?”
“You know the issue I was having with my wolves?”
“Yeah…” She was hesitant, and I wanted to laugh.
“I’m actually under an attack, and they were trying to deal with it themselves instead of telling me. Cause they are stupid. I need supplies for a spell.”
“Holy shit.” I could hear her spring up. “Like magic?”
I laughed then. “Yeah. Like magic.”
“Wendy!” she called and I nearly choked on my spit. “It’s time.”
“Time?” I asked, but the two women were a whirlwind.
I heard Wendy come running. “Magic time?”
I coughed. “Toya!”
“I’m sorry!” She cried. “But I didn’t bring it up. Wendy kinda figured it out a while ago.”
I sputtered. “What?”
“Wyn’s ears are better than almost any wolf I have ever met. The first day she heard the shift in the room and every day since.” Toya rushed through her explanation. “A few months ago, before you told me, she pulled me aside and explained her feeling that you were dropping a shield, like those human sci–fi shows. And I pushed her off. I told her she was crazy, but then she started watching. Last month, she told me she thought you were a shaman. But that you had power.” She slammed a door. “And then you told me and I walked into our apartment and she jumped up, screaming. When I asked her what the Hell she was talking about, her exact words were ‘Amy just told you she had magic, right? I can tell by your face. I knew it.“” Toya sighed, but Wendy giggled.
“Sorry Aim. You aren’t as stealthy as you think you are.” There was a ding, and then the two women were walking through my front door.
I was momentarily stunned because I obviously forgot to lock my door in my exhaustion. But they were carrying a box. “What is this?”
“Magic supplies.” Wendy grinned. “I have been randomly squirreling stuff away since I figured it out, in case this happened”
“You’re kidding.” I jumped for the box as she shook her head. There were candles, a couple odds and ends, a shallow metal bowl that I lifted with a raised eyebrow.
“I figured we could use it to hold a fire. It shouldn’t melt.” just smiled and chuckled in disbelief.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 219
“You, Wendy, are amazing.” She preened at my words.
“I know, right? She thinks of everything.” Toya wrapped her arms around her and squeezed.
I finished looking through the box and grabbed my book again. We were still missing a few every day herbs. “We still need to run to the superstore.”
H
“The super store?” Both women turned to me and I nodded pointed to my book. Toya lifted her brow and Wendy bit her lip.
“I know you are saying something when you point at the rock in your hand here. Aim. But I don’t think either of us gets it.” Toya tilted her head in confusion, looking at my hands and I nearly smacked myself.
“This is my Book of Shadows. It holds the spells of my family. I’m going over the ingredients and there are some random herbs we are missing and we should be able to find them at a regular store. Thyme, rosemary, stuff like that.”
Wendy sighed. “I was hoping I could see it. But I just see a rock too.”
I handed her the book, and I watched as her eyes flickered through some emotions. Confusion was first, unease, and a flash of something uncomfortable like greed, but that cleared quickly, leaving utter disbelief. “Holy shit.”
I nodded as Toya took the book. “Give me the rock.” I cracked a smile as her face went through everything Wendy’s just did. “Holy goddess, it is a book.” She looked up at me. “I can feel the power from this thing. It’s
ancient.”
I nodded. “Yes.” I held out my hands and she stepped closer *||||
“It calls to us. Did you know that?” Toya whispered as she slid the book into my waiting arms.
“What do you mean?”
“The book.” Wendy nodded. “When we held it, it whispered to us. The power it could give us. Almost as if it was testing our loyalties.” Toya nodded.
“It’s powerful. I don’t think you should show anyone other than us.” Toya bit her lip. “Not even the others.”
###Next D 220
Chapter 220
1 called downstairs. “Jora?”
“Hey Amy, what can I do for you?”
“We need to go to the superstore off campus.”
There was a pause. “For…”
“I need to get supplies I thought I had for=”
“Dinner.” Wendy interrupted me and I smiled, giving her a thumbs up.
“Your cooking dinner now? It’s nearly eleven.”
“Jora, we are wolves. Sometimes you just have to eat a full chicken roasted with fresh herbs.” His laugh let me know I had him..
“Fine. But next time, I’m expecting some of the chicken.” There was some rustling. “Meet me down at the van. We will have to make this quick.” I nodded like she–would see it.
“Of course.” I hung up, and we ran out the door. “That was surprisingly easy.” Toya and Wendy both snorted.” What?”
“They love you here.” Toya looked at me from the corner of her eye.
“Not only do you treat them with the respect they deserve. You are an Alpha who isn’t in their pack and still treats them with the status and respect they deserve.” Wendy pointed at me with her finger.
“And you genuinely care about them. You ask about their families, their pups. You get them gifts.”
I turned to face them. “So do you guys.” But the two girls shook their heads.
“Honestly, it wouldn’t have occurred to me.” Toya lifted her shoulder. “I would have been respectful. But I wouldn’t have gotten to know them.”
Wendy nodded. “I honestly would have just given them polite smiles. They are way above me in rank and my momma always told me to be silently supportive. Be nice, and unobtrusive.” The elevator opened onto the basement parking garage and Jora was waiting.
He smiled, his orange red hair was shaggy in this weird growing stage, and I nearly laughed. His green eyes were bright and his freckles stood proudly on his pale skin. “Come on, ladies.” He called as he slid into the driver’s seat as we walked over.
I opened the passenger door, and the girls slid into the back “You are really committing to the long hair, eh?”
He threw back his head and laughed. “When you say it like that, Aim, you make it seem like I don’t look devilishly handsome like my mate tells me.”
I cracked a smile as I waved my hands around his head. “It’s in this weird in between stage that looks-”
“Horrible.” Toya giggled and Jora slapped a hand to his chest.
“You wound me, Toya.” He turned in his seat. “I’ll have you know I can just make the tiniest of ponytails.” All of us lost it. He scowled as he turned back. “What can I say? My mate asked for long hair. I’ll grow the long hair.”
I nodded. “As any good mate would.”
“It works for the king” Toya pointed out and I felt my stomach flutter.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 220
Jora pulled out of the garage and he headed toward the store. “Clair told me he had to silence his phone for the time being.”
“Who?” Wendy leaned in.
“Rowan, the king, apparently he has email after email coming in nonstop all day. And normally, while he would usually become more and more agitated with each passing notification, this time his smile got bigger and bigger.” Jora turned to me. “Know anything about that?”
“Whose Clair?” She asked again, and everyone else turned to look at her.
“The elite personal warrior to the king?” Jora dropped his head. 1
“The most badass woman in the history of women.” Toya grabbed her shoulder. “Wendy, you have to have heard of Clair.”
She just shook her head. “She is the best female warrior there is.”
Toya turned to me. “I think you might actually give her a run for her money.” I scoffed, but she shook her head. ” We know you hold back during training,”
“Well, I’m stronger than you guys.” I turned back and shook my head. “Anyway, the emails made him happy?”
Jora howled. “Very much so. The council was all confused, asking why he was receiving so many emails so quickly. But then they got a call from someone and the council mood shifted.”
“Shifted how?” Toya leaned between the seats.
The smirk on Jora’s face said it all. “Every email that came, Rowan would smile and then would frown. By the end of the meeting, they were asking the king to give them access to his personal email so that they could handle them.”
I rubbed my forehead. “Please tell me he said no.”
Jora shook his head. “He told them to go fuck themselves. That this was his personal email and they wouldn’t get access to it ever.” I felt the knot in my stomach loosen.
“Good.”
“They tried to argue. Said they had the right to see all applications. But the king just told them they were getting half of the applications and already have to deal with those. The ones emailed to him. He would handle himself. That way, he was a part of the process.‘
###Next D 221
20:21 Mon, Feb 24
Rejected You, Alpha
Chapter 16 Do You Want To Do It With Me
Kathryn’s POV:
?、  63%
Finished
Lucian gazed intently at me and asked in a husky voice. “Did you grab me just now because you wanted to do it with me?”
I was at a loss for words.
Could it be that the hard thing I grabbed hold of just now was his… What the f*ck! How can this guy get aroused anytime, anywhere?
I hardly knew what to say in response. “I was just reminding you not to let the housekeepers come to my side! Has lust consumed your mind? You seem to relate everything to that!”
“Mm–hmm. I want to do it. Don’t you?” He guided my hand downward, settling it on his prominent arousal.
My face instantly flushed red. “You! We’re getting divorced, so why would I want to do it with you!”
He studied me for a few seconds, and the fog clouding his eyes gradually lifted. Then, he rolled out of bed and said. “Let’s get some sleep.”
After he finished speaking, he strode straight out.
Fine, leave! I couldn’t care less where he goes 
I pulled the covers over my head and drifted off to sleep.
Oddly enough, as I tossed and turned in bed, I started to feel increasingly warm and a surge of desire pulsated deep between my thighs.
Why do I want it so much tonight… Could it be that the induction injection I took a few days ago is just starting to take effect now? 
I closed my eyes and bit down on my lower lip as my fingers traced a path down my body, gliding across my chest and continuing their descent.
During my last intimate encounter with Lucian the previous month, his rough, calloused fingers had traced patterns on my skin. He had whispered suggestive words in my ear, eliciting moans from me His body next to mine, his hand… between my legs.
The moment my fingers slipped into my underwear, I gasped as pleasure coursed toward my throbbing
core.
I could not help but reminisce about everything he had once done to me in bed. His touch had been both rough yet gentle, his scent assertive yet sweet.
He would kiss me as his fingers traced circles around my most sensitive area. His fingers would seek out my entrance, slowly stretching it until it could just barely accommodate him He- 
“You look like you need me.” His voice echoed in my car, and my eyes flew open.
I did not know how long Lucian had been standing by the bed. Our eyes met. His eyes shimmered with at
1/2 
20:21 Mon, Feb 24
1 x 63%
Finished
Chapter 16 Do You Want To Do It With Me
He knelt beside my bed, leaning forward, and propped himself up on my mattress with his elbow. A smile played on his lips as he asked, “Do you want it?”
It seemed like an invitation, and he was delivering it personally.
My mind was in a haze. All I had was one thought–I desired him with a wild and relentless longing!
I got up and perched on the edge of the bed. Reaching out, I wrapped my arms around his neck and offered him my lips.
A low growl escaped from his throat as his lips fiercely intertwined with mine.
He circled one of his arms around my waist, drawing me closer to him. Quickly, his hand slid downward, gripping my hips and pulling my lower body even nearer. I could feel his evident arousal.
Then, he climbed onto the bed and pinned me down onto the soft mattress. My body sunk into the covers as he pressed against me.
I trembled beneath him, clutching at his hair as moans escaped my lips. His hard length grazed against the inside of my thigh and rubbed against my intimate area.
He growled softly, his lips moving against mine. As he pushed his tongue into my mouth and twirled it around my own, I could discern the taste of vanilla from his mouth. I loved it.
His fingers slid along my thigh, his body pressing against mine. I could feel his length and thickness.
He’s so big. My underwear was soaked through from my arousal, and the scent of hormones filled the air around us.
Lucian let out a deep moan, then lowered his head to kiss my lips once more. “You’re exquisitely sweet, my Luna.”
He pulled away and his mouth gradually trailed downward, nipping at me gently from time to time. My slip dress slid off as I subconsciously arched my upper body and offered my breasts to him.
His eyes turned a deep crimson as he began sucking on my bosom like a wild beast. A faint sensation of pain radiated from my nipples, and I could not help thinking that he must have bitten through them.
“Lucian,” I moaned, my fingers fiercely gripping his hair. I moved my hips passionately, rubbing my cloth- covered intimate area against his substantial masculinity.
My lower body began to quiver with anticipation, yearning for his touch.
20
Chapter 221
We pulled into the super store parking lot and hopped out. But Jora just kept talking. “The council then tried to argue that it would be unnecessary for him to be that involved in the process so that every girl has the same starting point, but the king disagreed. He turned on them. Clair sent me a video.” We were walking in to the store when Jora handed me his phone. He clicked the play button and Toya and Wendy crowded my back to watch.
Rowan was just turned to face the mob of men behind him, and you could tell he was agitated. “What do you mean, I shouldn’t be involved in the selection? It’s my fucking mate we are choosing here.” Clair had to adjust her body, I am assuming, to keep the phone hidden. “Why should I let you all choose my mate without any of my input? Did you think I was just going to fall in line? Did you assume I would just accept any woman you choose that is under your thumb and happily make her my queen?” Rowan turned and walked away from the trembling men. You could tell they were pissed that he wasn’t falling in line.
“You can’t do this.” One councilman screamed and Rowan turned.
“You keep forgetting this is my life. I am king. You are just my council and I am really getting fucking tired of you trying to control everything I do. It is not your job to control me, it is your job to council me and the fact that you all keep pushing the envelope is making me really question if you are still necessary.”
A stillness settled over the group of men. “What are you saying?” I could hear the threat in the words.
“I’m saying you were put in place in case the worst happened to my father when I was too young to figure things out. And it did. The worst happened. My father passed away and I was left alone with you guiding me..
But…”
“But what?““One of them stepped forward, and Rowan’s eyes tightened.
“But I am no longer a pup confused about how to rule my kingdom.” Rowan turned and left them speechless. The video cut off, and we were stuck there wondering what we just watched.
I was the first to break the silence. “Stupid man.” I handed Jora back his phone as panic wrapped around my throat.
“What?” Jora tucked his phone away and followed us.
“He just put a target on his back. Bigger than it was before. Toya wiped her face. “They will gun for him harder
now.”
“Exactly.” Wendy confirmed, and the panic felt like it started to strangle me.
“How did he do that?” Jora followed behind, like a good guard.
I wiped at the sweat that had beaded on my forehead. I had to calm myself down. Before I could worry about Rowan, I needed to handle my attack. “He is challenging them. Showing his intention early.” I hurried towards the vegetables. “Now what we have to decide is if he did it on purpose to pull the attention away from something, or if he allowed his anger to speak for him.”
Toya and Wendy stopped dead. “Do you think he would do it on purpose?”
I bobbed my head back and forth. “He might feel like they were getting too close to finding something out he wanted to keep hidden, or to pull attention away from someone. I could see him doing that because he was worried. But…”
Jora came closer. “But?”
“But I can also see him getting so angry that he said it without really thinking it through. He Is a Lycan, and while they are obviously not Immortal, they are stronger than the average wolf. And Rowan is the strongest man I have ever met.” Toya caught up with me as I stop in front of the erbs.
+25 BONI
Chapter 221
“But he isn’t stupid.” She grabbed for the rosemary.
“No…no he’s not.” I grabbed some thyme, and we grew quiet. Rowan was keeping things secret and now I had to figure out a way to protect him.
But first, I needed to figure out what was killing my wolves. I looked over at Toya. “Grab everything. I don’t know when I will have to make another chicken.”
Wendy perked up. “I had an idea on our way here.”
We all turned to her. “What?” I dropped things into the cart Jora went and grabbed. “Thank you.” He smiled and
nodded.
“My mate always forgets the cart and then gets more than she expected.”
“Why don’t we get you a countertop herb garden?” Wendy pulled out her phone.
“A what?”
“Here.” She handed me her phone to a photo of a product from the store. It was a small plastic tray with small- holes down the length of it and an expanding arm that suspended a light over the tray. “Each hole is for a small cup of soil. It will grow an herb in each hole and you will have your own supply whenever you need it.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 222
Chapter 222 
“This is actually genius.” I handed back her phone. “Now we just have to find it.”
“Actually, the store made it easy.” She scrolled for a minute. “This location has it in aisle twenty.” She led the way to the aisle. “And now that we are here, we can hit this button.” And she pointed to a flashing tag halfway down the aisle.
“That’s convenience.” Toya laughed as she ran over. She grabbed a box and brought it over while reading the box. “It says it comes with everything, including the seeds and soil.”
“That’s actually amazing.” Jora walked over. “My mate would love this.” He looked down and then whistled. “ Nevermind.”
“What?” I pushed the cart closer.
“I didn’t expect it to be so expensive, is all.” I looked at the price tag and I winced. A few hundred dollars is nothing to me, but for someone working as a guard. It would probably mean a lot.
“No worries.” I grabbed another box and put it to the cart, then looked at the girls. “Did you want one?” I could see Wendy eyeing the box, so I laughed as I grabbed a third. “You guys know you can just tell me.” Wendy blushed.
“We know, you always tell us.” Wendy nodded.
“Buty she doesn’t want you to think we are friends with you just for the money.” Toya smiled as she hugged her to her side. “What I have been telling her and what is hard for her to actually understand is that you aren’t throwing your money around because you have to. But because you want to and the money is nothing to you.”
Wendy shook her head. “Money always means something.
“I made some fantastic investments months ago. Plus, my father’s money. I am more than comfortable.” I grabbed her hand. “Wendy, you are my sister, one of my closest friends and I am more than happy to help when 1 can, where I can.” I waited until she met my eyes. “I need you to understand that money means nothing to me and if you need it all, you have to do is tell me. I can’t help if I don’t know.”
She waited for a few seconds before a tear dropped from her eye. “My alpha is threatening to raise our rent, and my mom’s pay was just cut.”
Toya stepped closer. “Why was it cut?”
Jora came closer, too. “Are you Mrs. Sandlewood’s daughter?” Wendy nodded. I turned to Jora, and he raised his hands. “I overheard some she–wolves closer to Vince talking about how the secretary stepped out of line and. Vince is pissed.”
“What else did they say?”
“Just that he thought she was the person who notified the Ring about some of the information about the school. she shouldn’t have, and he was squeezing to put her in her place.”
I pulled out my phone and scrolled. I had all the Alpha’s contacts store in my phone. I pulled up Wendy’s Alpha’s number and hit call. Wendy tried to grab for my hands but I pushed her hand down and waited. The phone rang a few times before a groggy whine came through. “Hello?”
“Hi Alpha Kirk, it’s Amy Maclean.”
“Alpha Amy? Why are you calling me this late?”
“Oh, I just heard something that I needed to deal with right away. Now Kirk, do you remember ten years ago…” 1 trailed off as I waited for him to remember me diving into the lake by the Alpha summit ten years ago to save his
+25 BONUS
laughter. She was about three and she had wandered away and fell in. The adults were too busy, so I dove in, being
scrawny eight–year–old who had just learned how to swim.
he wasn’t breathing, so I did the only thing I knew how to do; I ran with her in my arms straight into the meeting oom to my father, who performed CPR, saving the pup. Unfortunately for the nanny that lost his daughter, hough, she was killed before the night was up.
“Of course I remember.” His voice sounded clearer.
“Honey, who is it?” His Luna’s words were soft.
“It’s Amy Maclean.” I heard the shuffling of blankets and then the phone clicked. We were on speaker. Then the luna’s voice came clearer. “If you need anything, we will do what we can. You saved Maddy.” I smiled,
“Actually, I do need something. A friend of mine is from your pack and she just told me her mother is having a little bit of an issue with her house. I just wanted to see if I could clear it up for her. I’ll buy it our right, of course, but I just don’t want them worrying any more.”
“Who is it?
in Sandlewood, her daughter Wendy, is my friend.” There was a thick silence.
“Do it.” His luna murmured. “No, I don’t care what Vince said. She said our daughter, for goddess‘ sake.”
Kirk cleared his voice “No need for money, Amy. You did us a service, and it’s our turn to return the favour. The house is bens. I’ll sign the title over to her in the morning
###Next D 223
Chapter 223
+25 BONUS
Chapter 223 
“Thank you Alpha. You and Luna Marie have a good night.” I would not argue with them. I also pulled up my banking app and sent Wendy a transfer. Thankfully, I didn’t need her information, just her number. I looked at her. “I need you to send this to your mother and before you say no, please understand that what Vince is doing is because of me.”
There was a ding, and a wide eyed Wendy pulled out her phone, and screamed. She nearly dropped her phone, but I was ready and snatched it from the air, “Amy, I can’t accept this.”
“Of course you can.” I handed back her phone. “Remember, he is going to push harder and harder until it’s too much for your mom to work at the school anymore. She won’t have an income to take care of herself, or you. She will need a buffer until all of this blows over. I’m giving you this buffer.”
Wendy’s eyes filled with tears. “Are you sure?”
“More than anything.” I kissed her brow and then grabbed the cart. “Now let’s go, before something else dramatic happens.”
Jora looked at his watch. “Yes, it’s getting very late,” We rushed through checkout and headed back to the school. Toya and Wendy were talking low in the back when Jora turned to me. “Thank you for the garden, Amy.”
I waved him off. “It’s no issue, Jora.”
“I know you feel that way. But I know my mate will love that silly little garden.”
I turned to face his side of the car. “Honestly, it is the least could do for your help with taking us to the store this late. I know you aren’t supposed to take us out past eight. So I appreciate it.”
He glanced my way and then nodded. “You know, you are so different from what I expected.”
“What do you mean?”
He was a little hesitant. “When I got the position here, when everyone moved in, I heard of the Alphas here are assholes. And they are. Most alpha here are complete dickheads. But you, Toya, back there, all of your friends are actually amazing. You took the time to get to know us and you never used your rank to make any of the guards here feel like we were less than.” His hands tightened on the steering wheel. “Most alphas from other packs need to assert their dominance over betas and gammas from different packs, but you never made me feel like that was the case.”
I smiled. “Can I let you in on a secret?” He nodded. “It’s because it isn’t the case. Alphas don’t actually feel the need to assert their dominance over wolves that aren’t in their pack. We do if there is a lower wolf in our packs acting up, because it interferes with our pack structure. But with wolves outside of our packs, we don’t feel the needs.” I looked back at Toya. “Have you ever felt the need?”
Toya shook her head. “My father always told me it was just an excuse for assholes to be assholes.”
The air thickened. “You have got to be fucking kidding me Jora’s voice was angry.
“What?”
“You are telling me this entire time it was just a lie for the
dudes to bully others?“!
I made eye contact with Toya and then we both nodded. “Pretty much.” I turned back in front. “It’s sad, but it is the same as the bs that they say about inen needing the sleep around when their first shift. They say that alphas especially need the extra outlet to get rid of their extra agression, but in reality, it’s just so they can fuck whatever they want without real repercussions from their mates.”
25 BONUS
Chapter 223
Jora’s face fell. “I never thought of it like that.”
“What? That males use it as an excuse?” He nodded. “Did you sleep around?”
“Well, no.” He blushed. “I wanted to wait for my mate.”
I pointed to him. “Exactly, as do 1. But most males have been using this as an excuse for millennia. And not just wolves, but human men, too. They have too much generation or testosterone to be faithful. But it’s just an excuse to abuse yet another person and have them fall into line, anyway.”
Toya and Wendy nodded. “It has become such common practise that you have to expect your mate to have been with another she–wolf.” Wendy’s words were soft.
“But.” I pointed out. “The same cannot be said about she–wolves.” Toya scoffed.
“There was a beta in my pack that slept with anything that walked. But his mate turned out to be one girl that slept with him earlier in the year, and he lost his mind.”
Wendy turned. “Had she slept with anyone else?”
Toya shook her head. “Nope, just him. But he screamed at her for being a whore and not waiting for him to realize he was her mate. He nearly rejected her, and the only reason he wouldn’t is because his wolf refused to.”
I turned back in my seat. “Men are stupid.” Even Jora nodded as he silently drove back to the building.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 224
Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Pinterest
Chapter 224
We said our goodbyes on the main floor when the elevator stopped to let Jora off. “Tell your wife to enjoy the garden.” I smiled as he stepped off.
“Oh, I know she will. Thanks again.” Jora spun back and gave a tiny wave as the door shut. Then we were on our way to the penthouse.
“Oh, I’m nervous.” Wendy almost vibrated on the spot.
“Why?
nie.
ht
I laughed as 1 juggled my garden to get my keys from my pocket. Wendy shook her head and took it from
“Give me this.” I tried to hold on to it, but she laughed. “You have your bags, the food, your garden and your bag. How are you going to grab your keys to open the door?” She chastised me like I was a fool. Toya, who was holding their garden, just smirked.
“Toya.” I laughed at her, but she just smiled bigger.
“Don’t look at me. She started to bully me a few months ago. You taught her howe to fight, but the nice bullying she learned all on her own.”
We both laughed as Wendy interrupted us. “Hey, I’m not a bully.” She grumbled, making us laugh harder. “I’m being helpful.”
“That’s it.” I pointed to Wendy. I finally got my keys out of my bag. “We need to get you a shirt that says I’m not being a bully, I’m being aggressively helpful.” Toya laughed harder as Wendy turned bright red. “Come on. We are just joking.” I stepped out of the elevator and opened my apartment door. The two women filed in and put the gardens on the ground.”
“Magic time?” Toya clapped her hands, but I shook my head.
“Let’s eat first. The food will probably grow cold before we got too far into the spell.”
I walked to the kitchen and dropped the bags. We each grabbed our food and went into the living room to eat. What are we doing?” Wendy took a big bite of her burger.
“Yeah, what’s the plan?”
EL
I hesitated. “I need to find out what is killing my wolves.” bite into my sandwich and Toya nodded. But Wendy started to choke. Toya leaned over and patted her back.
“Come on.” She hit harder as Wendy kept choking, turning red. A hunk of meat flew out of her mouth as she gasped for a clear breath. “There you go.”
Wendy lifted her tear–streaked face up to meet my worried gaze. “Are you okay?” I handed her a few napkins.
She grabbed them to wipe her face. “Wolves?” She wiped her hands and sat back to stare at me. “Explain.”
I looked over at Toya, who lifted her hands. “She is my best friend, just like you, but I wasn’t going to share you secrets. That is your place, not mine.” I smiled, and she nodded.
Wolves?” Wendy repeated the question, and I wanted to wince.
“I’m going to do this quick, okay?” She nodded. “My dad’s ine is descended from a powerful witch line and the first werewolf. My mother’s line is descended from the firs Lycan’s line and the Goddess herself.” Wendy’s eyes
widened and Toya choked on her drink.
“The goddess? You didn’t tell me that.” Toya used a napki to mop up her drink she spat out.
Chapter 224
+25 BONUS
“I just found out earlier.” I ate a fry. “She fell in love with one Lycan that came from her first creation.” I lifted my shoulder. 
“Holy shit.” Wendy stood and started to pace. “So you have a Lycan and a wolf.” I just nodded.
“Exactly.”
“You will have two mates.” She whirled to me. “Won’t that be an issue?”
Toya snorted, but I cut a look at her. “No. My wolf’s mate is a tool bag, and we will be rejecting him as soon as we
can.” 
“You know who your mate is?”
I closed my eyes and nodded. “Megan, my wolf, her mate is Bradon.”
Wendy shrieked, “You have to be fucking kidding me!”
“I wish I was.” I finished my burger. “My witch lineage has an ability. One that gave me a second chance at life.” She dropped to her seat, dumbfounded. “I really won’t get Into it. Just know that I know Brandon is a horrible person, no matter how he likes to pretend. Or how he ‘changes‘, he will never redeem himself to me.”
She nodded. “Good, I’ve had a lot of interactions over the years with Brandon and Vince.” She rubbed the lines on her forehead. “They are horrible people.”
I nodded. “I know. But we have a lot to do tonight, and we still have the second day of applications tomorrow.” I looked at the time and wanted to cry. “I don’t know how long this is even going to take. So let’s finish eating, and then get set up.”
“What do you need us to do?” Toya grabbed her trash and walked into the kitchen.
“I need you to keep me grounded in the here and now. I have to go for a spirit walk and I don’t know how to get back…yet.”
2/2
###Next D 225
Chapter 225
+25 BONUS
do you mean you don’t know how to get back yet?” Toya dropped the metal bowl she came back into the room with. She caught it before it smashed into my glass coffee table, but it was close.
“Holy goddess.” She put the bowl down softly on the table, then turned to me. “Speak.” She looked pissed.
I raised my hands in surrender. “The book…it tells me how to do certain things. But coming back to my body isn’t in there. It just said I needed an anchor.” I pointed to the two of them. “I have two.”
Wendy shook her head. “We are next to useless if you don’t know what you’re doing.”
I shrugged. “I have no other choice. I either break through the threat, or I die.” The room fell into a weighted silence.
Toya sat down next to Wendy with a sigh. “Tell us what we have to do.”
I nodded and went to get my book. I came back into the room and the two women were still sitting side by side, looking a little lost. “Okay, so here it is, a spirit walk. Follow the thread of connection and seek what you wish to find.” I read from the book. “We need to push the table back from the couch. I need to be sitting up against something.” Wendy and Toya stood, pushing the table against the other side of the room, leaving me a big space to work. I grabbed the bowl and put it on the floor in front of where I would be sitting.
“Okay, what’s next?” The two came up next to me.
“I need three candles, one white to bring positive energy and healing, a black to expel negative energy and to banish the spell against me, and purple to increase my spirituality and intuition to separate from my body.”
I walked to my room and pulled out a box I had put together to have on hand so I could practise. I brought it out of the bedroom and Wendy and Toya dug into it, pulling out what I needed.
“What else?” Wendy dug through the box.
I looked at the book again on the list. “Angelica, belladonna, blessed thistle, feverfew for the box. And from the shopping bags we need basil, bay leaf. Thyme and the sea salt.” Toya went to the bags on the counter and with in seconds I had everything I needed.
“Anything else?”
“Actually, in my kitchen drawer I have a barbeque lighter, and I need a bottle of distilled water from above the fridge.” I sat down and organized things in the order I needed to add them, and remember, I needed something to burn. “Oh, Toya, can you run to my printer and grab some white paper? I need something that will burn.” She nodded and ran out of the room while I finished.
Wendy came back with the lighter and water. “Why water? Seems counter intuitive.”
I laughed. “It is, but to seal the spell once I get back. I need untainted water,” She nodded as Toya came back with the paper.
“Walk us through what ever your doing. So we know what to expect.”
I pulled the book into my lap. “I start off by lighting the candles and the paper in the bowl. I add in the sea salt first for earth, purification and grounding. Then I add in angelica for air, and to aid in my vision. Basil comes next, for fire and astral projection. Next is belladonna, for water and an extra boost in energy for my spell and protection “The girls leaned in and we quickly went through the rest. “Blessed thistle for hex breaking, thyme for good luck, bay leaf for psychic powers, feverfew for protection and to boost my spirit.” They nodded. “I have to focus on the fire and let it burn down but never out, so while I’m going you will need to feed the flames pieces of paper to keep the herbs going”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 225
“Okay.” Wendy gave a thumbs up and I wanted to laugh.
“I’ll say the spell, and my sprit will be free to move where need it to.”
“And where do you need it to go?”
“I don’t really know. But the goddess told me to follow the power back to the caster and break the spell, or else my wolves weren’t going to make it much longer.”
“So this is just to find who is doing it?” Wendy grabbed the book and flipped through it. “How are you going to break it?”
“I don’t know it. But if I can, I will give you a sign to add more thistle.”
“How is that going to help?”
“It helps break a hex and if I’m lucky, it will help.”
“And if it does, how will you come back?”
“I don’t know..” I looked at the two of them. “But that’s why I needed you guys.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 226
Chapter 226
+25 BONUS
“What are we supposed to do?”
“I don’t know.” I lifted my shoulder. “But if I can find you in this life, then I’m sure I can find you in the spirit world.” I gave them a sad smile. “I have only had my friend Cass in my life, and she is my soul sister. I knew as soon as we met, we were meant to. I need you guys to know that you two…I felt the same way about. As soon as you sat next to me in the cafeteria, I knew I met you. To be friends with you. We were connected as soon as you down and decided to be my friend. Connected in a way that is soul deep.” The two nodded.
“Our wolves work together.” Toya closed her eyes and when she opened them, her wolf was there. “You are my luna.” I reeled back at that confession.
“I can’t be. You are a luna in your own right.”
“And yet, if you asked, I would follow you into the wilds and never return.” Her wolf faded from her eyes and I could see the recognition in her eyes. “I agree with her.”
“As do L” I looked to Wendy to find Wyn staring back at me. “You are my luna, my alpha, my friend,” Wyn faded away, leaving both of my friends staring at me and me floundering at what to say. “We know where we stand, Amy.”
“And I think we know what to do.” Toya sat on, y left, and Wendy on my right. “You can start now. We will bright you back.” 2
I settled and pulled the metal bowl closer. “Okay.”
“Wait!” Wendy jumped up and ran to the kitchen, leaving the two of us confused. She came back with a plate, leaving me even more confused. “For the candles to sit on.” She offered it as she settled back down next to me.
“Okay…” I put the plate behind the bowl. Wendy took an extra candle from the box and lit it. She dropped a few drops of melted wax onto the plate and used it to secure the white, black, and purple candles in place.
“Now they won’t move, and won’t drip wax onto the floor. She waved her hand and I wanted to smack myself.
“You think of everything, Wendy.” Toya smiled wide at her and I could see a faint blush rise to her cheeks. Interesting. 2
But I turned my mind back to the matter on hand. “Okay. Let’s start.” I lit the candles and used their flames to char some herbs. I ripped a few pieces of paper up and threw it into the bowl with the charred and burning herbs, lighting the pages. “Everything is in.”
“Are you
ready?” I took a few cleansing breaths, taking in the smells of the herbs, and I thought of something. Can you quickly grab me a small glass of water?”
Toya nodded and jumped up. She came back with the glass and I dumped some sea salt into it, and added about half the bottle of the distilled water. “What are you doing?
I drank the salty water and shivered as my body tried to reject it. “Sea salt helps to purify, so I figured why not drink a glass to help purify my body from everything.” I shrugged. “It can’t hurt.” I added a few springs of herbs. Into the bowl and closed my eyes. “Ifta nota wal spiritian flo sta bint tor fa shen.” I dropped the last thing into the bowl, a few leaves of basil, and opened my eyes. “Agin torn thista dor.” I repeated the words three times and waited. And waited.
I looked around and realized nothing was happening. Something must have gone wrong. I shook my head and turned to Toya to find her staring at me. “It’s not working. I stood up in a huff. I stepped over the altar and turned, hands on my hips. “I don’t know what I did wrong.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 226
But Toya and Wendy were still staring at me. My body was exactly where I left it. My hands were open on my knees and my eyes were closed. But I was in front of the bowl on the ground.
I did it. I had separated from my body, and now I was waling around as just my spirit.
“Focus on the task at hand, girlie.” I turned to find my grandmother sitting in my chair.
a.” I rushed over and she smiled. She stood and cupped my cheeks and for the first
time, I could feel her.
feel you.” I launched myself into her arms, feeling her soul pressed against my own.
“Focus, or else you will lose you tie to the living.” She gave me a quick hug and pressed her lips to my forehead. ” Don’t let the spirit world call you too far from the path.” She turned me back to my body. “Follow the power.”
“I stared at myself and realized there was a thin black chain that shot into my chest. “Save you wolves, or die.”
###Next D 227
Chapter 227
I turned away from my grandmother and stepped back to my body. I looked at her over my shoulder. “What should I do?”
She smiled. “Wrap your hand around the chain. It’s can’t hurt you any more than it already has. And follow it to the end. Find out who is hurting you, find out their intention, and save your wolves.” She looked towards my body, “You don’t have long. They are already so very weak.”
“I’m afraid.” I whispered, and her smile was
d but firm.
“I know. And that’s perfectly fine, but don’t let fear stop you from doing something necessary. Don’t let your fear hold you back from who you were meant to be.”
Her words repeated in my mind as I stepped up to my body on the ground. “Okay.” I grabbed my hand around the chain and started to walking. The chain in my hand thrummed. I could feel the intent in its black links.
Who ever cast this hex was intent on one thing. Killing my wolf. They would have succeeded if I had only one. But I had two, and thankfully they supported each other until I realized something was wrong.
It took me entirely too long to realize the truth, though. I needed to be more in tune with myself in the future. I couldn’t neglect my power, or my wolves like I had.
I shook my head when I realized I was too focused on everything else. School, training, my friends and Rowan. Everything else that should have taken a back seat to my wolves, the very beings created to share my soul with, had slipped between my fingers while I focused on the things around me.
But maybe that was a piece of the spell as well. I felt a jolt go through the chain as I realized I was right. This spell attacked my wolf, but also made the mind shift away when thinking about the wolf, so that it wouldn’t be caught, before it was too late.
Whoever is attacking me is smart. It feels like the cleaving, but different. Maybe they changed it or added onto the spell. Either way, I’ll follow it back until I find out who it is!
I walked through the world all the while staying apart from it. The streets blurred as I hurried past. Something in my chest was burning and as I grew closer to the other end of the chain, then more the pain in my chest increased.
The chain veered off, and I followed. Through the trees that grew familiar, into a clearing I had seen before. A clearing that sent chills down my spine. No one should be here. This ground was sacred.
The chain yanked me past the grounds where I found my power, the place I met my grandmother and out the other side. I was near my father’s pack grounds, and the thought made my insides clench.
The chain, which I had been following, had taken control. I was sucked past the pack grounds and further down. the hill. I tried to release the chain but y hand was stuck to, as if the chain was taking me the rest of the way, because it knew I would turn away. 1
I felt the ground shift, the light darken, and the air thicken paled as I realized where we were headed. I remember my father telling me as a child to stay away from the dead caves. But the chain yanked me towards them. I fell the ground crumble beneath my feet, and rocks shift as I stumbled to keep up with the pull of the chain. The dead were the only ones supposed to be here. A place that my father said was haunted by our ancestors. A place where we used to lay our dead before it was corrupted by something dark, something unknown.
A call went out, deep from within a cave, and my blood fro. This wasn’t a normal call. This was from some beast deep inside the walls. I felt the ground tremble with it. This place was my death.
But the chain yanked rue inside, and the darkness closed around me.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 227
My panic peaked, and I yanked my hand back from the links in my hands but it wouldn’t release me. I nearly cried out when my grandmother’s word came back to me. ‘Don’t let fear hold you back.‘ Like she knew I would panic, she knew I would fear this place, and she was trying to tell me to stay calm and keep my head.
So I took a deep breath and allowed the chain to pull me deeper and deeper into the caves. I was warned to stay away. The caves that have been haunted for thousands of years.
I stayed tight to the chain, pulling me deeper until a light sprang up in the distance. The closer I went, the brighter it became until I found myself right outside the ring of light. “What the fuck?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 228
Chapter 228
I was frozen in my spot outside of the light. My words seemed to bounce back to me, almost as if to mock me.” What the fuck is going on here?” I couldn’t stop the words from leaving my mouth again. But I was invisible to those in front of me, so it didn’t matter.
Another call went out, but being so close this time, now I understood. It was a normal howl. A call from a shifted. wolf, that the walls bounced back, echoes layering onto it, making it sound like some deranged beast.
But it was just wolves, a lot of wolves, in the circle of light. And now everything I knew about the dead caves, ΟΙ thought I knew about the dead caves, seemed to be just the horror stories of a child.
There were no dead here, no specters of the wronged flying around these caves. Just a pack of wolves, desecrating the land of the dead.
Tombs were smashed open, robbed of anything good, the bones of the deceased thrown about. I walked closer to the light, and I saw one man drinking from a skull.
I froze as someone caught my eye. Someone I never thought I would see again. 
I followed behind them, weaving through the people as if I was truly there and I didn’t want to touch anyone. But someone stumbled into me and they passed right through the. I watched as their skin pebbled and they paled, as if they felt something, but it was just a passing change. My soul touched theirs and they didn’t like it.
I continued behind the person and it wasn’t until they turned around that I realized that the chain I was holding tight to ended around their neck. They sat down on a sofa that was bright and fluffy, something that didn’t look like it belonged down here. And then she called out. “Garrer.”
A man walked from inside a tent nearby. “Yes, my love?”
She smiled as she laid back against the side of the sofa. “Bring me a blanket…I want to nap.” She pulled a necklace from her neck, a black chain that matched the one I had my hand wrapped around. It had a black stone hanging from a link in the center.
“The spell? Is it still draining you?” He slipped inside the tent and came back with a blanket and a pillow.
Amara nodded. “She is still fighting. And it’s getting on my last nerve.” She groaned as he slid the pillow behind her head and tucked her in. “Why won’t she just die?”
“She’s an alpha. Killing her wolf will take longer.” The man, Garren, offered, But Amara pouted.
“She isn’t that strong. She should be dead by now.” She pulled the necklace out again to stare at. I felt the chain throb and the burning in my chest became excruciating. I felt the chain links sear into the flesh of my hand, but I refused to let go. I wasn’t sure what would happen if I let go now.
I pulled my magic to me. I needed to fight against whatever this was. But I needed to be smart about it. I thought through the entire Book of Shadows, and I kept coming back to the cleaving, but it wasn’t a perfect match.
“You can add to a spell.” I turned to face my grandmother, who seemed more substantial here.
“You knew?” She nodded. “Why didn’t you tell us?”
“Because there are rules. The goddess allows us to guide, not interfere.”
“They were attacking us, killing us.” I pointed to the huge rogue encampment.
“And 1 wept every attack, but I cannot go against the rules or else I won’t be allowed to come and help when you needed me to.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 228
The truth hit me in the chest. “You held you tongue because of me?” She nodded again. 1
“I knew you would need me to fulfil your path. And no matter how much I wanted to tell your father about the filth in our caves, I could not.” She walked over to me. “You needed me more.”
I felt her kiss my brow. “Grandma…I don’t know what to do!”
“Start with the cleaving. And think about what you have done so far. The problems you have overcome already.” Then she was gone.
I turned back to the sleeping Amara and all the problems her family has caused. Her sister and grandmother were dead, a fact I knew, after I ripped the necklaces from their necks, breaking the spells held there.
I want to say the realization was instant, but it took far too long for my brain to catch up to what my memories held. The key to breaking the hex Amara laid on me was in the memory of her grandmother, and the way the power shattered the moment her necklaces did.
###Next D 229
Chapter 229
+25 BONUS
Chapter 229
“If I wanted to shatter the spell, I needed to shatter the necklace. But how do you shatter a talisman from so far away?”
“Who says you’re too far away? You are right here…” My grandmother walked over. “You might not be able to touch anything, but you still have your power. It’s connected to your very soul.” Her hand came to rest on my shoulder. My power is connected to my soul. I turned away and headed away from the light. I needed to be alone to see if this would work.
As I walked, I mentally scrolled to the page in the book I needed. A shatter spell. It was pretty simple. But it had rules attached. It could cause no physical harm. If it did, it would rebound three times stronger back to the caster. So practice was necessary.
I picked a big rock, and with a flick of my hand and a quick mumbling of the spell, it violently shattered, sending shards everywhere. Well, that would kill Amara. I turned to the next, but someone had come running, and I froze.
“What the hell was that?” The rogue looked off into the distant dark, trying to see if anyone was around. But when “What the hell was that?” T nithing moved or breathed, he turned back around to the light. “These fucking caves are creepy. I need to get out of here.” His mumbled words carried back to me, hiding in the shadows as if he could see me. I stepped out of my hiding place when he turned the corner and readjusted my shoulders.
This would take longer than I expected.
I tried over and over, doing my best to adjust the power level each time. Once I mastered one rock size, I got smaller and smaller until I could shatter the smallest rock in two without exploding the shards, Once I was confident, I turned to head back to Amara, but I stumbled to a stop when something in the shadows moved.
“Grandma?” I called out, thinking it was just her coming to check in on me, but the way the shadow moved, I knew it wasn’t. “Who are you?” I started towards the light and the shadow shifted.
There was a whisper, a grating along the back of the next that had my feet moving quicker. “So cold.” The words were a soft, lilting song that called from the darkness and turned away. I ran as fast as I could away from the shuffling form in the darkness.
I had this sinking feeling that if I was caught, I would be stuck here, in this cave forever.
I ran back to the light, following the dark chain back to the sleeping Amara, and the figure standing over her. ” Grandma?” I sounded a little panicked, so I steadied myself as I stepped closer.
“Did you see her?”
“See who?” I walked next to her and my grandmother turned to me with a knowing look in her eyes.
“The lost soul calling out from the darkness. She walks here.” Her voice held a well of knowledge I was too afraid
to face. 
I gave a tiny nod. “Who is she?”
“One of our lost.” She turned to face the darkness, and I swear I could faintly hear the soft whisper from the black “She spirit walked without anchors. And when she went to return to her body, she couldn’t find it.” My grandmother turned back to me. “If you let her find your shell, she will take it. Leaving you down here alone for the next foolish girl to leave her shell open and alone.” She turned back to Amara. “Do you know what to do?”
I nodded. “I think so.”
“Well, do it, and return to your body before someone finds vulnerable.” She ldssed me and then was gone.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 224
I shivered at the thought of that soul entering my body, but couldn’t focus on that right now. I got closer to Amara and thought of the spell I needed to stop the cleaving I thought of my wolves and the power sucking them dry and I felt my power swell. I would not allow this to go on any longer. “Alta nim for cle de nagh.” I repeated the counterspell for the cleaving as I moved closer. I watched the stone around her neck flicker as I tried to break the
hex.
I leaned down and as I repeated the counter spell; I focused on the stone and sent a tendril of my power down into the inky jewel. I shattered the rock, repeating the cleaving counter spell, and Amara sat up with a scream.
“No.” She grabbed for the chain around her neck, but with the stone gone, the links of the chain broke apart. How is this possible?”
Garren came running. “What?”
“She broke the spell.” The metal was crumbling in her hands as she screamed her frustration. “Stupid fucking bitch. I’m going to kill her.”
I smirked as I turned away from the screaming woman. “Not today.” I started out of the cave, trying to remember my way out, when I heard the scrap of a foot on stone.
“So cold.” The words were whispered right over,my shoulder and this time, I screamed.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 230
Chapter 230 
I felt something move over my shoulder and I dove. “Come back, I’m so cold.” The woman’s whisper sent chills down my spine. I rolled and sprang back up, facing the woman, or the creature the woman had turned into. Her hair was stringy and matted, clumping together in long tendrils that were a mix of dreadlock and braid. Chunks were missing, leaving pale skin it the gaps. Her eyes were sunken down into dark pools of need. She knew nothing else, only need. Lips had pulled back, leaving her teeth exposed, giving her a perpetual manic grin. A dark dress body, once beautifully draped and stunningly jeweled, that now hung off her emaciated body. It was like her entire soul had whittled down to nothing while her dress stayed pristine.
The thought was terrifying, knowing that she was looking to take over my body, my life. “Stay away.” I turned and ran as she started after me, moving surprisingly quick. She scrambled over rocks and dips as I ran, but somehow she was quicker than me, moving like some kind of spider, coming closer and closer to me. If she touched me, I shook as I dove away again. I felt the whisper of her fingers on my shirt. “Wendy! Toya!” I called, hoping they would realize I needed them.
I stumbled back again as she dove for me. I hit a wall and screamed as she started to laugh. “So warm. You’re so warm.” She stumbled over a boulder, trying to move to quick to wrap me into her arms and I dove to the side, slicing my leg on a sharp shard of rock or glass. When my blood hit the air, it was like a shock when through the ghoul in front of me. Her tongue darted out, and her dark eyes rolled in the sockets. I screamed as I pushed up to my feet, running once more, but it was like my blood was somehow feeding her. Her skin started to fill in, and she became more animated. “Taste so good.” Her words, once sluggish and slurred, became clearer.
Every drop of my blood she passed was pulled into her. Every drop strengthened her. “Get away from me.”
“Oh….sweet girl…I just want your warmth.” She moved quicker, and finally, like a beacon, I saw the light to the outside. I ran full speed, using as much of my wolf’s strength as I could. Yet she kept up.
She moved like water now, flowing over the rocks, like she was made for this rocky terrain. And as I had the thought, it occurred to me she had lived in these caves for years. How many? No one really knew, but she knew. this ground better than she probably knew her own face.
I stumbled again and screamed as I felt her nails scrap against my neck. I thought I was free, breeching the cave entry way, but then my hair was yanked back and I nearly fell. z
“No, you’re mine. So warm. It’s my turn to be free. To be alive.” She wrapped my hair tighter in her fist and dragged me back into the cave.
I panicked. My head felt like it was bleeding, but still she pulled. I could feel my feet losing purchase and I slipped back an inch. “Let me go.”
“No.” She grinned now. Her skin had plumped up enough that her lips now covered her teeth. She was actually quite beautiful. Her dark black eyes were now a golden brown, and her hair was shiny, tangled mess of black curls. “I’ve served my penance. It’s now your turn.

“I didn’t break any rules.” I pulled away and my hands shifted. I felt my claws drop, and I wanted to dance, because it was the first time it had happened without fighting for the shift for months.
“You are here without your shell. Broke the rules. The shells first.” I screamed again, swinging my claws, severing my hair, and releasing me from her clutches. She foundered without the tension from my hair and she fell back, still clutching the handful of my dark curls. “No!”
I didn’t waste time, I didn’t even look back as soon as I was free. I ran. I ran without reason, just away from the cave. Once I crested the hill, I started to recognize the land, he start of my father’s pack lands. Just as I passed the pack house, I froze at the savage howl behind me.
My body wanted to freeze, but I new if I did, I would be screwed. So I kept running. The further I ran into the
Chapter 230
230
+25 BONUS
forest, the more confused I felt. I didn’t know the way to go. So I did the only thing I could of. “Toya! Wendy! I need you.” I called out again, and this time I felt a pull to my right.
I pivoted, and I ran for my life.
###Next D 231
Chapter 231
I ran until I felt another tug. Every time I worried I was heading in the wrong direction, or I would hear a howl behind me,
I would get another tug and I would head straight towards it. Soon, the world melted away, as it did on the way towards Amara. The edges of my vision wavered. But through the entire time, the lost woman, the lost soul followed, desperate to find my body first.
I was terrified. What if she got to my body first?
What if I was left to wander this plane, to wither and moan while she walks around in my body like it is a suit to wear, a part to play? I shivered as I thought about what she looked like before she absorbed my life, my vitality. How could anyone live like that?
But then the thought hit me: it wasn’t living. It was almost the exact opposite. Stuck waiting until you find an empty shell to take over like some kind of living hermit crab. But instead of just finding a new home, you become a new person. A new face, body, entire life. And do you get new wolves? These thought circled my brain as I ran.
Would Nix and Megan have a new person, a new soul to bond with while I was cast away? Or are they also cast out and her wolf takes over? If she takes over my body, am I losing just my life, or all three of our lives?
Panic tried to claw at my throat and I stumbled as I fell. Hermanic laughter was closer than I thought as I scrambled back to my feet. I felt her nails scrap down my arm, cutting into my skin as I took off.
“So close. Run, little wolf. If I catch you, you’re dead.” Her threat was real. I felt it in my very center. I weaved through the land, passing streets, and unfamiliar buildings. I didn’t notice on the way there, but heading back, it felt like I was moving slower, and I was able to catch things as I moved past.
A couple kissing on a park bench. An old man shivering in the cold air while he walked Itis dog. Human living their everyday lives, as I ran past, a spectator to their lives, desperately trying to save my own. I thought that the wanderer behind me might get distracted as we passed some many living things, people living their lives. But she was zeroed in on my retreating back.
She was focused on me, the only chance of life she has, and nothing was going to distract her.
“Come girl, give in. Look at these souls living their sad lives. It’s tiresome, Isn’t it? I can see that your tired. Your sad. So just give in. Give it to me.” Her calls were like a siren song. She wasn’t wrong. I was tired. With everything going on in my life, I was tired. As I thought about stopping, I felt my feet falter again. But then I heard them.
Wendy and Toya,
“Come on Amy. Come back.” Wendy begged as I felt her hand on my own.
“You have to make it back. You can’t give up. Think of your mom, your dad. Us.” Toya grabbed my other hand and I felt her tight fingers intertwine with my own. 
1 looked down at my empty hands and somehow I knew they had slipped their hands into mine in the apartment. And somehow, their thoughts, their need, their souls reached mine when I needed them the most.
I ran faster, pushing myself to the limit to reach them. To reclaim my body, my life, my destiny. The lost soul beliind ine screamed.
“No!” she howled again, and I could feel her need nipping my heels. “Your life is mine.” I felt her claws drag down my back and I screamed, but I kept moving-
“Your wrong” I called back, turning at the next pulse in my chest. a
1 Law Tu
my apartment in the distance and I nearly wept. I headed for the door but instead of taking the elevator; 1 jumped. I slanted my claws into the outside of the building, doing my best to scale it. The woman’s panicked 
Chapter 201
+25 BONUS
pants behind me. “Please.” She begged me. “It’s my
time. 
“You lost your shell.” I screamed. “You can’t have mine.”
“No.” She screamed after me as I lept over the railing to my place. I pushed through the walls, finding Toya and Wendy holding onto my hands. Their worried gaze on my pale face. “Your shell.” She screamed as she pushed through the wall. I dove. It was the only thing I could do. I heard her scream and felt her hair on my arms as she lept past me.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 232
Chapter 232
“Do you think she is going to be back soon?” Wendy’s voice was soft as she squeezed my hand.
Toya started down at my body and raised her shoulder. “I don’t know.”
“It’s been so long.” It felt like days had passed since I left my body and started down the black chain leading to
Amara.
Toya smiled. “It’s barely been an hour.”
The truth hit my stomach. An hour. How was that possible? So much had happened in the short time. I stared at the lost soul, listen to her manic laughter as she faded. And ny stomach dropped again.
I cracked open my eyes to find the two women still clutching my hands. “Amy!” Wendy screamed and dove into my arms. “You’re back.”
I smiled and nodded. But Toya, Toya seemed a little reserved. “I read the book while you were gone.” I turned to her and cleared my throat. It felt dry and painful.
“And?”
“Tell me something only Amy would know?” Her words were measured and her eyes stared into my soul.
“Our fathers are still alive.”
Toya seemed to glare at me, as if trying to think if it was enough. “More.” I guess she deemed it too little.
“I am descended from the goddess. From her power, her blood, her body. I’m half wolf, half Lycan. I also have witch’s blood, which gives me power-
“Okay.” Toya waved me off and then pulled me into her arms, but froze when I hissed. Pain radiated up my spine, from my head, and my arm and I realized that the lost soul, the woman, had somehow hurt my shell, my body. Everything she did to my soul transferred to my body. “What’s wrong?” I watched as she pulled away from me and realized I was dripping blood. “Fuck. Wendy, go get the first aid kit.”
“What why?” Wendy stood and ran out of the room, coming back with the kit.
“She’s bleeding.” Toya pulled my long sleeve off my body and looked at my arm. “What the hell happened and why aren’t you healing?”
I leaned over my knees, but Toya grabbed a pillow from the rouch. “No, I’ll bleed on it.” She smacked my hand
away.
“I’ll buy you a fucking new one. Lay down on your stomach I stared at her for a moment before I listened. I slid my legs under me and laid down on to the pillow, pointing my face towards Toya
“Happy?”
“Very.” Toya smirked, but Wendy grew pale.
“What happened, Amy?” She knelt near my head, and Toya began pulling things out of my kit. “You were fine before you left.”
Before I opened my mouth, Toya poured liquid onto my back and it felt like fire. I gritted my teeth. “Tell us what happened after your soul left here. It will distract you from the pain”
I gave a tiny nod. “When I pulled away, I thought I failed until I turned and saw you two over my body. There was this black chain that was coming out of my chest, so I followed it.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 232
“Followed it where?” Wendy petted my hair, running her hands through it, and then she froze. “Oh, Amy.”
I could feel her sadness. “It’s okay.” I closed my eyes to focus on the story and not on the burning in my back. “I followed the chain all the way to my father’s pack lands.”
“Holy shit.” Toya’s hands wiped my back and I hissed.
“The world seemed to blur. I was moving so fast. Until I came to the caves.” I felt my back cramp and the pain that I was doing my best to ignore kicked up as the muscles danced.
“Caves.” Toya redirected me as I hissed.
“The caves by my father’s house that were used for the dead. We thought they were haunted. My father told me to stay away from them. But the chain trailed in, so I followed it.”
“Was it haunted?” Wendy almost whispered as she picked through my hair.
“No. It was the rogues.” Both their hands froze on my skin
“What did you say?”
“Rogues, they made a camp in the caves. I don’t know if that is all of them, but the encampment was big.” 1 winced as she taped up my back. “I found Amara. The wolf who tried to take over my father’s pack, she was the one that hexed me. I was able to break the spell, but then she found me.”
“Amara? How?” Toya moved to my arm and started over, pouring pure fire onto my arm.
“No.” I gritted my teeth so hard I could hear them grind. “I dont know who she was. I just know what she was. She was like me, gifted with power, probably an ancestor of mine. But she spirit walked without anchors, and she lost her shell, her body.”
“What? That’s possible?” Wendy gripped the pillow under my head.
“Yeah, and she was left to wither in the dark, until she saw me, and decided to take my body instead.”
###Next D 233
Chapter 233
“Holy goddess.” Wendy’s fingers twitched in my hair.
But Toya just nodded. “As I read more about spirit walking I learned about the Mara.” Toya wiped my arm and caused me to hiss again.
“The Mara?”
“It means bitter soul. It’s like what you explained. A lost soul, whether they lost themselves while they were still alive, or after they died, and they wander, looking for a life to take over. If you had read more about it all, you would have been prepared.”
“Hey now.” I pulled back, but she pushed me back down.
“Lay down. I want to check your head.” Toya pushed again and Wendy helped her part my hair. “Amy.” She hissed as she saw the damage.
I laid back down, but huffed out my breath. “I read that book, inside and out.”
“There were a few pages stuck together. I don’t know why. Toya tapped a page. “Wendy helped me figure it out.”
“I had to use a tiny bit of water around the edges to release the pages from each other. Then I used a blow dryer to dry them again.”
“Seriously?” I hissed as Toya’s fingers brushed against a chuck of my scalp. It burned.
“There were a few pages of explanation, and a few other spells that I don’t understand.” Toya got up and started to walk away. “Stay down.”
I chuckled softly. “She is demanding.”
“She was worried.” Wendy’s voice was soft. “Really worried because you screamed for us, you screamed our names and I think this was the first time she couldn’t do anything about it.”
She came back with a brush, a comb, a spray bottle and some scissors. “What’s that for?”
“Babe, your hair has been yanked out and cut in spots. I’m going to do my best to fix it in a way that no one will notice the bald spots.” Toya pulled me up and made me lean forward so she could sit behind me on the sofa. She brushed the tangles out of my hair. “You scared me.”
“You scared us,” Wendy corrected.
I nodded as Toya worked, but her hands froze when a phone rang. Wendy and Toya looked at their phones but I recognized the ring. “Wendy, can you go grab my lock box? It’s my spare phone.” She nodded and ran to my room.
“Who could be calling you?” Toya continued.
“I don’t know, but not many have the number.‘
The ringing had stopped by the time I got the lock box open I grabbed it out just as it rang again. I answered, putting it automatically n speaker. “Hello?”
“Any?” The soft voice had my inside clench.
“Lynn?” I hesitated. “What’s wrong? Why are you calling me? How are you calling me?” A little panic set in.”
Your call ”
“Is secure.” She finished, but her voice was still soft. “You father gave me a phone to connect with you if needed.” I breathed a sigh of relief until my brain caught up to her words
+25 BONUS
Chapter 23RD
“What’s wrong?”
“You dad, before he died…” Her words trailed off, and the punch hit my gut. She didn’t know.
“Lynn-”
“No, let me finish. I don’t have time.” Her words came out in a rush. “I had to run out here, away from Morgan. Since the king made you and Shannon stay at school, Morgan has been being weird.”
“What do you mean? Is my mom okay?”
“I have your mom protected. I won’t allow anyone to get their claws into my Luna. But one time Morgan tried to drug her with kudzu.”
“What’s that?”
“A herb that induces a female’s heat. If it wasn’t for the fact that we caught him before she drank it, she would have been stuck.”
“Goddess.” Wendy whispered, but Toya kept snipping at my hair.
“Are you and my mom okay?” I worried at my lip. “You can both come here. I have a place you can stay.” I didn’t even know why I hadn’t offered up my apartment.
“Your mother wants to stay. Vince and Morgan are doing something. We just aren’t sure yet.”
“Okay.” I pansed. “But why did you call me?” 
“Because I saw Brandon in the pack house.”
“Why were you in the pack house?”
She drew in a breath. “Because I found my mate.”
I felt my chest warm. “That’s amazing Lynn.”
She hesitated. “I rejected him.”
“What why?”
“Because 1 found him hilt deep inside of your sister.” Her words were flat, but I could hear the pain that it hid.
“Who?” I had the sinking feeling. There was one wolf Shannon was fucking in my previous life that never found his mate, either. Please don’t be him, I prayed to the goddess for this little tiny shred of hope. But in the next sentence, Lynn shattered it.
“My mate was the beta to Brandon. My mate was Derek ”
###Next D 234
Chapter 234
1 closed my eyes in disbelief. “Is that bad?” Toya leaned over and whispered. I just nodded.
“This isn’t the end. The goddess has a plan.” I told her and I hoped it helped a little with the pain of everything she was dealing with. “She wouldn’t do this to you unless there was a reason.”
“I know. And I think this is the reason.” She whispered, her voice growing lower.
“Why?”
“Because everyday Vince commands me to come to the pack house. To sit next to him and Derek.”
“What the fuck?” Wendy’s eye grew wide. “That’s torture.
is
Lynn sniffled and, for the first time, I could hear how much this was killing her. “It is. But only because he refuses to accept my rejection. Even though my wolf has accepted her fate and is trying her best to recoup, he won’t let the link die. He calls to us, every night. And makes us come stand next to him every day. The bond on my side i shattered, but my wolf is still in pain.” Lynn took a deep breath. “Anyway, I didn’t call you to complain.”
“It’s okay if you did.” I offered.
“Thank you Amy. I really appreciate it.” I could hear her kick something. “And I might start taking that offer. But back to Vince and Brandon.”
“How was he there?” I leaned closer to the phone. “The king ordered all students to stay on campus.”
‘Did he actually command you?” Her voice held a question
I looked at Wendy and Toya and both shook their heads. “No.”
“Unless the king actually commanded each of you personally, then it wouldn’t stick. Even if he did a mass command, a little known fact is that even mass commands wear off eventually, depending on how many wolves are there. Obviously the king has more power, so it would last longer, but a couple thousand people, over a couple of months, it would wear off for sure.”
“But why would he risk going home?”
“The kudzu. He came to grab the kudzu. Which is why I am out in the middle of the forest at two in the morning, warning you.”
I sat frozen. “He got it for me?” Both Wnedy and Toya growled.
“I overheard a small snippet. He thinks that if he can get yo would mate him to keep your reputation.”
I laughed. “Like he cares about my reputation”
to go into heat, he can get you pregnant and then you
“He doesn’t, but he knows you do.” She huffed out a breath “Brandon came and grabbed the kudza. But it was Vince that sent warning bells off in my head.”
“What do you mean?”
“When Brandon was here, Vince pulled him aside. I overheard a little of their conversation. This is the plan for Brandon to mate you, but it’s also the plan for Vince to get his hands on your dad’s money and pack lands. “A growl ripped from my throat. The first in months.
How dare they? Nix’s voice was soft but livid.
They will suffer. Megan’s voice sounded rabid. She was ready to kill them.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 234
I closed my eyes and felt the tears fall. You guys are back. Give me a minute.
“I will keep an eye out and not drink or eat anything he gives me.” I offered, distracted now.
“Good.” There was a snap in the distance. “I have to go, but I will let you know what else I catch.”
“Okay. Thank you for warning, me. And Lynn?“**
“Yeah?”
“I’ll explain later, but I need you to know that our pack is okay.”
“Swear it.” Her voice was a little desperate.
“I swear it. And Lynn, protect my mom.”
“With my life.” Then she was gone.
“Amy? Are you okay?” Wendy wiped the tears from my face
“Nix and Megan. They are back.” I closed my eyes and ran to the edge of my forest, where my wolves were waiting for me. I dropped to my knees and wrapped my arms around them. Their bodies had grown too thin. “Are you okay?”
Nix shivered as she placed her head on my shoulder. “Tired. But alive.”
“Exhausted.” Megan agreed as she curled up at my knees, placing her head on my knees. “I’m sorry.”
“Why are you sorry?” I whispered as I slipped my fingers into her coat.
“I couldn’t tell you.” She closed her eyes.
“That’s on me, little one.” Nix wavered as she collapsed next to Megan. “I commanded your silence, and we could have died. I would have died if you hadn’t supported me.”
“Never do that again.” My words held anger. I didn’t know felt until that moment. “You jeopardized everything. Your lives, my life, everything.”
Nix huffed. “I know. I’m sorry.”
“We are a team. We work together.” I leaned over my two wolves and whispered my truth. “I thought you hated me. I thought you turned on me…I thought you left me.” I could feel the panic those words induced in me.
“Never, Amy. I would never abandon you.”
“Me either.” My two wolves fell asleep at my feet, and for the first time in a long time, I felt whole.
###Next D 235
Chapter 235
I opened my eyes to find Wendy and Toya staring at me expectantly, “What’s wrong?”
Wendy glanced at Toya, and she turned back to me. “We just wanted to see if it worked?” I stared at her for at moment, and she smiled. “Your wolves? Are they okay?”
I smiled and opened my mouth, but instead of words, a yawn large enough to crack my jaw hit. “Yes.” I smiled softly. “They are tired, but alive.”
“Thank the goddess.” Toya sat back and went back to my hair. “Now, your wounds?”
35
“The Mara. I didn’t know she could hurt me. But as I ran away from the caves, she grabbed my hair. She was dragging me back into the caves and I knew I couldn’t let her pull me too far back or else I would get lost. So, when my hand shifted to my claws, I sliced through my hair, but she had already done some damage.”
“Some damage?” Wendy scoffed.
“You are missing a huge chuck. And I know it will grow back fast, but you aren’t healing properly right now, so I don’t actually know that.” Toya paused with her fingers on a tender spot. She traced a rather large circle. “This is how much you are missing.”
I felt my eyes widen and cut to Wendy, who was just nodding. “When I was finger combing your hair, there were at few shallow cuts, but mostly that chuck looked like it too, not only hair off, but skin.”
I nodded. “Well, I got away.”
“Ruining your hair in the meantime.” Toya tsked and kept cutting. “Hopefully, I can salvage what’s left and you. like your new cut.”
I just chuckled. “I’m sure it will be fine.” I closed my eyes, leaning my head against my arms. “What happened to your back and arm?” Wendy prompted me.
“She was able to catch up a few times. She clawed my back and grabbed my arm, trying to stop me from getting to my body.” I shivered as I remembered the pain of the first slice down my back. “I think she was hoping to slow me down enough to get here first.” I turned my head to look at Wnedy. “She almost made it. She lept passed me at the last moment and I thought she was going to get here first, but then something happened.”
“What?” Toya ran her fingers through my hair, almost styling it.
“The goddess came.” I closed my eyes and remembered the last few seconds before I slipped back into my body. The Mara lept passed me. I could feel her hair trail down my arm and she shouted in joy as she dropped next to my body. She tried to slip in, and I screamed out. ‘No.‘ But then a hand pulled her back. “She made it to my body first. And she was slipping in. But the goddess grabbed her shoulder. She tried to fight, before she realized it was the goddess.” I scrunched up my face, remembering her scream. “But the goddess pulled her back and the Mara froze.” She stopped mid scream, and then she crumpled. I opened my eyes and looked at Wendy. “She started to sob. Beg really. She begged the goddess to give her my body Her words bounced in my mind.
“What do you mean?” Toya’s hands stilled
“The goddess pulled her back and shook her head. She told her that my body wasn’t hers to have ” I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “She bowled and collapsed at her feet. Her voice was raw with pain as she screamed back. The Mara, the woman, begged the goddess to give me to her. That she had walked for over a thousand years, alone and lost, and this was the first time she had the chance to live again.” I shivered.
“What did the goddess say?”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 235
“She told the woman that she had been looking for her for very long time, and that it was time for her to come home.” I could hear the wail in my mind when she said that “The Mara still begged. She didn’t want to die.” I felt Toya wrap her arms around me.
“It’s okay.”
I shook my head and I whispered, “She was terrified and I couldn’t tell you if she was more afraid to wander for another thousand years or to die in truth.” Toya’s arms tightened. “But the goddess knelt and hugged her to her chest. And then she told her that even if she was afraid to die, wasn’t the wandering worst. The darkness, the cold, the loneliness.” I looked over my shoulder and met Toya’s eyes. “In that moment, if I didn’t have you, my mom, my dad, I would have given it to her. My body. I would have let her live again.”
“Amy.” They both admonished me, but I felt a tear fall.
“In that moment, I felt her loneliness. It was this cavern, so deep, so dark, there was no end in sight. And she lived in it for a thousand years.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 236
Chapter 236
Toya leaned over and kissed my head. “Let’s stop talking about it.” She pulled back a little more and fluffed my hair. “Wendy, hand me the blow dryer.”
Wendy got up and handed the cast aside dryer. But I turned You don’t have to.”
Toya pulled me back like my mom used to do when I was little. “Sit still. You can’t go to bed with wet hair. And you can’t get sick. We have a long day ahead and need to be up in a few hours.” She clicked on the hair dryer and Wendy came over and whispered in Toya’s ear, then she slipped her shoes on and left.
“Where is she going?” I yelled over the sound.
Toya leaned closer and spoke directly in my ear as she continued to blow dry my hair. “She needed to grab some things from our place. She will be back in a minute.”
I just nodded because I was too exhausted to ask. I leaned against my own knees with my eyes closed as Toya dried my soaked hair. It was the most peaceful feeling I have had since I was a child.
I hadn’t realized how tired I was until Wendy was shaking me awake. “Amy, it’s time to go to bed.” I lifted my head and wiped my eyes.
“What happened?”
She smiled as she wrapped her arms under me and lifted. “You fell asleep.”
“Where is Toya?” I automatically wrapped my arms around her neck, like I did when I was five and my father took me to bed. “And when did you get this strong?” 
Wendy laughed and carried me to my room. “Toya is changing. And you made me this strong with all your grueling workouts.”
She placed me at the foot of the bed and walked around to pull the covers down. I realized belatedly that she was in a tank top and sweatpants. “I’m sorry for keeping you two up so late.” Wendy came around and picked me up again. I wanted to fight, but my eyes could barely stay open
“Don’t be.” She slid me into my bed, pulling the covers up I wanted to be here.” Then she walked around the bed and slipped in next to me.
“Wendy?”
“Yeah, Amy?” She snuggled into the middle of my bed, and wanted to laugh. 
“What are you doing?” I could hear my words slurring.
The bedroom door opened, and Toya came in, wearing a tank and some shorts. “We are sleeping here.”
I cracked an eye. “You don’t have to.”
Toya just shook her head as she slid in next to Wendy. “You are foolish if you think we are leaving you after everything that happened today.” She pulled the blanket up and we all settled into a cool silence.
I colled over to face them. “You forgot to turn off the light.
Toya rolled to face me with a grin “You’re a bitch, you are lucky I love you.” She slipped out of the bed with mine and Wendy’s laughter chasing her. She clicked off the light and the soft recessed lighting across the room flickered to life. “Wait, you have a night light?” Toya slipper back into the bed with a smile on her face. “A grown woman with a night light.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 23
A soft chuckle escaped me. “Normally, I turn them off.” I pointed to a button built into my side table.
“Normally?” Wendy cracked her eye.
“If it doesn’t bother either of you. Would it be okay if I kept it on?”
Wendy opened both eyes and faced me fully, and Toya popped up on her elbow. “Amy?” Wendy’s soft voice had this calming effect.
“I’m okay.” I could hear the lie in my voice, but I pushed on “Or I will be okay. But tonight, tonight I’m five again and afraid of the dark.” I laughed, but I felt the sob hit me. In an instant Wendy shuffled over to Toya’s side of the bed, and Toya had come around to my side.
“Move.” Her voice was soft, but she pushed me into the middle of the bed without giving me anyway to say no. Then she slid in behind me.
“This isn’t necessary.” I tried to argue, but when their hands wrapped around my middle, I felt the tight ball of panic that I had in my chest ease just a little.
‘It might not be,” Wendy started.
“But it makes us feel better, too.” Toya finished.
I sighed as Toya pulled the blankets up around me again. I settled into their arms, and when I closed my eyes, the Mara didn’t jump out at me. I felt safe and I guess I needed this more than I thought I did. Their breathing was already soft and slow. I had thought they had already fallen asleep. “Thank you.‘
Toya snuggled in closer. “You are our best friend, Amy.”
13 
“We will always be here to help you.” Their words comforted me, and I finally fell asleep.
###Next D 237
Chapter 237
I woke slowly. My alarm going off was probably the worst thing I had ever heard in my life. All I wanted to do was to stay in the soft, warm comfort of their arms. Their arms, what? My eyes sprang open to the soft glow of the recessed lighting in my bedroom. The room itself was familiar, but the arms wrapped around me were not. I turned my head slowly to the side, terrified to find the lost soul, the woman I thought I left behind beside me. I closed my eyes in relief when I saw it was Toya. I turned to the other side to see Wendy snuggled on my shoulder.
The rest of the night flooded back to me and I remembered that my two friends had slept over. Whether it was for them, or for me, I was grateful. Toya finally cracked an eye. “Shut it off.” She groaned as she snuggled into my side.
I started to laugh. “I would, but my phone is on the other side of you.” My voice was soft, but both girls flew off of me. Wendy fell off the side of the bed with a soft bang
“Fuck me. I forgot” Wendy grabbed the side of the bed and pulled herself up. She giggled as she stood. time is it?”
What
Toya rolled over and grabbed for my phone, the alarm still ringing out, and handed it to me. “Too early.” She stretched on the bed, her elbows popped as she straightened her arms.
“It’s six.” I groaned as I turned off my alarm. I wanted to roll over and go back to sleep, but I had things to do. I slid out of the bed on Wendy’s side. “You guys can sleep for a little longer.
“Where are you going?” Wendy wiped the sleep from her eyes.
“I’m going for a run before we head to breakfast.”
Both girls sat up, but it was Toya who asked. “A run, or a wolf run?”
I felt a smile break out as I heard both Nix and Megan perk up. “A wolf run. Nix hasn’t been out in too long, and Megan even longer. I think they both need a little stretch.” My two friends nodded. But slid out of the bed. “You guys can sleep.”
“And we will.” Wendy nodded. “But we are going to sleep le our own beds. That way we can get ready and be in the hall by nine. That way, if you get a little distracted, which in this case you should, we are they to handle the applications.”
I hugged her. “Thank you.”
“For what?” Her voice was warm, a small comfort I never knew I needed.
“For understanding “I turned to Toya. “Both of you. Thank you for your help and understanding.”
“Of course. Now, let’s go. Your wolves must be stir crazy for being locked up for months.” I nodded as Toya walked around my bed. We left my apartment behind and got into the elevator. “Shift.”
“What?”
“I know you keep your clothes when you shift, but if you don’t want to explain to anyone, shift now, and we will get you out of the building. This way, you can just run and had back when you’re ready to,”
I could feel Nix’s need to shift press against my side. She was weak, but pushy. I need to reconnect with nature, to the goddess, to the wind. It has been too long since I felt the winds whisper through my fur. Please Amy.
1 felt her need pulse in my chest, but something held me back. I promise I will shift Nix, but we can’t do it here. I shook my head “I can’t, not here I will wait until I’m in the trees.” I felt my wolves pause, as if to consider my
words.
5 RONUS
+25
Chapter 237
Something feels off. Megan’s words were a balm to my soul I missed her. I feel like Amy’s right. If we shift here, something will happen. Her words hit me in the chest. She was right. That was what I was feeling
Fine, I will wait. Nix reluctantly agreed. She pulled her need back inside of her as much as she could, but I could feel her vibrate with the need.
I felt unsteady, but also on edge, as if someone or something was watching. My first thought was the Mara, but the goddess, she saved that soul. And they were gone. I looked around, watching Toya and Wendy look around in confusion. “What is it?” Wendy asked but my eyes stopped on the camera in the comer, with its blinking light.
I turned away from the camera. “It’s nothing.” I forced a smile, but I knew. Nix, tell their wolves that there is someone watching us. I’m not sure how I know, but I can feel it. Tell all the girls to keep quiet in the hallways and the elevators. I will figure out a way to keep their apartments safe, but out of them, we aren’t safe anymore.
Understood. Nix disappeared and went to tell the others. I watched their eyes widen, but nothing else. Good.
###Next D 238
After I kicked my two friends out of the elevator on their floor, I continued down to the main floor. I gave a tiny wave to Jora, who was wrapping up his shift, and I walked out the door. I am sure he called after me, but as soon as I hit the cool morning air, I was running. I ran around the building, straight into the woods, and shifted into Nix. 
She paused on a hill, feeling the wind ruffle her fur, and she closed her eyes. “I have missed this feeling for far too long.”
I receded enough inside to sit next to Megan. “I promise we will make time for both of you to shift more.” I turned to look at Megan. “And I want to train in your form as well.
I felt her stiffen next to me and she turned her head to look me in the face. “You would have no reason to fight in my form.”
I wrapped my arm around her. “It is always better to be prepared. What if you are running and are attacked? We won’t be able to stop to shift into Nix.” I ran my fingers through her fur. “If would make us vulnerable, and it would out our secret.”
I watched as she thought through my words. “But not everyone knows about me.”
I raised my shoulder. “Toya and Wendy do. I’ll work out a day that Toya will run the training in wolf form, instead of me, and I will attend as you.” I bumped her shoulder. “Do you not want to?”
She shook her head, but her voice was low. “I want to.” She looked away. “I just thought you didn’t think I was important enough.”
Her words hurt me, but I obviously made her feel this way. I am so sorry, Megan. I didn’t even think about it until you were both gone. I never should have neglected you‘
Her eyes widened, and I could see a slight bit of panic enter them. “You didn’t. That isn’t what I meant.”
“Don’t lie to us, little one.” Nix’s voice was soft, but she turned and started running through the trees. “We are all in this together. If you feel you need something, talk to us, and we will help you.”
So obviously she lept this from Nix as well. “You are both a part of me, Megan.” I got to my knees and wrapped my arms around her. “I’m sorry we weren’t paying attention to your needs.“.
“Me too.” Nix called to us, but then she skidded to a stop. “You.” Both Megan and I snapped our attention back outwards and froze. Nix’s snarl was vicious as she started at the wolf in front of her. “You have some fucking nerve to show your face in front of me.”
The wolf, that looked black in the dark shadows of the trees stepped out. His dark grey fur rippled as he came closer, dropping to his belly, and slowly shuffled closer to us, with his white blue eyes focused on Nix’s. “I have been looking for you.”
Nix snorted. “I stopped believing your words months ago. When I stopped looking for you.” She turned and went to run, but the male jumped in front of her. “Move.”
“Please listen to me.” He dropped back down and rolled onto his back, showing his belly to her. Both Megan and I stiffened.
“Males shouldn’t sow their bellies to females.” Nix’s voice was icy and dark. She was still unimpressed.
“Any male will if he knows he fucked up.” His dark voice made all of us shiver, but Nix turned to leave again. Please.” His begging stopped Nix’s paw.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 283
“Just say what you wanted to say, Erubus.” Her words were knives even I winced.
“Maybe you should hear him out.” Megan offered softly, but Nix snorted and turned.
“I was told to hear you out, and I will. Not because I feel you deserve the chance, but because my soul sister asked me to. Now speak.” Nix words cut him. I watched as he winded.
“I swear to you I haven’t neglected you.” Nix snorted again, but she stepped closer. “I swear I have been out here every week, looking for you for months. But you have been missing.”
I felt his words hit, and Nix softened a fraction. “I searched for you for months, and you never came.” Her words, uncertain..“I gave up.”
He dropped again and slowly approached on his belly. “I wasn’t able to get away for a little while. I didn’t know who I could trust. But I figured it out and I have been out here waiting for you.”
“How do I know you are telling the truth?” Nix cut in.
He stopped, as if to think, but shook his head. “I know my words mean nothing to you. But all I can do is prove it going forward.”
“And how do you expect to do that?” She scoffed.
“Every other day from four in the morning until sunrise, I am out here. I have been out here. That is my time to run. Join me?”
3.
###Next D 239
Chapter 239 
+25 BONUS
Nix snorted. “You already told me you ran Tuesdays and Fridays, yet every day I looked for you, there was no one. I’m tired of inconsistent males trying to impress me.” Nix turned away from him. “If you are looking for a fling, or someone to mess around with, I am not your wolf.”
“What?” His surprised sounded genuine.
Nix snarled at his tone. “I said what I said.” She bunched her muscles, and I knew she intended to leave.
“Wait.” There was something in his voice that made her pause. It wasn’t panic per se, but something like it.
“What now?” She was at her wit’s end. The male had played with her too much and she was over it.
“I don’t want a fling or some wolf to mess around with. I want a mate.” His voice was clear, and there was almost a desperation for her to understand.
“Maybe think it over.” Megan offered, and I smiled.
“This is the wolf you have thought about daily for months. Maybe something came up, and he was away. It’s not like you know his human and he can let you know when there is an issue.” I waited to see how she would take it.
“Are you both on his side?” She sounded a little hurt.
“Not at all.” Megan shook her head.
“We are with you, Nix. But we also can see his side of things. Plus, you’re angry, and you have a right to be, but I don’t want you to hate yourself for shutting him out. You might move past the hurt and realize that you made a mistake. I don’t want you to be sad later for your anger today.” We waited for her decisión.
She slowly turned back to Erubus. “My human has asked me to reconsider you.
”
He jumped to his feet, and his ears perked up. “And?”
“I might give you a second chance. But I need to know, where have you been?”

There was a silence that settled in the clearing. “There have been more attacks,” he paused, and I saw a flash of guilt pass over his eyes. But it cleared, and he continued. “The king needed me at the forefront of the attacks.‘
C
I felt Nix settle. If there was one thing she supported, it was saving weaker wolves. “You were protecting people?”
He gave a nod. “The king, he needs powerful wolves surrounding him, that don’t have divided loyalties.” Nix threw back her head and laughed. Erubus stiffened. “What’s funny?”
Nix shook her head. “I was just laughing at what you said. Every king needs to be surrounded by loyal people, but this king needs it more.” She shook her head. “I know kings have to be careful, but somehow, this king seemed to surround himself with everyone that wants him to die.” I felt the change in Erubus before Nix did.
“Nix. Be careful. He didn’t like what uyou just said.” She turned to face the male, and she could see the shift in him finally.1
“What did you say?”
Nix didn’t like his tone. But I cautioned her. “You called his king, our king, stupid to his face. And Rowan is doing the nest he can.” I felt a little hurt by her words, too. He was put into this position. He didn’t make it himself.
Nix conceded, “I’m sorry if I said it wrong. I know someone the king is close to. She knows the situation he is now in.” Nix shook her head. “He is doing his best with the shitty hand he was dealt.” tone calmed down.
“Not at all.” Nix confessed. “I think he is trying to placate everyone when he doesn’t have to. And I know people
1/2
Chapter 239
are actively trying to kill him. But…”
“But what? You don’t agree with his methods?”
+25 BONUS
“But this farce of the council forcing him to select a mate instead of waiting for his goddess given mate is ridiculous.” Nix called back to me. “He is hurting you, and I don’t like it.” Then she turned her attention back to Erubus. “He is hurting my friend.”
I watched Erubus recoil. “Who is your friend? And why is she hurting?”
But Nix was done. “I won’t speak on her behalf, because honestly, does your king deserve to know?” She shook her head. “I’ll give you one last chance. But if you disappear, if you disappoint me one more time. That’s it.” Nix stared at him. “I like you. As much as it pains me, I like you a lot. But I won’t allow any man or male to play with me or my feelings. Not now, not again. So I need you to think about this, Erubus.” She stepped closer to him, and she drew in a breath, trying to scent him. But still, there was nothing, and that aggravated her. “I need you to think long and hard before you show up next, because if you do and then you mess around, or disappoint me yet again, that’s it.” SHe got closer to him. “I will never give you another chance. So think, long and hard, before you male your decision.” Then she took off. 1
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 240
Chapter 240
We ran for a while, and we all heard when Erubus started running after us, but Nix snorted. We were far enough away that Nix had a plan. She ran for a little while longer and then she dove into a bush. “You turn Megan.‘
“What?” Megan jolted up, but Nix was already running back to us and then she pushed Megan forward. “Nix, what are you doing?”
“It’s your turn to run. Now go.” Nix chuffed out a laugh as she pushed Megan to the front, almost forcing the shift from her form to Megans. Then I watched as Nix ran to the candle and added another.
“What are you doing?” I walked over to her and watched as the second candle flair to life.
“Changing our scent.” She looked at me like I was dumb, and in that moment, I felt it.
“Why?”
“Because we can’t have the same scent, and I want to see how this male treats my soul sister.” Once the candles were strong, she turned back to Megan, who had just finished shifting. “Now, run and be free, Megan.”
Megan was frozen on the spot for a moment, but then the wind rustled through the bush and she took off. Wind ruffled her fur and, for only the second time in Her life, she was free for longer than a second. Her thoughts, which she usually kept to herself, were rushing through all our minds. She was so carefree and open with us; it hurt my heart.
“I’ve neglected her again. Even knowing she is here, I’m still neglecting her.” I sat down with a heavy heart.
Nix came over next to me. “It’s really hard to balance all of us. And Megan and I both understand that. We just spent months ignoring you, so I think you get a pass this time.” She laid down next to me and we watched as Megan had her first run at the school.
“This is amazing.” She ran for a little while before Erubus finally caught up to us and skidded to a stop in front of
us.
“Wait.” He finally looked up, and confusion sprang into his eyes. We all heard him take a few deep breaths. “Who are you?”
“My name is Megan…who are you?” Megan backed up a step. She was nervous.
“You shouldn’t have given him your name yet. He should earn it.” Nix called out, but Megan snorted, making Erubus tilt his head.
“He won’t want to earn my name, Nix.” Megan called back as she settled on her haunches. She waited for him to
answer. 
“I’m Erubus. I thought you were someone else.” He settled across from us and tilted his head the other way.
“Sorry to disappoint,” Megan offered.
But he reeled back instead. “You didn’t. I’m sorry, I’m just confused. It’s nice to meet you, Megan.”
“Nice to meet you as well.” She stared at him for a moment and then stood. “Well, if there isn’t anything you needed, I will get going.”
“Wait.” Erubus stood with Megan, and he stared into her eyes. “Why do I feel like I know you?”
Megan trembled ever so slightly. “I don’t know. We haven‘ met before.” The lie rolled off her tongue. But she called back to us. “Not a lie, not exactly.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 240
Nix looked at me. “She is playing semantics, and apparently we have all grown closer since we woke. We can hear each other’s thoughts.” I just nodded, but turned back to Megan.
Erubus came closer to her. She froze as he buried her nose into her neck and Nix tilted her head, considering some new thought that she held back from us. “You smell wrong. His wrongs had Megan pulling back. 1
“I’m sorry.” She turned to leave, but the male jumped in front of her.
“Who is your human?” He came closer, but Megan backpedaled.
“I’m sorry, what?” Megan panicked. “What do I say to him” She screamed back at us as she looked everywhere but at the male in front of her.
“Your human? What’s her name?”
“Don’t tell him.” Nix called back. “You deserve to be chased, Megan. If he wants to know, he will work for it.”
“I’m not you.” She whispered back to us, and Nix recoiled.
“Why do you say it like it’s a bad thing? Megan, you are amazing all on your own.” I pushed closer to the front. ” You kept us alive.”
Nix came closer with me. “You are smarter than me. You are emotionally more developed. I might be the alpha, but you are the glue that’s holding the three of us together, Megan. Without uyou, we would have gone to the goddess. This time, and the last.”
“What?” I turned to Nix, but she looked away.
“I’ll explain later. But right now, you need to realize your worth. If he doesn’t want you, even as a friend, he isn’t worth our time,” Nix called back and then she turned to walk away.
I felt Megan decide. “A friend told me that if a male wants to know the name of my other half, then he has to work for it.” Then she took off, leaving him alone in the clearing,
###Next D 241
Chapter 241 
I stopped by the apartment to get ready, then I hopped into my truck to get to the main hall. I wanted to grab some food before the mayhem of today started. I had barely take a few steps into the main building when there was a call.
“Amy!” I stopped and turned to find myself facing Brandon and Vince.
“Hey.” I forced a smile on my face. “What can I help you with?” 
Brandon came to stand next to me. “Good morning. I thought you were going to miss today…”
I turned my smile up to his face. “Why would I miss today? Brandon looked lost, staring at my face. He even leaned in, but I turned to face Vince. “Alpha Vince? What do I owe the pleasure?”
He coughed for a second before he regrouped. “What exactly are you doing with the front hall?”
“I created a way for girls to apply to become the King’s mate.” 
“There already is a way.” Vince started, but I held up my hand.
“Sorry, I should have been more clear. I streamlined a way for the females here to apply to becoming the King’s mate.”
“Why would you do that?” Vince stepped closer. “I mean, the more women who apply, the less of a chance you have of being chosen.” He watched me closely, but I expected this line of questioning eventually.
“I’m not applying.”
Are you really not going to apply? Megan’s voice sounded concerned.
Yes. She will be. Nix stepped up next to my wolf. She was slowly regaining her strength.
Guys…
No, Amy. I accept I am interested in Erubus. Nix started. And I will even go out as far as saying that he is probably winning Megan over. But you still have feelings for Rowan, and if you don’t put your name in, even if it is just for show, you will regret it.
What if he wants you to, but you don’t and he has to select another female? Megan laid down, placing her head on her paws. Do you really want to lose your chance at maybe finding out how he feels because of a technicality?
I wanted to growl. My wolves made sense. But I focused on the men in front of me. Brandon’s smile was big..” Really?”
I shook my head. “Well, to be fair, I haven’t planned on it.” I smirked as I saw Vince glance at Brandon. I looked around, hoping to find a way out of this. And I spotted it. “Um, Brandon…”
“Yeah?” He leaned in closer to me and I smiled, and watched his eyes lose focus for a minute.
“You have company…” I whispered.
Both Brandon and Vince reeled back from me. “What?” Brandon looked around and Vince’s eyes landed on the person who was currently headed our way.
“You are a fucking whore.” Her words were as nasally as ever. You would think after I punched her face it would get better, but nope, still annoying.
I huffed out a breath. “Shannon, what a wonderful surprise. I was hoping to make it through my entire program without seeing you, but I guess I’m not lucky.” I turned to Alpha Vince and gave a small nod. “I will say my
1/2
Chapter 241
+20 BONUS
goodbyes, I need to eat before I start the table.”
Brandon walked to intercept Shannon. “What are you doing here?” 
“What am I doing here? What are you doing here? You told me you needed to focus on your studies, and I find you here, trying to fuck my sister?”
I rolled my eyes as I turned to leave, but Vince stepped closer to me. “Is there something else you need?”
He nodded, then glanced over to where Shantion was screaming still. “Come with me.” He offered his arm, so I threaded mine through his and he walked me to the building. Before we got too close, he dropped his words to a soft whisper. “The council is here, or one of the members.”
“Why?”
“Because Nina. She complained to her uncle about your program and they were here to shut it down.” I snorted.” Take this seriously Amy, you might be strong but they are the council.” 
I nodded. “You’re right. I will take this seriously. Thank you.”
Vince nodded and released my arm. “For what it’s worth, I think the program is a nice touch.”
“Really?”
“I don’t like that the council wants to dictate our next luna, I think every alpha deserves to wait for his mate or make his own choice in his mate. Forcing the king to select a mate sets an unprecedented expectation that they can decide who mates who.”
I nodded along like I believed him. “I mean, if that can do this to the king, what stops them from doing this to Brandon?” I watched Vince’s face fall, as if he had never actually considered the repercussions of his play. Then I turned on my heel and left him there.
*
12
###Next D 242
Chapter 242 
I ran to the caff to grab a breakfast sandwich and a coffee, then made my
already gathered. “Hey.” I took the last bite of my sandwich and slid in way to the table where the girls were
when Hanna and Micca both yelled.
a seat, only to nearly choke to death.
“Amy!” The food hit the back of my throat when I inhaled and I started to cough. The two of them came over, bouncing while I tried to swallow the food that was currently trying to kill me.
I finally swallowed the lump in my throat. “Yeah?” I coughed more and they at least looked apologetic.
“Sorry.” Hanna patted my back, but Micca just pushed her way.
“Look at your hair!” Micca pulled on my newly shortened strands.
“Does it look bad?” I grabbed a curl, tucking it behind my hair.
“No!” She fluffed up my hair some. “I think it looks amazing on you. Your curls seem to have more life, more bounce. It looks fantastic. Who did it?” Micca looked around. “I’ve needed a haircut for a long time.”
I pointed to Toya. “She did.”
“Oh my goddess Toya, why didn’t you tell us you can cut hair?”
“I honestly can’t, but that one got her hair caught in something and had to hack it off. I did my best to save it, but the curls are doing most of the work.” Toya laughed. “You shoulda seen it last night. It was horrible.”
Micca pouted for a minute. “Damn, and here I was, hoping to get a new look.” Toya laughed.
“Are you open yet?” The women in the front of the growing crowd bounced impatiently.
I gave her a soft smile. “Let me check on the tablets and make sure the program is fully functional and then we will be good to go.”
“Thank you.” She was so polite, but I could tell she was excited.
“No worries.”
But she shook her head. “I don’t think you understand. I tried to apply at home. Because I didn’t make it here last night. But once you enter your name and try to submit it, the council redirects you.”
Hanna came over. “To where?”
“Another form to fill out, and then it checks something. I don’t even know what it was checking. What I do know is that after about ten minutes, it rejected my application.” She looked frustrated. “So this is the only way for me to even get a chance.” There were a few others nodding.
“I tried too.”
“Me too. I was denied in under one minute. What are they even checking.?”
“Obviously they are checking if you’re even remotely worth of being the queen.” Nina’s nasally voice came from somewhere and I swear I wanted to roll my eyes. 1
I watched as the few women in front of me deflated. “Ladies. Every one of you deserves the chance to be considered. Whether or not the king selects you is really his choice, and we have to be ready for that. But there is nothing in this world that makes you less than someone else.”
Nina laughed as she weaved her way through the waiting crowd. “You are giving unranked hope. And that isn’t fair.”
1/2
Chapter 242
+25 BONUS
I glared at her. “I can say with certainty that any of these unranked wolves would make a better queen than you would, Nina.” I smiled at her as her face reddened. “At least they know how to speak to others politely. And when to see themselves out of a conversation that wasn’t theirs to have?” I turned to the women in front of me. “Don’t listen to her. She is a very weak alpha who feels the need to make everyone feel less than so that she can feel better about herself.” A few of the girls snickered. “And as I was saying, I won’t discriminate anyone from applying. Everyone deserves a shot.” I turned to the girls. “Hand me the tablets, please.”
The others all handed over their tablets, and I–double checked the programming. Everything looked good, and I handed them back one by one. “The cords are all ready.” Wendy smiled as she poked her head out from under the table. She waved her hand for the first tablet, and Hanna laughed as she handed it over. One by one, Wendy plugged in the tablets. “We are all set here.”
I turned back to the crowd of women. “Then we are all set to start the second day of applications.”
“Wait a moment, if you would.” A male voice cut over the crowd and Nina’s smile had my stomach clench.
Why are you worried? Nix’s voice was amused. Even the King can’t command us to do anything without trying. No one here can do it. Which means you can protect everyone here from any command.
Megan, who was currently watching over the candle, chuffed out a laugh. But they don’t know that yet
Nix slunk out of my forest with a menacing glint in her eyes. But they will find out today.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 243
###Next D 243
Chapter 243 
Her words gave me goosebumps. It was obvious she was looking for a fight. The moon on her forehead glinted.
I’m tired of holding back Amy, and Nina keeps poking at me. Nix looked a little rabid as she came closer to the barrier in my mind. She was standing with her hackles already raised, and drool foaming at the sides of her mouth.
I took a deep breath and turned to the voice that was working; its way through the crowd to stand next to Nina. I nearly rolled my eyes when I realized it was the council member. And not just any council member. It was Nina’s uncle Thinius and Nadine.
“And what exactly are we waiting for?” I smiled as I tilted my head.
“Do you know who this is?” Nadine snarled, but that only made my smile bigger.
“I am assuming you are trying to intimidate me by bringing Uncle Thinius the council member, to my table.” I watched as Nina and Nadine smiled. “But I think you overestimated yourselves, and him.” I looked down at my nails. Then back to the trio now hovering by my table. “Now, if we can get on with this farce, I have women to help. What exactly are we waiting for?”
Thinius puffed up his chest and tried to stare me down, but I just met his glare with bored eyes. “As a member of the council, we have rules that must be followed. And this doesn’t follow with the protocols we set up.”
I laughed. “Yes, I know.” The girls all sat down in front of their tablets and waited. I stepped up and walked
around the side of the table. Then I turned back to the crowd and waved to the table. “You can start while I deal
with this.”
“Are you sure?” The first woman asked, and I smiled and gave her a brief nod.
“Of course. No one is going to block you from filling out the application while I’m here.” I picked up my tablet and handed it to her. Nina and Nadine both cried out, but I patted her shoulder. “I promise, your application will get seen if you fill this out.” I watched as she considered it and then nodded. She tapped away at the screen, and as soon as others saw her filling out the form, they grabbed for a tablet.
“You can’t do this!” Nina screeched, and I turned back to her small group with a lazy smile.
“Why?”
“Because I said so.” She stomped her foot.
“And who are you?” I countered, leaving her sputtering. I turned to look at her sister. “Do you have some power over me I don’t know of?” I tilted my head as I turned back to their uncle. “Or are you going to try to lord your position over me?” I watched them all sputter. “Well, what is it?” I waited patiently.
“You can’t go against the council.” Thinius stepped closer.
“Why not?” I heard the gasp that went through the crowd, but I smirked. “Why can’t I go against the council?”
His face grew red. “We are the highest authority!”
“No. The king is the highest authority.” My words had him freezing for a moment. “It like you forget that simple fact. Th council is there to support the king, as a beta and gamma does an alpha. But your decisions don’t overrul his.”
“We do not.” He retreated a little, but then rallied. “We support him where we must. And this is something we are overseeing.” The smug smile on his face was annoying. He was really sure he did something there.
“Who says?” I crossed my arms.
1/2
Chapter 243
+25 BONUS
“What?”
“Who said you get to oversee every application?”
“It was decided.” He shot back.
I nodded along and twirled my hand. “By who?” Nina and Nadine were glaring at me but I pushed up from the table. “I distinctly remember the king saying that you will oversee the applications that go through your process and he will oversee the ones that go through his email.” I stepped closer. “Right?”
“Well, yes.” He stammered.
“Well then. Problem solved.” I turned my back to the trio and checked in with everyone. “How are we doing?”
“Good. We are moving quicker than yesterday.”
“Fantastic.” I smiled when I heard Nina screech again.
“Not problem solved.” Her voice grated on my nerves and I felt my hands shift into my claws, but I kept them hidden.
I turned back to face them. “Yes Nina. It is. Because if you recall our conversation yesterday, these applications are going straight to the king’s email.” I turned my face to Thinius. “With his consent. So by the king’s decision, you have zero jurisdiction over my application table, nor the applications I am taking.”
“These applications go straight to the king?” One girl whispered, and I turned to give her a small nod and a wink.
“They do indeed.”
I turned back just in time to watch Thinius pale. “What?”
###Next D 244
Chapter 244 
+25 BONUS
“What? Did Nina not tell you that these applications were routed straight to the king’s email?”
Thinius turned to look at Nina, and I watched her back up a step. “No, no, she didn’t. But it doesn’t matter. All
council.” He tried to rally and stepped closer. “The council has been already checking to see who is appropriate for the position.”
applications need to go through the
I nodded. “I figured you might say that.” I pulled out my phone and scrolled back to the press release from Rowan. “And I quote ‘Any single and unmated female may apply. Regardless of age or rank. All applications will be considered.‘ End quote.” I clicked my phone off and turned to look at Thinius. “But according to some ladies here, they attempted to apply through the council and they application was denied before even being reviewed.” I felt my eyes shift as Nix grew impatient. “Was that you? Or did another council member decide to go against the words of the King again?” 1
He sputtered at that, and I watched his fang slam down. “Whop the fuck do you think you are? You’re just a fucking alpha wolf from the legs of a whore. Your father is lucky to be fucking dead-”
I straightened my shoulders and dropped my shifted hands. Fur rippled up from my clawed hands and my own fangs slammed down into my lip, slicing it as it went. “I dare you to fucking finish that sentence.” My voice was layered. I could hear all three of our voices in my threat. Thinius smirked with Nadine, but Nina was smarter, taking a slow step back. Thinius opened his mouth, but Toya walked up next to me with her phone out.
“What are you doing?” Nadine pointed to her, but she just chuckled.
“Who? Me?” she pointed to herself as she used the other hand to keep the phone straight. “Oh, I’ve just been recording this.”
“Why?” Nadine’s face scrunched up in confusion, but Nina paled.
Toya laughed again. “Because I want to have some proof that it was you three idiots that started all of this when the king comes here to investigate because Amy killed a council member and his two stupid nieces.”
Nina took another step back as I took a step forward. But Thinius thought he had the upper hand. “Killing a council member is a killable offence.”
I nodded. “Sure is. If there is no provocation. But if someone challenged an alpha, whether by word, physical attack, or provocation, any and all attacks are justified if the alpha is stronger and not if full control of their wolves. It’s a little small subsection in the rule book that the council put together to protect little vindication alphas who were taking out their anger on their packs.” I smiled, and I watched the truth hit them all in the chest. I turned to Toya, and she laughed, pointing at her mouth.
“You have a little blood there, Aim.” She moved the camera to catch my face. “It’s dripping down your chin and all over your teeth. You did a number on your lip when your fangs dropped.”
I nodded as I turned back to the three of them. “Now…where were you?” I paused and took another step. “You were telling me that my mother was a whore and my father was lucky to be fucking dead, is that right?”
Nadine, obviously the stupider sister, smirked. “You won’t do anything. The rule states the alpha has to be stronger. You are what, eighteen?”
“What day is it?” I turned back to the table.
“It’s May ninth.” Wendy offered.
I nodded as I turned back. “I’m nineteen. Today is my birthday.” I smiled bigger. I heard the girls behind me all gasp, but I was focused on the three in front of me. Thinius recovered enough to smirk. He obviously assumed that a young female alpha would not be stronger than him. But Nina grabbed his hand.
7/2
Chapter 244
+25 BONUS
“She’s strong.” I heard her whisper.
“That I am.” I felt my smile grow predatory. “Now, who wants to finish that train of thought?” I turned to Nina. ” Nina? Want to give it a shot? I mean, I almost killed you the last time you wanted to bring my father into our conversation. I wouldn’t mind finishing the job to really hammer the fact home for your sister and uncle.” I felt more fur sprout down my body. Nix was pushing against the wall now,
Give them to me, Amy. Please. Her fangs glinted in the light of my mind and I knew she would snap their necks.
“No.” Nina raised her hands. “I made a mistake. I’m sorry.
I walked closer. “I’m really tired of you thinking that your family and who you are connected to is going to save you from me. I really think I need to teach you a lesson.” My hand darted out and I crushed her hand that she had raised up to warn me off.
Chapter 245
###Next D 245
Chapter 245 
+25 BONUS
Her scream was immediate. I watched with detached amusement as she dropped to the ground, cupping her hand with the other one. Her sister turned and crouched down next to her. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” She snarled up at me and I rolled my neck.
“Wrong with me?” I dropped down to look her in the eye and let Nix push even closer. My eyes flashed to their golden hue. “Nothing.” Nix pushed harder, and her voice joined mine, again. “I’m just tired of pathetic alphas trying to dictate how I live. How I behave. And more importantly, who I can talk to.” I felt the blood flow faster as I smiled. The fangs pressed into my lips again, slicing into the freshly healed skin, but I didn’t care.
“You can’t do this,” Nadine pressed, but I just laughed.
“Are you going to stop me?” I stood and looked at Thinius. Or are you?” I tilted my head. “I will tell you right now that you won’t win.” My smile growing bigger. “But please, try.”
Thinius stepped closer to me. “You shut this table down now, or I will make you.”
I turned back to the crowd and noticed a few were staring at us, and I gave them a tired smile. I turned and raised my voice. “These three here are trying to stop you from applying to become the queen. They want me to close down my table here because I work around the council’s system of rejection and give your applications straight to the king for him to go over and decide for himself.” A gasp went through the crowd and some pulled out their phones. “The king himself has stated any applications that go to the council fall under their purview and will be held to their strict standards that they get to decide, but any applications that go to the king will fall under his own standards and he will make the final call.” I looked at the three behind me. “These three want to make it impossible for any of us to even be considered as the queen. I walked to the table and held out my hand. I waited for a tablet to be up into my hand and I flashed Nina a huge smile with my fangs covered in my blood.
“Don’t” She tried to raise her hand, but it was still healing
“Oh, Nina. You stupid fool. You see, I wasn’t going to apply. I had no inkling to assume I would ever even make it into any running to be queen. I’m rash, angry, hurt, and all I have is my mother. I have nearly zero backing and sure I have power, but I’m sure there are other girls that would make a better queen, but you forced my hand.” I clicked through the application, filling it out as I went.
“Stop her.” Nina tried. But I just laughed.
I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to find a worried Brandon there. “Don’t.” I lifted a brow, and he tried to smile. “I mean, do whatever you want, but I thought maybe we could…”
He trailed off, and I softened my eyes. “Just because I apply doesn’t mean I’ll get chosen. I’m doing this to make a point, not to become queen.”
“Make a point, you’re lying.” Nadine screamed, and I felt my face shift a little. Brandon watched me for a second and then dropped his hand.
“I trust you, Amy.” I closed my eyes as I stared at my mate. The man that was my everything in my last life. Those four words would have saved everything, changed everything. We could have had a family, our pup, we could have grown old together. But he said them too late. And if I was honest. I didn’t think he even means them now.
I smiled at him. “Thank you.” I turned back to the trio. “I hope when the king sees my application, and these videos, he understands why I did this.” Then I lifted my finger and hit send.
“No!” Nina tried to stop me, but she fell short.
I handed back the tablet to the next woman. “Go ahead. Everyone here deserves the chance.” She smiled as she took the tablet.
1/2
Chapter 245
+25 BONUS
“Thank you.” She filled out the form but then froze as Thinus threw out his aura. It rushed out like a thick blanket of power, and I watched as everyone dropped to their knees. Even Toya was trembling, holding on by a thread.
I turned around, and I felt the room shift. Thinius was staring at me with sweat beaded on his brow. His eyes were shifted to his wolf, a dark chocolate brown, average for a wolf. Just like him. I walked closer and his eyes widened. “Oh Thinius, you have to try harder than that.” The smile that broke across my lips was pure Nix, full of her hatred of power, abuse and killing intent.
###Next D 246
+25 BONUS
Chapter 246 
“How is this possible?” His words were a bare whisper as he stared at me, slowly walking towards him.
I laughed, what else could I do, when a man stood in front of me sure of his strength and he was realizing it wasn’t doing anything? He pushed more, the strain evident on his face, but it barely moved me. Sure he was strong for other wolves. But not me.
He didn’t even come close to the king’s strength and even Rowan couldn’t put me on my knees.
Not with his power, anyway. Nix’s voice was amused, and she pushed a thought into my mind. I was on my knees in front of Rowan and his hand was in my hair. I pushed the thought away.
Not now. I admonished her, but I felt the heat crawling up my,neck as she laughed.
A pained moan snapped me back to what was going on. I could feel that Thinius was pushing himself to his limit, but it started to hurt everyone else. I turned to find everyone one, including Toya, pressed to the ground. I felt my eyes narrow as I turned back to see Nina staggering to her feet, and Nadine smirking.
“Are you done?” I tilted my head.
T
“What?” Thinius growled out, but Nina froze.
“I asked if you were done?“.
“Uncle?” Nadine’s face fell as she looked around the room.
“Yes? This is all of your power, right?” I took another step as another pained mewl went out.
“This isn’t possible.” Thinius panted.
“I guess it’s my turn, then.” I took one more step, putting myself in front of everyone on the floor, closer to the trio, and released the clench fist around all of my power, and my aura slammed out. The three dropped to the ground instantly. Their face pressed directly into the marble floors as everyone behind me slowly got to their feet. My aura blocked out Thinius’s, and everyone was finally able to move, and the pain they were feeling was gone. I heard a groan, and I looked back to find Brandon getting to his feet, a bruise on his cheek, and I winced. “You look like you hit the ground pretty hard.” 2
He nodded and rolled his neck. “Yeah, he was pressing pretty hard.”
I just nodded and turned back to the trio. Then I had an idea. I stepped next to Thinius and dropped into a crouch. ” You like pushing your limits right, Thinius.” I looked to the two girls just behind him. “Do you know I’ve never actually pushed my limits?” I cracked my knuckles on my hands. “I think I’m going to give it a shot.” I pulled my power out instead of letting it flow, and I focused my aura on the trio at my feet.
“Please.” Nina panted as I focused on them.
I heard the three groan, and I swore I could hear the creaking of their ribs as my power slammed into them over and over like a crushing wave. “Please.” Nadine was next to plead. “I can’t breathe.”
Nina started to cry, and Nadine soon followed, but I turned my focus on Thinius. I slammed my power into him over and over, earning a pained whine. “Stop this.”
“No, I don’t think I will. You pressed your power down on the women here. You tried to overpower us. You tried to command us to hand over our fucking right to apply to be the next queen.” I stood. “You overstepped your position as a council member once again.” I turned to check on everyone behind me, while I kept my power focused fulling on the trio. I went over to help one of the last girls, still on their knees. “Are you okay?”
She nodded. “Should I leave?” Her question hurt my heart. I don’t want to be queen if this is how they operate.”
1/2
Chapter 246
+25 BONUS
A few women nodded in agreement. I held her hands and shook my head. “There are rules against this.” I raised my voice so everyone could hear me. “The council is forbidden from using their status and power against any normal wolf. They aren’t even supposed to interact with any wolves with a lower rank than a gamma.” I turned and looked at Thinius. “Isn’t that right? You gave an oath to give away any claim to rank and the standard power structure when you pledged to the council. Yet here you are throwing your power around to try and stop these women from applying to be queen. Yet, here you are. You have no right.” I screamed.
A murmur went through the crowd. You could tell not many people read all the laws for our kind, but my father made sure I did. Thinius sneered, face still pressed into the marble. “Of course I have the right.” He screamed back.
“Says who?”
Chapter 247
Chapter 247
###Next D 247
“Thank you.” She filled out the form but then froze as Thinus threw out his aura. It rushed out like a thick blanket of power, and I watched as everyone dropped to their knees. Even Toya was trembling, holding on by a thread.
I turned around, and I felt the room shift. Thinius was staring at me with sweat beaded on his brow. His eyes were shifted to his wolf, a dark chocolate brown, average for a wolf. Just like him. I walked closer and his eyes widened. “Oh Thinius, you have to try harder than that.” The smile that broke across my lips was pure Nix, full of her hatred of power, abuse and killing intent.
425 BONUS
Everyone froze. The entire room held their breath as heavy footsteps clipped through the crowd. I felt both my wolves perk up as Rowan m
ade it through the crowd of women. I closed my eyes, reining in my anger and shifting my fangs away, doing my best to settle my insides before lie came over to me. “Hello, my king.” I turned and looked up at him. His eyes zeroed onto the blood on my face and I watched his eyes flash to his wolf’s.
“Hello rabbit.” His words were a soft whisper that I barely aught. I felt heat crawl up my neck again. “Hello Alpha Amy.” This time, his words were loud enough for everyone to hear. “Do you mind explaining why you’re using your aura on the three in front of you?”
“My king!” Thinius cried out. “This bitch is-”
I growled, and a surprising amount of others did too. “My king, if you would allow me to say something?” A woman called from the side of the room. I turned to find the very first woman from earlier walking over. Rowan looked at me, raising his eyebrow, and I gave a tiny nod. He turned to the woman and nodded. “I came here to apply for,” she stumbled.
“For the position of queen.” Rowan finished for her, and she smiled and nodded.
“Yes. As everyone else here.” Rowan nodded. “I came here with very little hope, but Amy here she is doing everything she could to let anyone apply.‘
Rowan nodded. “Anyone is allowed to apply.” He looked at me in confusion. “I announced anyone could apply.” nodded and then pointed to Thinius.
“You did, my king. But Amy here had this table yesterday, but I missed it. So I tried to do it last night at home. I did the application that Amy has here but their page took me to another where they asked me more questions, and then rejected my application all together. I screenshotted it.‘ She handed her phone to the king and his growl shook the room.
“I’m sorry.” He read out loud. “But you application was denied as you do not have the qualifications to even be considered for the position. Are you fucking serious?” He whirled to face the trio on the ground. “On what fucking ground do you have the authority to go against my words?”
“My king.-”
“Enough.” He handed back her phone and then turned to me. “What happened?”
“Rowan.” Nadine started, but his snarl stopped her. “The three of you will shut the fuck up until I ask you a question.” Everyone in the room felt the command, and the trio were effectively muzzled. “Now Amy, please explain how we got here.” I nodded. And then briefly explained the entire interaction, but Rowan interrupted her. “You crushed Nina’s hand?”
“Yeah.” I cut a look at her. “It should be healed by now. But I will warn you right now, Nina. If you push me anymore. I’ll crush it and then hold it in place while you heal your hand becomes useless.” Her whimper was answer enough. “Thinius then used his aura on this room, trying to get me to bend the knee, and close down the application table. He didn’t like that my applications were going to your email, so he couldn’t reject any of these women. Nina even tried to stop me from applying myself.” watched his eyes darken. “Then I reminded Th.. that he swore an oath that he was ignoring and abusing his position in the council to threaten lower ranked wolves. Nadine here found it particularly funny that I said he wasn’t allowed to do this.” I waved a hand at the trio. “So I released my aura, to hammer home they had no power here.”
“Amy.” I turned back to Toya, who had a wide smile on her face. “You forgot when Thinius called your mother a whore and said your father was lucky he was dead.” She offered that little tidbit, and I felt my fangs descend again, fur rippling down my arms.
S
1/2
Chapter 247
+25 BONUS
“Oh yes, there is that.” I closed my eyes and pulled my power back in, inch by inch, then I waited for the trio to stand, still unable to speak. I stalked closer. “There is the fact that this family thinks it smart to throw my father’s death in my face, over and over, and now to go as far as calling my innocent mother a whore.” I snapped my fangs at them. Nix was holding on by the skin of her teeth. She wanted to kill them. All three. She had put up with them long enough. And this time, I agreed. I could feel Megan’s agreement, too. “My patience is gone and my wolf is tired of pretending to be nice. The next time you bring my parents into this conversation, I will call for a Cath Báis.” 1
###Next D 248
Chapter 248 
A gasp went through the room.
“A death battle?” Rowan raised his eyebrow, but I just nodded.
“This family has been pushing me since the beginning of the year. Nina has claimed to be
the one that donated to everyone, using my money and my silence as a way to negotiate her work out of people.” There was another gasp, and I nodded. “She has used my generosity to get the grades she has.” I lifted one finger, counting on my hands the bullshit they have done. “She has tried to attack me when I was running, even though she knew who I was because she was trying to impress a wolf out in the woods.” Another finger. “She has used her rank, her influence, and her status as apparently the next queen to lord over this fucking school and, to be frank, I’m over it.” A few people clapped. “And then her sister and
uncle come here to tell me that I have to fall in line with their bullshit power and influence.
They have actively tried to get rid of unranked wolves, because to them, they are lesser
than a ranked wolf. This entire family is corrupt and I’m fucking over it. My father…” I pretended to get choked up and I saw Rowan’s lips twitch. “My father raised me to be a wolf with a moral compass. He raised me to watch over my pack and wolves of lower rank. He taught me to stand up against people like these three, and I am over being the bigger
person.” 
“What do you mean?” I saw something flit across Rowan’s face, but I couldn’t decipher it.
“I mean, I am an extremely power alpha that has bent over backwards to keep her wolf from striking out without a thought. Even though I am still fairly new to shifting, as I am
still in my first year, and I have very little time to run and bond with her, I have not killed Nina. And believe you me, it has been a fucking challenge. But I’m done holding back from this family.” I stalked back up to Nina, and I looked straight into her eyes. “Nina, I’m going to tell this to you and I really need you to look me in the eye and see that I mean every fucking word.” I waited until she nodded. “If you, your sister, your uncle, fuck, I don’t even care if it’s a distant cousin. If any of you interfere with my life again. If you or any of yours try to force me to do anything I don’t want to. If you come to me to mock or belittle me.” I
stepped, so I was in her face. “If you even come to me to tell me you won something, and
1/3
I’ll call for a Cath Báis.” I watched fear enter her eyes. “I’m over you showing up at my home, my classes, my training sessions. You have stalked me this entire year and I honestly
have zero idea why, but I’m done being nice. So I need you to really think about your next steps.” I looked at Nadine and then at Thinius. “Her life is in your hands, so choose wisely.” I turned away and Nadine snorted. I whirled around. “You think I’m joking? Do you think her life is a game?” I glanced at Rowan and his command lifted with a single
word. 1
“Speak.”
Nadine took a step. “No. But my sister and I have been training since we were pups. We know how to fight.”
I nodded, and I tilted my hand. “And who taught you how to fight? Was it your uncle? Your
father?”
“It was our father.” She smirked.
“Your father is what? Top fifty of fighters in the last battle. If I remember correctly, your father Tomen got rank forty eight. Am I right?”
Rowan stepped up next to me, crowding the family. “He actually was rank fifty–seventh, but then miraculously, nine fighters were disqualified by the council.” He glared and
Thinius. 1
“So not top fifty.” I turned to face her with my golden eyes. “My father was top five. My uncle was top ten.”
“She is being modest. Her father was second, losing only to me. And Ronnie was sixth in
the entire world.”
I pointed to him and nodded. Then I leaned in to Nadine and let Nix come out enough that her voice was heard. “My father and uncle beat your dad without even breaking a sweat. And the funniest part out of all of this? I was putting them on their backs when I was sixteen. Neither could fight me in hand to hand without doing damage, and that was before I started shifting.” I gave her a toothy smile. She reeled back from my face and I saw fear
2/3
Chapter 248
enter her eyes. “I would kill your sister within a minute, and that minute would be full of me shattering her body and toying with her just to get my point across.”
P
###Next D 249
Chapter 249 
Nina stumbled back, and Nadine went with her. “My king.” She cried out. “Are you really going to allow her to threaten us in front of you?”
Rowan seemed to think about it for a moment. Then he shook his head and turned to me. I saw a flash of triumph on Nadine’s face. I lifted a brow and Rowan smile. “Are you threatening them?”
“No, my king.” I grinned up at him. “I’m swearing an oath.” Another gasp went through the room. “I, Amy Maclean, swear that if anyone from this family provokes me in any way going forward, I will call for a Cath Báis. I will refuse any and all reconciliation methods brought forth by the council. Any more provocation will end in death, either Nina’s or my own. On this I swear.” I felt the world shift, the oath taking form.
“NO!” Nina dropped to her knees.
I drew in a breath of air, feeling lighter. Nix settled, and Megan rubbed her side against the barrier and then Nix, calming us both. Calm, sisters. Her voice was soft and comforting. The angrier you are, the harder it is to control the flame that changes our scent. And my mate is too close to slip up.
Nix huffed and closed her eyes, calming herself. You’re right, I’m sorry. She shook her fur and then laid down. It’s been harder to control my anger since we woke. But I will do better until we are clear of this mess. Megan gave a tiny nod, then went back to the flame.
“My king.” Thinius stepped closer, and that agitated Nix, so I turned my back on the trio and went back to the table.
“Please continue.” I smiled at the girl, frozen, with a tablet in her hand. “Don’t let my drama hold up yo chance.”
10 
The girl looked startled, but she tried to hand me back my tablet. “I shouldn’t.”
“Why not?” She looked over my shoulder.
“You were more of a queen than I could ever be.” She took a step, but I grabbed her hand gently and pulled her back.
“Whoever is meant to be queen is up to the king, and the goddess.” She tried to protest, but I held up my hand. “My parents raised me to be who I am today. Everything you just saw was learned behaviour. The only thing I have over you is power and rank, but in the matters of love and leadership, I am no better or worse than you are.” I raised my voice, turning to look at the faces of the women in front of me. “Please. I don’t want any of you here to decide that you are not worthy of being considered for the position of queen. I am neither worse nor better than any of you. And if the goddess and the king select you to be and you are just then, I will willingly follow you.” I turned back to the woman. “So please. Don’t let any of this drama stop you from putting your hat in the ring. You deserve to be considered just like everyone else here.”
I watched her think over what I said. “Do you really think so?”
queen,
I smiled back at her. “Of course I do. I don’t know what you were watching, but I threatened to kill someone.” More than a few of the women there laughed with me. “That doesn’t really scream queen material.” I could feel Rowan’s eyes on me, but I focused on the young woman. I pressed the tablet into her hands. “What is the worst that can happen? You don’t get to be queen?” I lifted a shoulder.
“I’ve been looking for my mate for a few years.” Her words were a whisper.
But I smiled and gave her a wink. “I think the goddess has the perfect plan for you. You just have to be patient.” She smiled and then started filling out the application again.
“My king.” Thinius called again. But I kept my back turned. “Are you seriously going to let her do this?”
“Do what?” Rowan’s words held an edge, but Thinius was too stupid to catch it.
“This! All these women are skipping our application process!” His face grew ruddy with his anger. “She is essentially skipping the council completely. As if we are nothing!” He yelled, still working himself up. “I won’t stand for it. My family won’t stand for it. The council
won’t stand for it.”
“Why does it matter?” Rowan crossed his arms.
“Because we already know who’s going to be the next queen! And none of these low bred classless whores are who the council selected.” Everyone turned, and the room grew silent. I covered my face with my hand to stop the laughter. He really is that fucking stupid. The silence grew. You could hear a pin drop, and the words finally registered in everyone’s mind. Nina and Nadine’s mouth dropped open, and I watched Thinius’s face drain of color
Rowan stilled. “What did you just say?”
###Next D 250
Chapter 250 
The room’s temperature dropped. Everyone stopped and stared at the two men, and not one person looked away. We were all watching this car accident as it happened. What did he just admit to? I tapped my fingers to my lips, still holding in my laugh, but then Nadine shot a glare to me and I lost it. 1
I keeled over and started laughing. Tears were streaming down my face as I pooped back up, and I had to hold the stitch in my side. “What’s so fucking funny about this girl?” Thinius sneered, and I wiped the tears from my eyes.
“You really are fucking stupid.” I wiped my face some more and sighed while I shook my head. “You would think with your age you have more intelligence, but here you are.” I waved my hand around and turned to face the crowd, then turned back. “Admitting to rigging the contest for queen, in front of the king, who you are forcing to select a mate when he wants to wait for his goddess given mate. You might as well just say that you all have banded behind his back to force him to bend to your will.” My smile dropped, and I brought an edge to my voice. “It’s almost like you’re saying that you’re committing treason by usurping the crown and the power for your council from the king in front of him.” I took a step. “But you can’t be THAT stupid, can you?”
“Yes, yes, I think he can be, in fact, that stupid.” Rowan’s voice was deadly.
“My king, that isn’t what I meant at all.” He waved his hands up in surrender.
“Then what did you mean? Explain it to me as if I am as stupid as you seem to think I am.” I heard him swallow from here. 
“My king…” He looked around and settled his eyes on me. “As your council members, we have an obligation to ensure the woman you mate with is the best of the best. We look at everything: rank, family, affluence, influence and how this woman will interact with not only us, but with our pack.” He pointed at me. “Look at Amy.” I growled, but he continued. “She is short–tempered. Her father was a traitor.” That did it.
I charged and grabbed him around his neck. “Say it again.” I squeezed. “I fucking dare you
?/1.
to say it again.”
Rowan came over and wrapped his hand around my wrist. “Let him go.” I snapped my eyes to his. My golden eyes burned and I can only assume hurt was reflected there because he
recoiled a bit. “Please.”
I dropped Thinius onto the ground. “I’ll give Nina this one.” I dropped down next to the coughing man. “But just this one. Say anything about my father or mother again, and today will end with a mourning howl.” I stood and stomped away.
Rowan helped Thinius to his feet. “Why did you call Gavin a traitor?” His words were loud as he called the man out.
“My lord, he was the reason your father died.”
Rowan growled this time. “No, my father died because the council redirected his army last minute and his guards were betrayed.” He got in his face. “But I find it interesting that you blamed Gavin when I was a child, so much so that I believed you. But Gavin was in his own pack, saving his family, and dealing with the loss of his men and women. He was nowhere near the royal pack.”
I settled back against the table. “Are we going to blame any wolf that protects his family instead of the king, even if he is over a thousand miles away? Can I blame you for the attack on my father’s pack that got him killed?” There was a subtle twitch in Thinius’s eye that had my stomach clenching. He had something to do with it.
Rowan caught my eye and gave a tiny head shake. He was telling me to let it go for now, but he saw it too. I gave the slightest nod in agreement, then he turned back. “That isn’t fair.” Thinius puffed up his cheeks and crossed his arms. “I was nowhere near your father’s land.”
“Exactly.” I shook my head. “So keep my father’s name from your lips.”
“Anyway.” Rowan shook his head. “I want to go back to the fact that the council has already selected my mate.” He glowered. “You don’t get to select my mate, Thinius. No one does. You get to offer options, but I choose if I will even meet with them.” Thinius eyes
narrowed, but then he gave a tiny nod.
“Fine. This is done. She can continue this futile attempt at applications. The council knows they made the right selection. Let’s go girls.” He turned to leave, but I couldn’t let it end
like this.
“Actually, I don’t think this is finished.” Everyone turned to look at me and I looked down at my nails. “According to the old laws, put in place by your father, a council member needs to take an oath to stay out of power struggles, pack issues, and remove themselves from rank structures all together. They’re also not allowed to use their aura or command on unranked wolves without their alpha’s present and consent.” I looked around. “The only alphas here are not pack leaders. And he broke his vow.” I met his eyes and saw when I said the last words. “The punishment for breaking this vow is expulsion from the council.”
P
Comments
Support
Share
2 Bonus 
###Next D 251
Chapter 251 
I watched as my words hit, and he staggered. “No.”
The smile on my face was sweet as I took a step. “Oh, yes.” I took another. “You see, my
father, the one you said was lucky to be dead, he made sure I knew the rules. He made sure I
was a dutiful wolf. One who followed the new laws, but protected those she cared about
with knowledge of every law in play.” I let my smile turn into a shit–eating grin. “And that
includes the duties and oaths that the council took to ensure the safety and unity of our
people.” I looked at Rowan. “These people are a bunch of bullies. I wouldn’t be surprised if their entire family has become like this. Bullying others all because of Thinius’s power and influence, because he allowed them to.”
Rowan looked at them, and I watched the idea form in his mind. “Is this true?”
I snorted. “Rowan, do you think he is going to just admit it?”
Rowan focused on Thinius, and I watched sweat spring to his forehead. “Thinius, do you allow your family to use your status as a council member, to bully or command others to do their bidding?” I felt the force of the command, but I was confused. I didn’t understand
why it took so much out of him to command Thinius. 2
I watched the man tremble, trying to evade telling the truth. Blood trickled out of his mouth and I shook my head. I slammed my aura out. “Thinius, I command you to answer
the question and if you decide to bite your tongue instead of answering, I will invoke a Cath Báis, and make you watch as I pull Nina and Nadine apart, limb from limb.” I let my threat
hang in the air. I meant every word of it. O
“You wouldn’t.” Nadine’s eyes flashed with the first hint of worry, and I tilted my head and
grinned.
“Oh I would. And I would take my time with it too.”
“You’re a monster.” She whispered, but I heard a few girls behind me giggle.
“I’m a monster?” I slapped my hand against my chest. “But I haven’t done anything. I have
brake1/30
‘spent the last nine months dealing with your sister. I have allowed her to bully me, take
advantage of my kindness, attack me. Even you came here and tried to demand things from me while
you mocked me and I have let it all roll off my shoulder. But now, now I’ve decided to collect.” I turned my focus on Thinius. “Make your decision. Either way, we will know the truth today.”
Nina shook, but she rallied. “How do you figure?”
your
I laughed. “Your family is so used to people falling in line, but you forget, there is always someone bigger, stronger, or more vicious. I just so happen to be all three. If Thinius here decides to cut out his tongue, then I will kill you two, anyway. And then I’ll start with parents. And then their parents. And I will command the truth from them one by one.” I sucked my teeth. “One of them will fold. One of them will think their life is worth more than keeping Thinius here on the council.‘
I watched as Thinius paled. “You wouldn’t.”
“But I would. My father taught me to put my king above all. Something you seemed to forget. If you and the council have been playing games, and abusing your power, that puts our king in the line of fire. And that is something I won’t allow.”
I waited, cleaning my fingernails as everyone else digested my words. “She’s right.” A voice came from the crowd and then more and more murmurs of agreement.
I flicked my eyes to Rowan, and he was still struggling with his command. So I focused all of my aura on to Thinius. “Answer your king.” My command was thick with power, fully focused on him, and I watched as his power folded.
“Yes.” His voice was weak, and blood poured from his lips. I could see his wolf healing the serrated parts of his tongue, and I shook my head. Stupid man.
“What did you say?” Rowan’s voice dropped.
“Speak up
for your king.” I turned to Toya, and I gave her a thumbs up when I saw her still recording. “I think he deserved the truth. And since you are always so loud with your opinion, your honesty should be just as loud.” I got a few more yeses from the crowd.
Chapter 251
Every one was on pins and needles. You could feel the crowd surge a little closer to hear the next few sentences out of his mouth. “Yes!” He screamed it and a look of defiance crossed his features. “Yes, I allowed my family to use my name, my influence, to do what they needed to. If they needed to win a contract, I was called in to finalize it. If someone hurt
someone, killed someone, I fixed it.”
###Next D 252
Chapter 252
I felt
my eyes narrow, and so did Rowan’s. “Fixed it how?”
I watched him fight, but it was no use. “I did whatever I needed to.” Then he did something I never thought I would see. He slammed his teeth together. I heard the crunch and winced. He broke a couple teeth fighting my command. But then he dropped to the ground and started to convulse. His eyes flashed to his wolf’s, and I saw hatred in its eyes. “You will regret this, pup.” His words sounded like his mouth was filled with rocks, and I knew something was wrong. He convulsed more, and his eyes faded. The light that was just present vanished.
I walked closer and then dropped to my knees. Nina and Nadine started to scream as they realized the same thing I just did. I turned back to Rowan. “He’s dead.”
Rowan came over and dropped next to me. “What the fuck do you mean, he’s dead?”
I cracked open his jaw and hissed as his saliva dribbled past his lips. I yanked back my thumb and watched the skin bubble. “Fuck.” The smell of burned flesh and a small puff of smoke drifted from
my thumb.
“What the hell is that?” Toya walked over and looked at my thumb, phone still recording in my hand.
“Silver.” Rowan and I answered at the same time.
“Why is there silver in his mouth?”
I grabbed his chin, keeping my fingers away from the dribble of saliva, and cracked his jaw open. “Rowan, use your cellphone and shine it into here.” I looked into his mouth once the light was on and I could see the shattered remains of all his molars. Silver was burning trails into the flesh of his mouth. “He had fake teeth implanted with liquid silver.‘
“What are you talking about? There is no liquid silver. That’s mercury, and it was a hoax.” Nadine sniffled, but I ignored her.
Rowan looked at me. “She is right.”
I shook my head. “This is tiny slivers of silver suspended in a liquid, most likely an oil. But it’s there. You can see the reflection of the tiny particles in the burns.” I tilted the head and let Rowan look inside of his mouth.
“Why would he do this?” Rowan looked at me, and for the first time I could see the lost teenager that had to take over as king far too young.
“Because he had a secret, he couldn’t let out. And he was willing to die to keep it.” I let his face fall and turned to Rowna. “Call and have someone clean this up. There are students here that are going to start freaking out soon.” I nodded to the crowd behind him.
He nodded and pulled out his phone. “I need you to come here and clean up after a body. No blood, but silver is present, so wear gloves.” He glanced up at the two women huddled together. “Also, I want Thinius’s family pulled in for questioning.” There was a pause. “All of them.” He hummed in agreement a few times and then stood. “I will personally interview them.” Then he hung up.
“My king!” Nina called out, but he raised his hand and turned to me. “I need your to keep this table opened. But I will postpone the selection process until this is handled.” I nodded and he turned to address the women. “Ladies, I know this is an ugly scene. But I really want all of you to continue to apply. I don’t want this to stop you from getting your chance at being queen. I understand though, if this is too much for you.” He bowed and then turned to Nadine and Nina. “You two are obviously disqualified from applying. And Nadine, you are removed from your duties with the council from this moment on.” 1
“Please Rowan, don’t do this to me. I love you.” Nina begged, dropping to her knees.
Nadine paled further. “You can’t do this. I’m in line for my uncle’s seat on the council.” She shook her head is disbelief.
But Rowan just snorted. “I can do this. You are lucky that your family isn’t being cast out for being traitors.” Rowan wiped his face. “Yet.”
“Yet…” The threat hung on her lips. I saw panic flash in her eyes. “You can’t mean that.‘
“But I do.” Rowan stepped closer to her. “Your uncle has proven himself to be a coward and a traitor for taking his life instead of being honest. And that makes me feel like your clan is hiding something. If I find out what it is, all of you will be cast out to live as rogues.” The two women gasped, but Rowan focused on Nina. “If you actually loved me, Nina, you wouldn’t have acted this way. You have proven time and time again that you are self- centered and conniving. Someone not worthy of being queen.” Rowan turned away, and the two women crumpled to the floor.
###Next D 253
Chapter 253
The rest of the day passed in a rush. Guards showed up to take care of Thinius and Rowan stuck around to talk to the ladies, applying to be his wife. I did my best to ignore him, and Brandon did his best to always be in between us. The effort he put in to keeping us separate was almost amusing. I kept an eye on him, not trusting him for a minute, but the day got busy.
“Here.” Toya handed me a drink, and I nearly cried. I was so thirsty.
“Thank you.” I chugged the bottle down. “Who knew this was going to be this busy?”
Toya leveled me with a look, and I just laughed. “Come on. This was always going to be a huge event, but with Rowan actually here, it was bound to get insane.”
I chuckled. “Your right. Thankfully, we are almost done.” I stretched, then I looked at the last of the girls at the table. A few were still filling out the form, and the rest were hanging around at Rowan, seated at the end of the table.
“Yeah. I just want to crawl into
my
bed.”
I shook my head. “I’m going to head home, and get into a nice hot bath with the jets on, then I’m going to curl up in bed and watch trashy human reality tv to fall asleep too. I haven’t watched the newest season of Lust Isle. I can’t wait for the drama.” I licked my lips, feeling the dryness there. My throat had gone dry too. I rubbed my neck. “Is there any more water?”
“Yeah, give me a sec.” Toya grabbed another bottle, and I chugged this one down, too. “Better?”
I felt heat rise up my back, and I groaned a little. Something was wrong. Nix and Megan came out of the forest, panting. Something is wrong. Nix was breathless.
So much need, so much heat. Megan laid down with a thump. Her fur rippled with shivers that were racking her body.
“Toya?”
“Yeah?” She came closer, sniffing. “Amy?” Her voice held concern, causing both men there
to look my way. I saw a flash of worry on Rowan’s face, but it was the barely hidden triumph on Brandon’s face that hit me like a punch to the gut.
“Where did we get these waters?” I whispered to Toya, and I watched her think.
“I don’t know, they just showed up.” Toya turned and called Wendy. “Hey.” She ran over and we all huddled together. “Where did the water come from?”
“Most of it, I brought, but a few Brandon brought himself. Why?” Wendy looked at me, and we all remembered Lynn’s call at the same time. “Oh, fuck Amy.” Her hands reached my face, and they were blessedly cool.
“Get me out of here. Now.” I started to pant, and Rowan’s eyes narrowed in my direction. I watched as both men took in a deep breath. Rowan’s eyes went wide. But Brandon looked like he was waiting.
He’s not strong enough to smell the heat coming on. Rowan is. Nix panted as she settled on her side. Her body was dancing like Megan’s now. Any movement was hard to control. Get home and lock the door before you make a decision you will regret later.
Toya ran over to the other girls and whispered something, and Rowan stood, making his way over to me. “Are you not feeling okay?”
He was giving me an out, and I was thankful for it. “No, I’m not. I’m going to head home. The girls will finish up here.” Rowan’s nostrils flared, and his eyes flashed to his wolf’s. Nix and Megan both gave a low mournful howl, almost begging, and I knew I had little time.
Brandon was randomly at my side. “I’ll take you home.” He wrapped his arm around my waist and I shivered. Any touch was making my skin dance, but his made my stomach crawl. 
Toya came back over and tried to pull me from his arm. “Thanks Brandon, but honestly me
and Wendy have her. Plus, you aren’t allowed up to the apartments, so you won’t be able to bring her home.” She smiled as she tugged again, but he was holding strong.
“That’s okay. I can just take her to my room to rest,” Megan growled at the thought. She
was pissed, but I was confused. This was her mate.
I’m…over…him. She panted. Not…worthy.
“It’s fine, Brandon. Amy wants to go home. She will feel more comfortable there.” Wendy smiled and grabbed my other arm, but still he wouldn’t let me go,
“Then I will go with her to the apartments and she can give me permission to go up to her place.” He leaned in and I felt his nose graze my neck, and I shuddered. He grinned in triumph again, but it wasn’t need that made me shudder but disgust.
I looked up to Rowan, who was watching my reaction and I could see the hurt there; he thought I wanted him. I mouthed ‘Help Me‘ to him, letting the panic enter my eyes, and he finally understood. Something was wrong.
###Next D 254
Chapter 254
“Alpha Brandon. While I appreciate you wanting to help your…friend. Toya and Wendy have
Amy covered. If you want to help so much, you can stay here with me and the others to help Amy close out the table.” I nearly sagged with relief when he finally understood.
I felt Brandon tense, because he didn’t want to let me go, but once Rowan said he was staying here too, he relaxed. “Sure, my king, I would do anything to help Amy.” He reluctantly let me go, then turned to me. “I’ll help everyone close down the table, then I’ll stop by your place with everything.” He was so sure that I would let him up.
Nix panted some more. If we were weaker, this would work, but Megan and I are fighting the kudzu. Be alone by the time we lose control or else you will lose all your self respect, regardless of the male.
Her words were a warning that I knew I had to take seriously. “Thank you.” But I won’t be answering. I kept those words to myself. Then Wendy and Toya led me out of the building. As soon as we hit outside, I turned to them. “I need you guys to get me home and then lock me down.”
Toya and Wendy looked worried. “We can’t overpower you. You’re too strong.” Panic settled in again.
“Just get me home. We can worry about everything else when we get there.” They nodded and we ran to Toya’s car. Toya pulled out of the car park and flew home. She slammed into the parking spot as I groaned. The heat was becoming unbearable.
“Let’s go.” Wendy tried to pull me from the back seta and her hands slipped down my arm, causing me to shiver and moan. She paled. “Amy, I need you to help.” But I was too far gone.
“Move.” Sterling’s voice came from behind and my friends screamed. “Sorry.” He looked sheepish, but eased Wendy out of the way. Then he pointed to the two boxes on the ground. “Grab those, I’ll get her.” He had me in his arms in seconds. “Let’s go. We don’t have much time.”
“She is going into heat, isn’t she?” Toya ran next to Sterling to the elevator. He nodded. “Why isn’t it bothering you?”
“I’m happily mated.” He swallowed, but it was louder than it should be. I glanced up and even in my haze, I could see the sweat beading on his forehead. “But even so, it is affecting
me.” He looked down. “She is too powerful for it not to affect me.‘
>>
Toya and Wendy looked at each other, and then we all got into the elevator. “What are we going to do?” Wendy looked pained. “We won’t be able to stop her if she tries to leave.” Sterling keyed in a code, and the elevator shot straight up. “What’s happening?”
“I bypassed the floors. Even if someone is waiting for an elevator, we will be going straight to the penthouse floor.” I nearly sobbed in relief.
We were at my door in seconds, and Toya fished my key out of my pocket. She unlocked the door, and Sterling walked straight to the bedroom. “Where are you going?”
“To her bed, where she will be the most comfortable.” His words had them both freezing for a moment and then chasing after us. His words barely registered with me, though. My entire world and whittled down to my skin. My skin pressed to Sterling’s chest plate. The soft breeze ruffling my hair. My sweat dripping down my neck. All of it was a world of new sensations. And I was lost to it. “Put the boxes down and open them. Hurry, she is close to losing control.”
“How do you know?” Wendy’s voice seemed too far away.
“Because her scent is changing.” Sterling’s voice was tight, like he was fighting. “Now hurry.” a
There was a thud and a soft clanking. Sterling laid me down on my bed and the soft blankets stroked my skin, sending sensations down my body. I moaned, the soft contact pushing my sanity closer and closer to the edge.
I
I caught a musky scent and leaned up to it, but it was wrong. All of this was wrong. cracked my eyes and Sterling’s face was pale, but determined. “Sterling, help me.” I could hear the begging in my voice, and he closed his eyes for a second.
“We are helping you. Lay back down, Amy.” He pushed my shoulder down and the touch sent my skin dancing. Another moan escaped my lips as I closed my eyes. And I smiled. It didn’t matter he had a mate, or a pup, I just needed his hands on me. Then I felt something soft wrap around my wrist and pull tight. I felt another on my other hand. Then a soft clink of metal and then he was gone.
Chapter 255
###Next D 255
Chapter 255
My eyes snapped open, and I saw Wendy and Toya staring at me from the end of my bed, and Sterling’s back running out the door. “No!” I screamed after him. “Come back.” But I heard my front door shutting, and I wanted to cry.
“What do you need, Amy?” Wendy came closer. “We will get you anything.”
In my mind, I knew she was trying to be helpful, but my heart, my body, wasn’t listening. I just started crying. “It hurts.” The heat became unbearable, and I rolled over my bed, doing my best to relieve a tiny bit of of the pain. I snapped my eyes open to my friends. “Water.” I was parched, the need was burning through every ounce of actual thought. I just needed to be cooled. To get relief in any way possible. Wendy nodded and ran out of the room. She came back with a big glass of cold water and helped me drink it. The cool water gave me a tiny bit of pleasure. The dryness of my throat disappearing for a second, before coming back stronger. I moaned longer and pushed her away. I looked at Toya. “Bath?”
“You want a hot bath?” She started out of the room, but I called out.
“Cold.”
She turned around. “A cold bath?” I nodded, desperate for the tiny bit of relief the glass of water gave me. She went straight into my bathroom and filled the tub.
I looked back at Wendy and jiggled the thick chains around my wrists. Understanding dawned on her face. “Silver. The chains, I mean. To keep you safe.” She swallowed. “To keep you from making a mistake.” I started to cry and I couldn’t tell you if it was because I wasn’t going to jump the next male who called me, or if my friends loved me enough to stop me from making a mistake, I knew I would regret. “They will reach the bathroom.” She continued, ignoring my tears. “We made sure before we locked you up, so you can go to the bathroom and stuff. So you will be able to have your bath without unlocking the chains.” I cried harder. But she kept herself away from me. I didn’t blame her. “The king…” She kept talking, but my world focused down on those two words. The king.
Rowan. I needed Rowan.
Toya came back into the room and the two women helped me into the bathroom. They helped me undress, but froze when they realized something. “We can’t remove your shirt without cutting it.”
I looked at them and smiled. “I’m under control. You can take off the chains.” I sounded reasonable, but in my mind, I knew I was on the edge. If they unlocked me, I was running back to Rowan.
“Really?” Wendy stepped closer, and I smiled as I nodded.
“Of course.” I jiggled my wrist and waited. In my mind, I was begging them to believe me. Please Goddess, believe me. But Toya snorted and my hope fell.
“Nice try.” She sliced her claw through my shirt and it fell away. “I’m going to leave you in your bra and underwear.” She circled my back and gasped.
“What?” Wendy came and looked.
“When she was hurt, I was focused on the wounds. And it was dark. But seeing her tattoo in the light, after seeing Nix and Megan, it looks amazing.” Wendy agreed and then they helped me out of my pants. The cool bathroom air touching my skin made it pebble. This was torture. The heat was unbearable, but the tiny caresses made it so much worse.
Every shift, every breeze, made the heat go up another notch. I was sure that you could see steam coming from my pores. Feel it rise off me in a haze like in the desert. I was boiling, and no one seemed to care. I cried out, but my friends just helped me into the freeze water. I screamed, but then held myself down.
“I’m so sorry.” Wendy cried. I could smell the saltiness of her tears, but I ignored them. Why was she crying when I was the one dying?
“Let me out, please.” I begged. The pain from the hot and cold was short circuiting my body. My skin felt like it was being ripped from my body and I started to scream. Toya and Wendy held me down in the freezing water, begging me to understand, but I was lost to the heat. To my need.
Until I wasn’t.
My mind cleared enough to finally understand they were helping me. I stopped fighting them and sunk lower into the water. I could hear their panting, smell the scent of blood, and I looked up. “I’m sorry.” My voice was a thick rasp. Like I had hurt my throat from 
screaming.
My phone rang, but we ignored it. But the front door of my place opened and footsteps ran
through my place. And we all froze. I heard panting and then a dark, “Get out.”
###Next D 256
Chapter 256
We all froze. The words, the voice, it all connected to a deep part of our consciousness that told us to flee. I looked to the door and I saw Rowan standing there, nearly vibrating. “I said get out.” His voice was low, his need burning right under the surface of calm he was trying to project.
Nix and Megan both started to pur. They were content with this choice. Rowan could help with our heat, our need. I tried to stay a little clear of it, but their need lapped at my resolve. I grabbed for Toya and Wendy. “What should I do?” My whisper broke the thick silence, worry clear in my voice.
Toya turned. “My King, Amy, isn’t in her right mind. Please leave before you both make a mistake.”
His eyes shifted to his wolf and his voice dropped to a level that made my skin shiver. “I won’t take advantage of her.”
“I never said you would. But she might force the…um, potential mating.” Wendy tried to smile.
His eyes met mine and I could see his needs. It matched my own, and in that moment I was no longer scared. This is what I wanted. “What happened?” Toya looked to me and I nodded. I couldn’t form coherent sentences any longer. My mind, my body focused purely on the need that was running along my skin. I needed to be touched, licked, kissed. I needed his body next to mine. Now. My eyes latched onto Rowan. I felt need gather at the apex of my thighs, staring at him. He was gorgeous. “Kudzu?” That caught my attention. I realized the conversation had continued when I lost focus. He walked closer to me and my only thought was to jump up and climb him like a tree. I needed to get close. “She is this affected by the poison?” Both my friends nodded, but I could remove my eyes from his. “She shouldn’t be this bad.”
“Wy not?” Wendy came closer. I think she noticed my hands rubbing the edge of the tub and she could tell I was fighting the need to get out.
1/2
“It usually only affects a person who has fully mated with their mate. It is to help couples struggling with fertility.”
Wendy and Toya looked at each other. “She hasn’t mated with anyone yet.”
I watched his face close down before he asked the next question. He was hiding something, and that made it through the fog of need I was feeling. “Has she met someone she wants to mate with yet?”
Toya looked at him a confused looked. “Yes.” She looked at Wendy. His face grew angrier.
“Who?” His one word was a splash of cold water on my face.
“My King…” Toya started, but I stood.
“You can’t be this stupid Rowan.” I could feel the anger rising and it pushed back the need I was entranced by.
His eyes seemed to glow. “Who is it, rabbit?” His voice held an edge, and I wanted to scream. I stood in a rush, water trailing down my mostly naked body, and his eyes glowed. But I was pissed as I turned to my friends.
“Get this idiot out of my house. If he wants to pretend to be this stupid, or for the sake of our realm, I hope he isn’t, but if he is this stupid, I do not want to deal with him at this moment. Get him out.”
Rowan growled, and Toya stepped in front of me, blocking his view. “My King, I have to ask you to leave.” She pushed him out of the door, and he seemed to want to fight, but then he took a step back. And then another. I settled back into the freezing water as he left, closing the door behind my air, and I looked up to Wendy,
I could already feel the tears hot trail on my cheeks. “I’m the idiot.” I choked out before her arms came around me.
She rubbed my back and I silently cried before we heard a commotion outside. “You really are that fucking stupid.” We both froze when we heard Toya tore into him.
“What did you just say?” Rowan’s word were dark.
“I’m saying this because I like you. You have grown to be my friend these last months, so I want to give you a fraction of sense.” I heard a growl come from Rowan, but Toya wasn’t done. “You are yelling at Amy like this was her fault, but Brandon put kudzu into her drinks, hoping that she would falter and mate him. But you, you come in here and accuse her like she isn’t the victim. You yell and point fingers because she wants to mate someone. But you are too stupid to understand the person she wants to mate with is you!” There was silence. “But she knows your wolf wants someone else, and she can’t force you to want her
back.”
“What?”
Don’t play stupid. She has told you this herself. But you always seem to forget!”
###Next D 257
Chapter 257 
That made me stop. He always forgets. Just like he never saw my emails. My texts or calls. I close my eyes and drop my head to my knees. “I am stupid.”
“What do you mean?” Wendy crouched.
“He hasn’t seen any of my calls, my text, my emails all disappeared.” I turned my face towards her. “I thought it was just someone hacking his stuff. But what if it’s more?”
“More how?”
“What if it’s magic? Or what if it is someone close to him and magic? Because Toya is right. I have made it clear I like him, and now he’s questioning who I want to be with. It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Unless magic is involved…”
I nodded and wiped my face as the door opened again. I closed my eyes and took a breath before I faced him. “It’s me.” His words were soft, and I just nodded. He staggered closer. “Toya said you told me you liked me…”
I bit back a moan as the heat came surging back. I drew in a shaky breath and up, slipping deeper into the water. “Yeah, in a way.”
He looked confused as he came to the edge of the tub, sinking to the floor next to me. “Explain.”
“When you were here last…” I had to stop for a minute, dunking under the cold water to clear my head. “You told me you liked me, but your wolf wanted someone else. And I told you that you were mine, and I meant it.” I dunked myself again. “But my wolf also wants someone else. And we both decided forcing our wolves to settle for each other would be cruel.” 
“Who does your wolf want?”
“I don’t know who the human is, just the wolf.” I struggled as the heat ate away at my sanity.
“Who is the wolf?”
“Er-” I tried to answer. I did, but the heat surged and I was lost to it. My mind shattered with need and I was left panting, moaning, splashing the water everywhere. I slipped deeper into the tub, water closing over my head, cutting off my air. I tried to scream, but the water slipped past my lips. O
“Amy.” He grabbed for me, pulling me from the water before I could drown. I coughed up a mouth full of water. Then the heat was back, and my mind left me again. I grabbed his collar, using it to help me gain purchase on him. I wrapped my arm around his neck and then my lips were on his. My chains were a passing inconvenience, but I felt him shiver as the wet metal slid against his skin.
His groan was filled with need, and it gave me access to slip my tongue against his. His lips were heaven, and I moaned as I felt his hands move over me. I needed him; I needed him more than air. He pulled back and I cried out. “Please.”
He stared at me, and I saw him warring with himself. “We can’t Amy.”
I started crying. He was right. I knew he was right. “I’m sorry.” I tried to push him but his hands tightened on me. “Put me back in the water.”
He shook his head. “I can’t put you in there.”
away,
“If you can’t touch me, if you can’t help relieve me, then put me back in the water.” I looked up into his eyes. “I can’t think with you here. I want you. I need your touch.” I watched his eyes widen. “I crave your skin against mine, your lips, your tongue. I will die without your body against mine, and I know it’s not what you want.” I angrily swiped at another tear. “I know you don’t want me. So please, put me back into the water and leave.”
“I can’t.” He sounded unhinged.
“This is torture. Do you not understand that? This physically hurts me. I ache for you, and
you are refusing to help, and I know in my mind it isn’t fair, but right this second, I’m not fair, or rational. And you are right. I might regret it in the morning. Not waiting for my mate, but I wouldn’t regret being with you.” I grabbed his face and kissed his lips one more time. Then I stood on shaking legs. “Now, before the heat takes over again, I need you to leave. Because you would regret being with me. And that is okay. But it hurts.”
I climbed back into the tub and gasped as the freezing water wrapped around my heated skin once again. “I…I…” I just held up my hand. “It wouldn’t be like that, Amy.”
I looked at him with tears in my eyes, and I watched him track the b
that fell. “You don’t have to lie to make me feel better. You just have to get out.” Then I sank under the water, leaving only my nose above the water. And I waited to hear his steps fade as the heat took me under again.
###Next D 258
Chapter 258 
My heat took a full week to disappear. And the entire time cried for Rowan, I needed his touch, but I was left alone chained to the wall of my bedroom. The pain was excruciating, but it still never compared to the pain of giving birth, which I still remembered viscerally. But both now and then paled to having my new born pup laying on my chest struggling to breathe only to be ripped from me.
I wanted to be mad at Rowan. I actually wanted to hate him I laid in my bed, burning from the heat, the pain setting my nerves on fire, knowing that his touch, anyone’s touch, would save me. But he was right. I would have regretted it after it was said and done. I screamed all day, all night. I couldn’t eat, I barely slept. Wendy and Toya were there to help with anything I needed.
Micca and Hanna came and visited, but they handled everything out of the apartment for me. Ensuring everything was in place for the start of the second year. They handled the shopping, the rumors, everything that might pop up, they handled. They also brought the girls‘ dinner, so they didn’t have to leave me.
Which I was thankful for. Because the only sleep I got the entire week was when one of them held me through the night. They dealt with my sobs, my anger, my pleading. Through it all, they were understanding. The first couple of days, they tried to talk to me about Rowan, but I had to ask them eventually if they could stop.
The heat came in waves; I went from sobbing uncontrollably, begging someone to help me to having a small break to pull myself together. The back–and–forth swing was so violent, so fast, it was wrecking havoc on my system. I went from hot flash to freezing. Excruciating pain to numbness. I had flashes of memories when the heat faded enough for me to be coherent, to a weird jumbled memories of freezing water, crying and full need.
On the morning of the seventh day, I woke up, cool to the touch and coherent enough to crack my eyes open and sit up. Toya shifted, rolling over to look at me. “Good morning.” I looked at my best friend and I broke down. ” Amy, what’s wrong?” She pushed up from the bed and wrapped her arm around my shoulder.
I laughed. “What’s wrong?” I looked at her. “What’s right, Toya?”
“What do you mean?” She was looking at me like I was a bomb that might go off at any moment.
And for the last week I was. I felt guilt crawl up my throat. “Our families are in hiding. My mom is surrounded by men trying to control her. We are stuck here at school. Someone is working with the rogues to overthrow our king, and I just spent the last week begging a man to want me.” I closed my eyes and shook my head. “We still don’t know why Thinus killed himself instead of coming clean, and I have a feeling that everything is going to get a lot worse before it gets any better.”
Toya sighed but rubbed my arm. “Yeah. I have the same feeling, but you are worried about everything all at once. Let’s get up and regroup. Make a solid plan. We have class starting tomorrow, too.” I groaned and wiped at my face. I couldn’t focus on this right now. “Are you okay now? She turned my face and looked closely. “I think you’re past everything. How are you actually feeling, body wise?”
I thought for a moment and then sighed. “My mind is going a million miles a minute, but physically? I’m a little sore, tired, starving, and I could probably chug a bathtub worth of water. It could be worse.” I pushed back the covers and stood, stretching. The cool air touched my naked skin, and I shivered. I looked down to see I was still in just my underwear. I turned to look at Toya and I gestured to my body.
She laughed. “You have no idea how hard it was to keep you in this.” She stood. “Now go shower. For someone that spent a week in the tub, you stink.”
I slapped my hand on my chest. “That hurts.” She laughed again and pushed me towards the bathroom.
“Fully shower, your hairy ass legs gave me rug burn.”
“Wow, your mean in the morning.” I called as I walked into the washroom. I turned the water as hot as I could
1/2
26 BONUS
Chapter 258
take it, then I stripped. I turned to face the mirror and shook my head. I looked like I lost twenty pounds. I stepped under the spray and settled my racing mind. “How are you wo doing?” 
My wolves staggered from the woods, skinnier than they were before. We need to talk. Nix’s words held a new bite.
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT NOW
% 
###Next D 259
Chapter 259 
“Yeah, I think it’s time we do.” I grabbed the shampoo and start on my hair. “Obviously, this last week has been hell.” Both of her wolves agreed. Nix and Megan stumbled over to the clearing where my magic lived. Once they were close, they laid down, as if drawing strength from her center.
We are tired. Megan sighed. This has been hell. Nix snorted and rolled her eyes.
“Say what you need to say.” I rinse my hair and focused on my Lycan. “I know you have something to say.”
She sighed. I like Rowan, we both do. She started and I could feel it. She was holding back.
“Come on Nix. Just say what’s on your mind.”
She took a deep breath. Okay. Fine. When we woke up after dying, we swore we would never allow another man to make us beg. We agreed we would push men to the side and focus on what matters.
Nix stop. Megan shook her head.
“No. It’s fine.” I shook my head. I took a giant glob on conditioner and threaded it through my curls. “We need to be open and honest with each other. Otherwise, we might end up almost dying again.” 
Nix stood, and she started to pace on shaky legs. I’m not going to say that this was your fault, Amy. We all played the part in this fucking mess.
Nix! Megan stood.
“Let her say her peace.” I started to shave my legs. Megan turned her back on Nix and laid down again, closer to the planter. I realized almost as an afterthought that my little plant was growing bigger.
Nix growled and I could see her fighting herself, but she settled, and I could see the resolution in her eyes. What happened during our heat, you crying after Rowan like he was the solution, was pathetic. We swore off men and here you were crying after a man who has told you time and time again that he wants you, but not enough to go against his wolf.
I nodded and waited for her to continue, but she sat down. “Are you done?”
Yes. She glared back at me.
“Good.”
Wait. Megan stood and stalked closer to Nix.
“Megan.”
No, she got to say her peace, and now it’s my turn. Then you can weigh in. I was a little taken aback. Megan was standing up to both of us. But she growled, loudly. You are both stupid, so if I have to stand up to you, I will.
Nix just looked at her, a little stunned. Okay, Megan. We are listening.
First, I don’t think either of us has any right to say anything to Amy. Nix reeled back. You were stupid enough to think you could handle the magic on your own and you made me promise not to fucking tell Amy, and we both almost died because of it. We were so vulnerable to the kudzu because of our stupidity, not Amy’s. Megan stalked closer, getting into Nix’s face. And now you are here saying that she is pathetic. Aren’t you the same? Every time you see Erubus, you roll over. You pretend to stand your ground, say that he has to work for you, but the truth is you run from him. You aren’t brave enough to chance what happened to us because of Brandon. At least Amy put
herself out there. She told Rowan she liked him. But you just pretend to be so much more put together, but the truth is you’re afraid.
7/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 259
Megan. Nix’s voice was dark.
No, don’t try to shut me up. I’m tired of pretending. You disappeared into the forest because Erubus disappeared and then Rowan was acting like a dickhead. You were hurt and instead of talking to us; you pulled away. You say Amy is pathetic, but she is the only reason we are still alive. And you are just as infatuated as she is.
“Megan…” I called, but she was mad. Really mad.
No Amy. I need to say this. She whirled on Nix. Amy was poisoned by kudzu, and we were all affected. But don’t fucking stand here and pretend that Amy was the only one calling after some man.
Megan, you need to watch yourself here. Nix stood back up on to her feet. She towered over Megan, but my gamma wolf didn’t even flinch.
“Megan, it’s okay.” I tried to calm her down, but I watched her fur bristle.
She looked towards the barrier between us and shook her head. It’s not okay. Not for one fucking second it this okay. She turned back to Nix and growled. You are the reason we were took weak to fight the kudzu. You were the reason we were in this mess.
Shut up! Nix growled.
Why? Because you don’t want Amy to know that when she was burning with need for Rowan, being pathetic, as you called it. You were rolling around this fucking clearing, calling for Erubus?
2/2
###Next D 260
Chapter 260 
The world stopped for a minute, and then my wolves were lunging for each other. I slipped on the tub, slicing my leg as I struggled to reach for them. I turned inwards, sending myself into my mind, chasing after my wolves.” Stop.” I called as I reached the carrier, but they were fighting each other, and they were vicious. I pushed through the separation and ran to my clearing, diving between the two, earning myself a few bites in the process before they realized I was there. “I said stop!” I screamed as both latched onto me, and then jumped back.
“Amy!” both of them called as they realized, and I dropped to my knees. Blood poured from my shoulder and my hip where they bit. Nix circled. “You are so fricken stupid.” She licked the wound at my shoulder, the one higher up where she got me. The blood slowed and Megan stepped up, cleaning the wound on my hip.
“I’m sorry I didn’t notice you jumped in.” Megan went back to cleaning the wound.
“Don’t apologize.” Nix hissed. “She knows better than to jump between two fighting wolves.”
The venom in her voice was thick. I pushed her away and stared at her. “And you should know better than to attack Megan when she was just telling me the truth.” I watched her recoil a bit. The anger in her eyes surged, and she gave a half hearted growl. I just stared at her. “You can be angry at me. I don’t mind. You were right. But I expect you to also recognize your own shortcomings. Including the blind spot you have for Erubus. You can be angry at me, at yourself, even at Megan for being able to not act like a jackass like we were. But you’re not allowed to attack her for voicing her opinion. That isn’t allowed. Not only because you’re bigger, but because you are her alpha, and she did nothing wrong. Are we just like Vince now? Throwing our position and power around for no reason other than we can?”
She sat back on her haunches. “You’re mad.”
Megan sat next to me and I stroked her fur. I shook my head. “I’m not mad. I’m disappointed.”
She fell back and looked at me with hurt in her eyes. “Disappointed…in me.”
I shook my head again. “I’m disappointed in us.” I struggled to my feet. “We are supposed to be one unit. Working together for a goal. But these past few months we have all been working separately. I was trying to train, go to class, learning howe to hack, while you two were off fighting magic you couldn’t handle alone. And then we were forced into a heat, and instead of working together, we separated once again. Megan was forced to handle the two of us. She was the only one that kept her head.” I turned to her. “Wait…how did you keep your head?”
“Because…I’m the only one of us that actually went through a full heat before. It gets easier the more you have.”
I tilted my head. “I never had a heat in my last life.”
Megan laid down, and Nix inched closer. “Actually, you did. I looked over at Nix, who was staring down at Megan. “In our last life, I agreed to mate Brandon, but he wasn’t my mate.
“I know.”
She looked away. “No, what I’m saying is because he wasn’t my mate, he never pushed me into a heat. But Megan here, she did go through them.”
“Them?”
But Nix pushed on. “But because you didn’t know Megan even existed, you were kept separated. Her soul never directly touched yours. So during your last life, when you never went into heat, and Brandon was upset, saying you were defective like Shannon said. That wasn’t true at all. It’s just Megan went deep into the forest to suffer alone while I enforced the separation.‘
“Why?” I turned to Megan. “You didn’t need to suffer alone.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 260
“I did.” Megan looked up at me with eyes filled with tears. A human isn’t meant to go through a heat. You can overheat, and that can hurt your organs.”
“But I’m a werewolf.” She shook her head and looked at NIX.
“Our last life, you never shifted. Your body was strong, but not werewolf strong. We leant you our strength, but your body was actually still very fragile. You just never noticed the difference because you were never in an actual fight.”
“So you couldn’t share the heat with me because you were fraid I was going to die?” The two nodded. I dropped down next to her. “I am so sorry you had to go through a heat without me.” Nix snorted and Megan met my eyes and then looked away.
“One?” Nix chuckled. “No, Amy.”
I looked at her and then back at Megan. “If it wasn’t one, how many was it?” She just shook her head. “How many Megan?”
“Please.”
“Megan! Tell me.”
She looked at me with a sad face. “Seventy two before we finally fell pregnant.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 261
Chapter 261 
Seventy–two. The floor fell out from under my feet. “How could you face that alone for seventy–two times?”
She sighed. “I didn’t have a choice.”
“That doesn’t make sense.” I was grasping at straws. “That’s like…”
“Once a month from your eighteenth birthday, when you met Brandon, until we became pregnant. It would have been more, but we made our pup on your birthday. So that year I only have the one.” She answered softly. “We were almost twenty–five when we died.”
The truth hit me like a punch in the gut. She survived so many times, all alone in the forest. “I am so, so sorry.”
She took a deep breath and stood. “They get easier. And I had my mates touch to temper the burn. You both just went through you first without any help other than me. I took the heat, so you had those few breaks to collect yourself.”
I wrapped my arms around her. “You are the strongest wolf I have ever met.”
She laughed. “You’re only saying that because I’m your wolf.” 
“No.” Nix came over and sat next to her. “She is right. You are strong, stronger than the both of us. You spent six years dealing with this, and we both failed our first time.”
1
I scoffed. “We didn’t fail Nix. And I think that is where your anger is coming from. You’re acting like this is something to win or lose at. And pining for a male is losing to you. We were poisoned. We didn’t have a mate to help us through it. And all we had was the males we like to focus on. We did better than anyone could expect.”
Nix watched me for a minute before she sighed. “You’re right.” She laid her head down. “I was so focused on you begging Rowan, and ashamed of how I was howling for Erubus that I was…” she trailed off.
“You were ashamed of both of us.” She nodded.
“But I took it out on you. And that isn’t fair.” She sighed again. “Megan is right. I was projecting my anger onto you. And you didn’t deserve it.” She stood and shook her fur out. “The heat took so much out of me, I felt so weak, and that honestly that scared me.”
Megan licked Nix’s paw. “You are the alpha. And vulnerability would be hard. But we are supposed to work together, we balance each other. When you fall short, I can step up. When I fall short, you do. When we both fall short, Amy has us.” I nodded.
“I know.” Nix paced a little, then she turned to me. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have called you pathetic.”
I winced. “It’s okay. I understand.”
“No. It really isn’t. You like Rowan, and I know how much you would love for him to be your mate. I like Erubus just as much.” She dropped her head a little. “But after this heat, I think the best thing for the both of us is to distance ourselves from both of them. Instead of looking for him, I should just focus on running with the girls. I think we could learn a lot from running as a small pack in the woods. And you, I think we should focus solely on the hacking.”
Megan nodded. “I actually agree with Nix. We are putting ourself in harm’s way the longer we drag this out. Look at this last week. We let our guard down and Brandon forced a heat. If we were alone, we would be mated to that scumbag.” She snarled. “So distancing ourselves from the very nice, but extremely distracting men until we have figured out who is trying to kill everyone might be the way to go?”
I threw my head back and laughed. She said it so seriously. “Fine.” I nodded. “But I have conditions.‘
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 261
My two wolves tilted their heads to me. “And…”
I just smirked. “We need to work together. And I know we have already agreed to this, but look at today, we went right back to pointing fingers and blatning each other.” They both sighed and nodded.
“I actually think that we need to get back to meditating.” Megan nodded towards my planter.
“Why?”
“Because since we stopped, your plant stopped growing as fast, and I think when we spent so much time together looking for your power, we were closer. We spent more than a passing minute in each other’s presence. Talking to each other is great, but spending time together, having our souls bond and connect with each other and our power. It did more for us. I felt stronger than.”
I looked to Nix, and I saw her debating it. “What do you think?”
She looked back to the planter, and then to Megan. “She’s right.” She got up and walked over to the plant. “It stopped growing.” She looked at me. “I think we should listen to our gamma. She is smarter than both of us.” Megan looked proud, and I smiled. “Then we do it. Every day we will spend an hour together here.” The bathroom door flew open. “I smelled blood.” the curtain flew back. “Why aren’t you healing?”
###Next D 262
Chapter 262 
Chapter 262 
I looked up at Toya in the doorway, confused. “What?”
She pointed to my leg. “You’re bleeding, and it hasn’t healed yet. Why aren’t you healing?” I looked down at my leg and saw the blood pouring from a minor cut.
I furrowed my brow. “I don’t know.” I looked back at her and shrugged. “I was talking to my wolves and got distracted.”
Now it was her turn to furrow her brow, “Get out so I can stop the bleeding.”
I waved her off. “Give me a few minutes to finish and then I will come out.”
“Amy, just come out now.”
“Okay mom.” I rolled my eyes. “Out.” I pointed, and she shook her head as she closed the door, Pushy woman.
I finished my shower, including finishing my shaving, and got out. It was bleeding faster than thought possible and I didn’t know why. I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my leg and walked out, leaving a bloody footprint with every step.
At least you have wood floors in here. Could you imagine the damage if it was carpet? Megan sighed as Nix choked out a laugh.
“Do you guys know why I’m not healing?”
Both wolves shook their heads. No. There is no reason for you not to be healing. Nix came closer. We are weak, but not so weak that our healing is stunted.
I made it to the living room and hovered at the edge. “I really like my carpet here, guys. Can you come treat this in the dining room?” Toya and Wendy both jumped up and followed me back around the wall. I sat down and propped my leg up on a second chair.
“So…healing?” Toya crouched next to me and unwrapped the towel.
“Nix and Megan both said there is no reason I shouldn’t be healing.”
Toya cursed under her breath. “I was really hoping it would be something simple, like your wolves were too tired.”
Wendy laughed as she handed Toya gauze to clean up my cut. “Is it ever that simple with Amy?”
Toya snapped her head up, sending her braids flying. “Is it magic?”
I thought about it and decided to check. I opened to my magic and I could feel both my wolves sigh as magic rushed through us. I could feel our magic actually feeding them. Some times we give to nature, and sometimes it gives back. My father’s words came back to me and I sat in the chair. Tears sprang to my eyes. I missed him. I missed Ronnie and Cass. I haven’t contacted them in months.
Focus. Nix’s voice made me jump. Her soft chuckle settled me. Focus on the wound, see if there is any magic that is blocking our healing. Then we can think about our family
She was right. So I focused my magic on the cut on my leg. But there was nothing. No magic, no chains, no ill intent coming from the wound. It was clean. I opened my eyes and shook my head. “It’s clear.“. 
“What’s wrong?” Wendy handed me a tissue. I looked up in surprise. “You’re crying.”
I wiped at my eyes. “Thanks. I was just thinking about my dad. We haven’t talked in a long time and I just miss him. Them. I usually spend the summer there, but now…” 
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 262
Both my friends nodded. “If it’s not your wolves, and not your magic, what else could it be?” Toya huffed as she started wrapping the wound.
I raised a shoulder. “We are just as confused as you.‘
Toya finished and cleaned up. Wendy screamed out. “Oh!” And then she ran from the room.
I looked down at Toya, and she looked at me. “What was that?”
Toya smiled. “She had an idea.”
“Oh.” I started to chuckle. “How have I missed this reaction?” 
“She usually only has surprise ideas in the middle of the night and I see her sprinting down the hallway past my door.” She snorted as Wendy slid into the room, phone in hand. “What are you doing?”
She held up a finger as she typed away for a bit. “Research. She kept typing and then she started reading, her eyes darting back and forth, reading whatever was on her screen. “I fucking knew it.”
Both Toya and I grinned and looked at each other again, then turned back to her. “What?”
“It’s the kudzu.” She looked up from her phone.
“What?” I rubbed at my temples. Already over this kudzu bullshit.
Wendy held up her finger again. “Kudzu, when ingested, puts a lot of strain on the wolf. It would weaken them. As it’s thought, the strength of the wolf corelates with their ability to get pregnant. If kudzu has to be used on a strong luna as an example, is it assumed that the wolf is actively rejecting the pregnancy? The kudzu induces a heat and weakens the wolf so they can’t fight the implantation. The weakness that follows lasts about two weeks if not addressed, so be careful if you choose this method for impregnation.”
**** +25 BONUS
###Next D 263
Chapter 263 
Chapter 263 
The silence that fell was charged. “That fucking douche canoe.” Toya and Wendy snapped to the and snorted.
“You’re watching too much human reality TV again, Amy.” I flipped them off.
“So you’re telling me that not only was he trying to get me to mate with him, he was trying to get me pregnant?”
Wendy winced. “Well, we can’t make that jump.”
Toya growled. “Why not?”
Wendy slid her phone back into her pants. “Because while Brandon is a douche canoe, as Amy has pointed out, he wasn’t the one that grabbed the kudzu to beguin with. Morgan got it for your mom, Amy. He was trying to get your mom pregnant, so that is why he chose kudzu over another herb that can kick in a heat. But Brandon is…well he’s stupid. He is in my course and let’s say, if it wasn’t for his dad running the school, he would have failed business already.” Tina chuckled.
“That doesn’t surprise me. Last time he pretended to know what he was doing, but I was the one investing the pack’s money to make sure we didn’t go bankrupt.”
Toya just shook her head. “So he’s a dumbass, but he might not have intended to get Amy pregnant…yet?”
Wendy nodded. “Exactly.” She shrugged. “Or he fully intended to do both. Mate her and trap her with his pup. ì
wanted to believe he was just a dumbass, but with Vince pulling his strings, either option was a strong possibility.”
I just nodded. “All done?”
Toya looked back down at my leg and then stood. “Yeah, you’re good.” She pointed to Wendy. “How do we‘ address‘ it?”
“Huh?” Wendy squinted at her.
“Your phone genius. You said if the weakness is not addressed, it will be two weeks. How do we address it so she bounces back faster? We start back in class tomorrow and we have training.‘
>>
We watched understanding dawn on her face. “Oh, they said she has to flush it out of her system. There is a drink we can make with a few herbs and then stuff her full of red meat.”
I groaned. Just the mention of food made my stomach growl. A big gurgle ripped through the air and the girls laughed. “It look’s like Amy agrees.” Toya clapped her hands. “Lets’s throw a few bottles together to take with us to eat, and then when we get back we can make a few more.” She looked at me. “The faster we flush all of this shit out of your system, the better.”
I nodded and put my foot on the ground. “I agree.” I looked at Wendy. “Can you make the bottles while I get dressed?” Wendy gave me a thumbs up and turned on her heel, disappearing into the kitchen.
“I’ll give her a hand.” Toya pulled something from her pocket. “Here. You have a lot of notifications to clear, and some texts and calls to answer.”
groaned. I took the phone and clicked the screen. “Over a hundred notifications.” I groaned again. “Why?”
Toya sighed. “You have been MIA for a full week. We only told the girls, so I assume certain people were trying to get in touch with you.” She scratched her neck. “I know your mom called and texted more than once. I was honestly a little afraid to answer.”
“Why?”
1/2
+28 BONUS 
Chapter 203
Toya coughed. “After not answering her calls, she showed up, but Jora was under the King’s orders to block everyone from coming up here.” She rubbed her temples. Including her. When she left, she blew up your phone.” “Well fuck.” I squeezed my eyes shut. “She is going to blow her top.”
“Yeah. Honestly, take your time.” She turned and headed out of the room.
I sighed again, shoulders dropping, as I headed back to my room. I clicked open my phone and scrolled through everything. Nix and Megan growled at the fifty or so calls and messages from Brandon. All of them asking to come 
over.
He was bound and determined to get you. Megan’s voice was full of disgust.
Yeah, I bet you he tried everything to find out where you lived, too. Nix scoffed. Pathetic male.
I just deleted everything from him. I’ll deal with him later. My gaze stopped on Rowan’s name, one notification. I’d ignore him for now, too. I wasn’t sure I would ever face him again. I scrolled to the next name and hit it. I winced, reading what my mother sent me. She started off worried and then became very much enraged. She even showed up mid week to confront me for ignoring her only to be turned away. She was pissed.
I tossed my phone on to the bed. Clothes first, then call. I figured the call was going to take a while. I went to my closet and grabbed sweats. I wanted to be comfortable after the last week of bullshit.
Once I was dressed, I made my way back to my bed and sat down. I grabbed my phone, sighed and clicked the call. I waited for it to connect, but I couldn’t even get a word in as soon as the call connected; she exploded.
Chapter 264
###Next D 264
Chapter 264
Almost one and a half years later…
+25 BONUS
“Are you ready?” Wendy bounced on her toes. Her long half shining in the curls that we painstakingly styled this morning. She looked gorgeous in her pale pink dress. The back grad dress hung open around her shoulders as she finished her makeup. I looked around at everyone in my living room and I couldn’t stop the smile.
“You guys look amazing.” And they did. Micca’s red hair was braided over her shoulder, her graduation dress a dark canvas to her stunning beauty. Hanna’s black textured bob was such a drastic change since our first year. She had let it grow out these two years, and then showed up this morning like this. “Hanna, your hair is stunning.”
“I liked the long hair, but this feels like me.” She smiled and ruffled her hair. She slipped her graduation dress over her white sundress. “Can you believe it’s been almost three years? They said they would fast track us, but I didn’t actually think they would.”
(4
Toya came out of my room with her stunning gold dress clinging to her curves and her grad dress in her arms. Why?” She smiled a little sadly. “With all the attacks that we have been dealing with, fast tracking us back to our families is still the best thing to do.” I nodded as I walked over to her and grabbed the grad dress. Toya pouted before pulling her braids over her shoulder. “I shouldn’t have to graduate with this black formless dress covering my body. Not after you spent the last two years torturing me into shape.” I threw my head back and laughed as I helped her into the grad dress.
“Dramatic.” I shook my head as she turned.
“She isn’t lying.” Micca walked over to the long mirror I had propped up against my living room wall. “Before meeting you, my father called me rolly polly because no matter what I did, I was always fat in his eyes.”
I gasped. “You were never fat.”
Micca gave me a small smile. “You guys never made me feel like I was. But in my pack, they did. My dad actually sent me to school because my sister was getting married and she didn’t want her new pack to know that she had a fat sister.”
“Micca…” Wendy walked over to her and hugged her. Micca tried to smile again, but she shook her head as a tear fell. “Why didn’t you ever tell us?”
“Because you never made me feel fat or bad about myself. At first, to be honest, I was terrified that if I pointed it out, you guys would look at me differently. But then I realized you would never do that. I put it past me. And I wasn’t that person anymore.” She unzipped her grad dress and twirled in a tight black dress that showcased her body perfectly.
“You have always been stunning. Your body had nothing to do with it.” She stopped spinning as I walked over to
from her and wrapped my arms around her and I stared into her eyes. “You have been gorgeous, inside and out, the day I met you. This body, if it makes you happy, then we are happy. But I need you to listen to me when I say this.” I waited until she nodded. “You’re worth, is not now or ever, based on your weight or your looks. The worth of a person is based on their personality and their achievements. I need that to sink in before you go back to your pack and allow them to make you feel anything else.”
Micca nodded and cried in earnest. She hugged me. “It’s stupid, I know, but my father called me. They are traveling here for the graduation, and he told me not to embarrass him.”
Wendy snorted. “He knows you’re top of your class, right?”
Micca shook her head. “Today was the first time they talked to me since I started school.”
I pulled her back and kissed her forehead. “If you have any issues today, and I mean anything. You call me. I will
1/2
Chapter 264
handle your father and your pack.”
“You can’t do that, Amy.” Micca laughed and shook her heat.
+28 BONUS
“Of course I can.” I bumped my hip into hers and then I turned to face everyone. “You are all from different packs, and your different ranks, but my wolves have claimed you. No matter where you go, how far you roam, you are our pack, our family.” I watched as those words sank in. “No matter how long we go in between seeing each other, or who you mate with, or which rank you settle into.” I looked at my unranked girls, who I knew for a fact held a rank now. Hanna and Wendy looked at each other and smile. “You are now and forever ours. Ours to love and ours to protect. Whether it is from asshole parents, angry pack embers, or goddess forbid abusive mates. I will show up, no questions asked.” As soon as I finished, everyone came over and we hugged.
Family, whether blood, bond, or chosen, were what mattered.
###Next D 265
Chapter 265 
+25 BONUS
We walked out of my apartment together, and I glanced at the next door. Rowan had disappeared after my heat, and I left him be. We both had things to focus on and I think we both realized that we were just distracting each other from what was important.
Toya caught my eye. She glanced at his door and then looked back at me with sad eyes. “Do you regret it?”
I snapped to her and lifted my brow. “Regret what?”
Toya bobbed her head to the sides. “Rowan…the bullshit…”
“Staying an extra year just to graduate with us.” Wendy cut in and Touya pointed to her.
“That too.”
I shook my head. “No.” I waved my hands and gave a tiny chuckle. “I didn’t have time for the bullshit, and Rowan and I…well, we both had more important things to focus on”
“You could have graduated early.” Hanna pointed out. “But you stayed.”
“We are supposed to graduate together, plus the extra courses were amazing.” I smiled and put my arm around her, “How could I leave you alone?”
Micca laughed. “You’re not our mom.”
“I feel like it.” I pulled them all into the elevator. “Come my little ducks, time to graduate and then tomorrow, tomorrow you leave me.” I dropped my head to hide the actual sadness in my eyes.
We will still talk to them daily. Nix chastised me.
I will miss them. Does Toya know where she is going yet? Megan was hovering over my power, a giant plant now with blooms almost ready to burst. I smiled as I looked at everything we had accomplished this last year. We three had grown as close as ever, and together we nurtured our power.
We did an amazing job. Nix’s voice was proud. I have been wondering what happens when the blooms open.
“I don’t know. But I’m excited to find out.” I whispered back to them and then refocused on my friends. “Toya… have you heard news about what pack you’re going to?”
The conversation around the elevator ground to a halt. Toya looked back and gave a tiny shake. “The council said they would be here to preside over the graduation, and they would give me my assignment then. There is also another big announcement going to be made today.”
“It’s a big day.” I smiled.
The elevator door opened, and the girls squealed. “Yes, it is.” Toya smiled as everyone parted. Jara, Sterling, and a few others stood at the front desk. Even Brandon was there. “Happy birthday Amy!”
“Happy birthday!” Everyone cheered as we walked out. I shook my head in disbelief.
“What is all this?” Toya grabbed my hand and pulled me top the desk. Gifts were lined up on the table next to a cake. “We don’t have time for all of this.”
Wendy smiled. “We ugh lied. The ceremony starts in an hour.” 
I bumped her shoulder. “You guys suck.”
“Come on. Open your gifts.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 265 
Sterling and Jara came over. “Happy birthday Amy. Our mares helped us pick out your gift.” I took the package.
“You didn’t have to.” I unwrapped the gift and found two books. “What are these…” I picked the first up and opened them to realize that they put together photo books. It was their families, their pups. “Guys.” I felt choked
up. 
Sterling stepped up. “All of us thought that after everythit you have done for us, that you have become family.” Sterling came next to me. “Here are the presents you got the pups for their last birthdays. Since you couldn’t leave the school, we wanted to make sure you knew how much they loved them. My kids call you aunty Amy and in the back they wrote you a letter.” I wiped away a tear.
Jara nodded. “You ave always been so nice to us, and when my mate came in last year, she fell in love with you.”
I waved them off. “I will cherish these for life.”
Jara grabbed and opened his book. “My pups are a little too young. More like Sterling’s last one, but my mate sent you a message. And her phone number. She wants you to call, and when you have time, we would love for you and your mom to come visit.” I gave them both a hug.
“I love these. Thank you so much.”
“Here.” The girls all huddled around me next and handed me a gift.
‘Guys, you didn’t have to.” They just smiled as I unwrapped another photo album. I opened to see all of us. Together, training, laughing. I started to cry. “You bitches are ruining my makeup.” I wiped under my eyes. is amazing.”
“It took us a while to pick the pictures.” Hanna smiled.
“And find a big enough album.” Micca joked. She was right, it was thick.
“Wendy’s idea.” Toya bumped into her with a smile. “Do you like it?”
I nodded, giving a watery laugh. “I love it.”
“Toya had the same idea that Jora and Sterling’s mates did. We all wrote you a letter.”
“Guys.” I put down the album and hugged my friends. “I’m going to miss you so fucking much.”
“This
###Next D 266
Chapter 266
+25 BONUS
“None of this.” Toya pulled back. “No tears.” She wiped her own face. “We won’t be stuck on our pack lands. We can visit. And there will be video chats, and movie nights, and-”
“And we will make sure we make time for each other.” Wendly finished. I was still in awe of her transformation through the years. She had become so strong.
“Yes. Yes, we will.” Hanna beamed.
It was my turn to look at her, and I was shot back to the very first time I met her. A tiny little thing terrified in the bathroom. I chuckled as I looked around. “We have come so far these years.” I wiped my eyes. “You all have become so strong. Completely different people. Micca, you have completely flourished into your rank, you have become a very strong beta, and I wouldn’t be surprised if you became a Luna for some pack. Same with you, Toya. You have grown so strong these last few years.‘
The two beamed. “It’s all because of you.” Toya bumped into me.
I shook my head. “You guys didn’t have to train. You wanted to and you put in the work.” I smiled up at them. I turned to Hanna and Wendy. “But it was you too that stood out. We all put in the work, but you two threw yourself into it. You two have grown the most, and I need you to realize it.” Toya and Micca both nodded. “You two started as unranked.” I started, and my two friends furrowed their brows. “But this last year, your wolves have stepped up. You have stepped up. And now you’re both are gammas. Their hands shot to their mouths, and they looked at each other. (1
“There is no way.” Hanna’s words were whispered, but I smiled.
“I felt the shift this last month. I wanted to wait until you both settled into your rank before I told you.” I grabbed their hands. “You are gammas, and now you have the skills to perform those duties with my complete confidence.”
“That’s impossible.” Wendy shook her head. “No one in my family has ever been ranked.”
I felt my smile turn sad. “I think that has more to do with the training offered your family than it does the wolves in it.” Toya and Micca nodded. “There is always a rank in a family. At least one, every generation. The goddess does this to give everyone the opportunity to change their fates. An unranked family can learn to be strong.”
Hanna reeled back from me. “What?”
I turned to her. “It’s something that a lot of wolves have forgotten, but even the strongest Beta and Alpha lines started as unranked families. The only ones that have a consistent line of ranked wolves are the firsts. The first Lycans, the first wolves, they have always been ranked. But others, the goddess, will see who is worth it and then give them a blessing and a chance. The families that are smart take the blessing and elevate themselves and their descendants.” I grabbed each of their hands. “Your families probably didn’t know, or they weren’t given the opportunity to flourish. But now you have the chance, and I am making sure you take it.” I hugged them both until I heard someone clear their throat.
I wanted to roll my eyes. But I pulled back with a smile. “Brandon.” I walked over. “Thank you for coming.”
He smiled big and leaned in for a hug, but I pulled back. He laughed. “Still won’t let me close.”
He’s lucky I allow him to touch me at all. Megan growled.
Why do you allow him to touch us? I shot back to her. Aren’t you worried about the mate bond?
Megan looked away, but then she turned back. There is no mate bond anymore.
I froze for a minute and then recovered. We will speak about this. Then I turned back to Brandon. “I am nothing
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 266
but consistent.” I forced a simile. “Until I meant my mate, I won’t let anyone touch me. You should do the same.” 
Brandon looked away. “Here.” He handed me a letter,
“Thank you,” I smiled and took it.
“Read it.” He looked to me expectantly.
I sighed softly as I opened the letter.
Amy,
I know you think I am just chasing after you instead of looking for my mate, but there is a reason for that. I was rejected our first year.
I snapped my head up and looked at him. “Is this the truth?”
His cheeks turned red from embarrassment, and he nodded to the letter. “Read it and then find out, I guess.” I turned back to the piece of paper in my hand.
It was a few months in, in the big cafeteria, one time I came with my dad to see you. Someone rejected me, and I couldn’t blame them. I was so head over heels for you. I didn’t leave much room for my mate.
Anyway, I wrote this to let you know I want you to be my chosen mate. But also my father has offered you a position as a gift. He told me to get you to call him.
But please, think about my offer. I cannot think of a more suitable luna than you.
Love,
Brandon
###Next D 267
Chater 267 
I wanted to vomit.
Smile. Megan pushed closer. Smile and accept his kind stupid offer, so we can get close.
I turned my focus from the letter in my hands and focused on my wolf, who was becoming more aggressive by the moment. What the hell does he mean you rejected him? I screamed at her. I thought we waited. When did this happen? I looked for Nix.
Megan glared back at me, still defiant. It was one time Nina came over to mess with us. I saw an opportunity, and I took it. I just left you out of it so that you could focus on more important things.
Like, what about Megan? What could be more important that my wolf rejecting her mate?
Nix came running out of the trees and skidded to a stop between us. You lied to us. She sounded hurt, as hurt as I felt. We could have been there for you.
We should have been, but you kept this from us. And you kept it a secret until now…why? We have come so far this past year together, and you still kept us out. I felt like the wind had been knocked out of me. The pain of this betrayal felt like it undermined all the work we did together. While me and Nix worked hard to get past the hurt and blame we had toward each other, we didn’t even realize we had. Megan had kept this from us.
I’m sorry. She didn’t sound sorry at all, but she continued pacing in a circle. But you both were crazy about men and I needed peace. I needed to heal. And goddess forbid having to deal with this fucking insufferable man every damn day. Chasing after us like a lost puppy. Megan whirled, fur standing on end. He killed me. He killed me and my pup, and then I had to wake up again and do this fucking bullshit all over again. You don’t understand.
I felt as if I was punched; the pain bounced around inside on my chest as I thought of my pup, my child. I thought of every moment I had with him only to have him ripped away from me and then, now, to have my wolf try to say that he was just hers…it hurt. There was a vast silence between us, and then I whispered back. He killed us, and our pup. We share this body, our souls. Every win, every lose, every love, and most importantly, every pain we share. All of us. He was my pup, too. I whispered to him every night. I sang to him every day. I made sure he had all the nutrients he needed. It was me who set up his nursery and went to see every doctor’s appointment. He was mine too.
I could feel the hurt radiating from her. But then she growled. Yeah, well, you didn’t have to feel your heart being ripped out every damn second of the day. She turned and started to walk away. But then she whirled. No! You don’t get to make me feel bad about saving myself. She stomped back. We can discuss this later. But for right now, smile and pretend that you are actually considering him as a mate option. One, because we need the job to get close to him. And two, because you promised we would get our revenge.
She’s right. Nix’s voice was still full of hurt, but she agreed. This is a way to get close to both Vince and Brandon.
I forced a soft smile to my lips. “I’m flattered.” I looked back up at him. “I don’t know what to say…‘
“Don’t answer yet.” He rushed in. “Let’s wait until after graduation before you make any final decisions about where you are going and what not.” He was afraid I was going to say no. That made me suspicious.
What is going to happen today? I forced myself to keep a straight face. He is so sure that I will choose to be with him and work with his dad?
Nix and Megan came close to the edge of my barrier. We will face this all together. Nix’s voice was strong.
Yes, we will. Megan sighed. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry and I will explain it better later.
I felt my center settle and then I nodded, agreeing with my wolves, but Brandon smiled. I felt my stomach clench again.
1/2
Chater 267
+25 BONUS
11
“Okay.” Toya stepped in. “Let’s do cake.” She walked over and lit the candles. “Happy birthday to you…” Everyone joined in and started singing. The song winded down and then everyone cheered. “Happy twenty–first birthday, Amy!” Toya kissed me and held out my cake for me to blow out the candles. “Make your wish!”
I closed my eyes and me and my wolves all wished at the same time. We wish we cant find a way to kill Brandon and Vince. My wolves started to howl in laughter as I smiled and blew out the candles.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 268
Chapter 268 
+25 BONUS
After I ran upstairs to bring up my presents, we headed out. We had decided to drive there together, but when we walked out of the building to get to Wendy’s van that her mom lent us, there was a limo waiting.
Everyone furrowed their brows until Brandon seemed to kick in. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I wanted it to be a surprise for your birthday.” He smirked as he opened the door, but I had a feeling he was lying.
Toya looked at me, and I just nodded. She gave her thanks and slid in. Sterling made his way out of the door, while everyone was sliding in with their dresses. “You know the pup didn’t pay for this limo.” He leaned in to whisper. I chortled as I gave a tiny nod.
“Was it?” I trailed off with my question, tilting my head to look over my shoulder. Sterling swallowed and then gave a single nod. “I figured. He’s going to announce something today, isn’t he?” Another single nod, but I could see the pain in his eyes. I turned fully. “Hey, none of that.”
“I just know-” He started, but I smacked my hand over his mouth.
“I need my reaction to be genuine. But I need you to know, no matter what happens today…You have become my family, and that isn’t even going to change.‘
>>
I saw relief in his eyes. “You don’t deserve this, Amy. I’m sorry.” He hugged me again and this time it was tight. He was worried about me. “Stay strong. They want you to break. Don’t let them actually do it.” His whisper was super low, and I heard a step behind me.
“I have to let them think they succeeded, or else it won’t work.” I pulled back with a broad smile and a wink. I raised my voice a little. “Thank you for always helping me when I needed it. And protecting all of us here. I’m going to miss you.”
“I’m going to miss you, too.” He smiled as he stepped away, then he went back into the building.
I turned back just as Brandon reached my back. “You ready?‘
“Yeah.” I turned. “Yeah, just saying goodbye.” I headed back to the limo that I knew Rowan sent to make me feel a tiny bit good about the day. Knowing he was going to ruin it
I looked at Toya, her eyes held a knowing look, and her face was tight. She knew something was going to happen. Her eyes flicked to Brandon and then to me, and I shook my head. This wasn’t him. Her face grew even more serious. She knew what that meant, too. I saw a lot of understanding bloom on everyone’s face. They all caught the head shake.
Now everyone knew Brandon was lying, and this limo was bought by Rowan. The man who had disappeared from my life, but had a pattern. Any time he was going to announce something or do something that would hurt me.
He sent flowers when he was reopening the mate search. It was on hold while he went through the council. It took a year, but about six months ago the flowers showed up on my doorstep with a note. ‘I’m sorry.‘ Was all it said.
Then again, about four months ago, he sent a gaming console. Another note, another apology. And then our news started broadcasting his dates with these women. I was conveniently excluded, or should I say I wasn’t selected to be one of the lucky women that he was going to publicly date. I will say, that console got a lot of playtime, as the dates interrupted all human broadcasts. So I sent a quick thank you email.
But other than that, it’s been radio silence. I haven’t seen him since the night of my heat. Which was honestly for the best. We decided when we woke up to focus on ourselves and our pack. I looked around at my friends and I smiled. We wouldn’t have made it this far if I had stayed focused on Rowan. He did all of us a favour.
I settled back into my seat, and we were off. I could feel the excitement in the air, a little cooler from my friends, but Brandon was on the edge of his seat. Every one of us was watching him, and I could see it settle in all our
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 268
chests at the same time. Hanna slid a card into my hand, and I looked at her.
Her eyes darted to Brandon and then back to me. Not here. Not now. But this was something I would have to read. I gave a tiny nod and slid it into my bag just as the car slid to a stop. We were at the main building.
Brandon was the first to get out, and then we all followed. We stepped out to a red carpet, complete with the news. As soon as I stepped on to the carpet, a microphone was thrusted into my face. “Amy, how do you feel about your father being branded as a traitor?”
Chapter 269
Chapter 269 
###Next D 269
Chapter 269 
+25 BONUS
I felt the wind knock out of me with those words. “I’m sorry. What did you say?” I turned my full attention to the newscaster, and I saw the hint of surprise. She thought I already knew. Then it was like there was blood in the water and these anchors were sharks. I was surrounded, and everyone was shouting at me.
“How do you feel about your father being branded as a traitor years after his death?”
“How did you not know that your father was working with the rouges?”
“Were you a part of the circle of traitors?”
“Have you not seen today’s news?”
Then there was a commotion and one new caster pushed through. A smaller wolf who had a glint in her eyes. Alpha Amy.” She was also the only one to use my rank, and instinctively, my attention shifted to her. “While the new reports that went out today have branded your father as a traitor, but my investigation has uncovered multiple documents labeling him as a scapegoat.” A hush fell over the surrounding crowd. “What is your opinion of your late father’s legacy?”
Everyone turned back to me and I felt a tear tremble at my lashes. I leaned in to her and I smiled. “Thank you for taking the time to actually uncover the truth about him.” I took a deep breath as I felt a hand slide into mine. “My father, Gavin Maclean, was about as far from a traitor as you can get. He supported this kingdom, and our king, until his last breath. He not only donated billions of dollars to ensure our kingdom thrived, but also so our children had a place to live and learn without worrying about how they could afford it. Many of you don’t know that right before he died, my father created a fund to donate to this very school every year, like clockwork. He has supported your children every year so that they could learn free and clear since the lockdown went into effect. He made sure we ate and slept in peace so our entire focus could be on our studies, so we could succeed. My father was an amazing man. He was an amazing father. But most of all, he was an amazing alpha.”
Toya leaned to the microphones, and everyone shifted. “Alpha Gavin was one of the most generous wolf to out there. He sent his warriors to support the small packs that had just relocated to his area when the rogues were targeting them. He saved my family and gave me more time with them. That isn’t the work of a traitor, that is the work of a wolf that would do anything for another.” She turned to me. “Gavin Maclean was the most loyal wolf, and whoever started this smear campaign on a dead man who has no way of standing up for himself is obviously trying to redirect you all to the truth.” SHe turned back to the cameras. “I invite you all to dig more into it, like she did.” She nodded at the last report, who was smiling. “Now we are graduating. This is not the day to bring up this bullshit.” She released her aura. “Move out of the way. Now.” 2.
The reporters all separated, and we made our way inside. But I could hear the whispered of everyone there. They all painted my family, my father, as traitors. I felt my angry rising, minute but minute. 2
“I’m going to kill them.” I snapped my head to Hanna. Soft–spoken, sweet Hanna.
“What’s wrong?” I turned to her, and she had this wild glint in her eyes.
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong? Any are you being stupid? They are all whispering about your father like he really was a traitor.” She was pissed, but I could see the unfinished thought in her mind. ‘We all know he is not a traitor. He’s working with the king directly.‘ But no one knew he was still alive. 1
I gave her a smile and pulled her to me. Nix pushed forward, as she had started to do a few months ago, when one of them got too angry. “Calm little wolf. Give me your anger.” Nix and Megan used their abilities and my magic to pull Hanna’s anger from her wolf. It keeps her from shifting, and calmed the situation. “You cannot shift today and ruin your dress.”
Hanna met my eyes with tears in hers. “The can’t do this to you.” Her whisper was angry, but now held more sadness. 1
1/2
Chapter 269.
+25 BONUS
“It’s okay. We will figure this all out later. But today, we will graduate.” I smiled. “You have to get used to your new rank, and the aggression that comes with it. Or else you’re going to be back to when you first shifted and had no control.” She nodded and took a deep breath.
“I’m okay now.” She smiled, and then we turned back to the crowded room.
“Good, let’s go find our seats.” We wove through the crowd Megan and Nix were both doing their best to comfort me as the whispers continued.
Brandon seemed to enjoy the whispers. Every time a new one happened, he puffed up a little and sent a knowing look my way. And I knew this was at least a part of why he was so sure I would agree to his proposal.
I was being backed into a corner.
Today’s Bonus Offer
201
h
, ? ? ?
GET IT NOW
###Next D 270
Chapter 270 
+25 BONUS
I walked past all the reporters and made our way inside to our seats. We sat down with the rest of the students, saying hi, and settling in before one guy turned to me with a sad look.
“I don’t agree with what they are doing to you Amy.” I looked, really looked, at Chad and raised an eyebrow. Look, I know we aren’t really friends, and we have just had class together, but I know everything you and your dad have done for all of us. I may not like you personally, but your family doesn’t deserve this bullshit.” He shook his head. “We all talked about it, and all of us agree. They are painting a target on your back. This is happening today for a reason. I just wanted to warn you. And to let you know we all stand beside you.” I stared at him for a moment, trying to figure out if he was serious. We had never been close. Sometimes I thought he even hated me. I think my face conveyed that when he smiled again. “Like I said, I don’t like you, but you helped me. And my family. We won’t stand by and watch it happen.” He met my stare, and I could see he was serious. But everyone?
“Everyone?” I was skeptical, but as I looked around, I made eye contact with everyone from our program. But then others turned to me from other programs, and one by one they all bowed their heads. Almost our entire graduating class turned and nodded. I felt my eyes fill, and I had to turn away. My eyes turned back to Chad, and he nodded. He went to say something, but he was interrupted by Vince making his way onto the stage.
He stood in front of the microphone and looked over at the crowd. His eyes landed on me for a second and I saw triumph on his face.. He thought he won, and he was standing there preening on the stage like a prized wolf. He pushed his chest out a little more and smiled. He was so sure he had won, but we would see who was smiling after everything was said and done.
“Ladies and Gentlemen. Please settle. We will begin the graduation ceremony shortly. I will say, after the
speeches and before the grads walk, we have a guest speaker, and another set of announcements that aren’t on the printed programs so bare with us, please.” He smiled before he stepped back, motioning for a teacher to come up to start the
ceremony.
We sat while everyone delivered their speeches. First the teachers, then the heads student in each department. Then came the valedictorian speech. The teacher from the Art department was standing at the podium. “Please stand and join me in the pleasure of calling on our school’s valedictorian. This student held the highest GPA, but she also helped this student body so much during these last few years. From helping support group causes, to volunteering her time to help with teachers scheduling, she has demonstrated not only a dedication to this school, but to our kind. She is a pillar of trustworthiness, steadfast dedication, and honesty.” This speech was pointed, and I felt a little vindicated. You could watch Vince’s face take on a hint of confusion as the teacher went on. Obviously, he didn’t know who this speech was about. But I did. “Please, allow me the pleasure of introducing this year’s valedictorian. Amy Maclean.”
The room erupted into applause, and Vince’s face fell. Apparently, the teachers had hid this tiny minor fact from him. His eyes connected to someone behind me, and I looked over my shoulder to see Brandon with furrowed brows. He leaned into my back. “You’re the valedictorian?”
I nodded. “Yeah, I was told last month when we got our finals result.” I smiled as I stood up and walked up to the podium. The reporters were still in the back and they were filming everything. “Welcome, class of 2021.” I looked out at the crowd. “I won’t keep you long, as I am the last in a million speeches, way more eloquently prepared than my own.” A few chuckles could be heard. “While I did have a full speech prepared, something happened today, and I think my time here would be better used addressing that.” I heard Vince get to his feet, but I ignored him. “Everyone here, the students, the faculty, have been witness to the past few years, but the rest of our world hasn’t, so I can understand what happened today. But I refuse to let this stand.”
“Amy, this isn’t the place.” Vince came up next to me and I growled. He froze with his hand halfway to the microphone.
###Next D 271
Chapter 271 
I turned my attention to Vince, who had come up next to me. “I think this is the place.” My eyes flashed and Vince took a step back. I redirected my attention back to the crowd and the reporters. “My father, Gavin Maclean, was an outstanding man. He did a lot of this community, and I refuse to allow anyone to speak ill of him. He was as far from a traitor as one wolf could actually get.” I met eyes of a few people in the crowd, and I saw their doubt, or confusion. So I pushed on. “He donated billions of dollars to the council annually. Way above the allotted amount so that smaller packs could stay in the alliance, but reinvest their fees into their own packs. When I asked him why he did it, supported people we didn’t even know. His only answer was that people deserved the chance to thrive. He wanted them to grow, to become stronger, to build up our community. My father donated millions to this school annually, to support the students here, and giving them more opportunity by designating a certain amount to be used in low producing courses, allowing students to follow their passions, not just courses Alpha Vince decided was important.” I cut another look at Vince and I watched him pale more. He thought I was clueless, but I knew everything. “He supported the last King, in every way he could. He would leave my mom and me alone to stay by his side. He left his family, his pack, his first priority to support his king. I know people are accusing him of being a traitor and they are referencing the last king’s death as proof. My father was duty bound to protect the king, and you are right, he was. But what none of you know was that the council created the elite warriors to watch over the royal family. So that the alphas could run their packs without distraction.”
“That’s enough.” A voice came from the wing, and a woman came out. She was powerful. Probably the most powerful wolf I had met to date, other than my parents. She clapped as she walked out, coming to stand next to me. Thinking I was under her control, she leaned in to me and smirked. “And here I was told you were strong. I’m not even using my full power to shut you up.” She pulled away and I saw the smugness. And I honestly couldn’t wait to wipe that smirk from her face.
I turned back to the mic. She turned away, thinking I was frozen under her pathetic command. Her power was less than the king, way less. And if he couldn’t hold me, who the fuck did she think she was? “Anyway, the elite warriors were appointed and directed by the council. Funnily enough, the night of the attack, the council moved them away from the royal family. Resulting in the king’s death. My father was at our pack, fending off our own attacks. He was protecting my mother and I.” She whirled back with a screech.
“I commend your silence.” Her voice held such a firm belief that I would buckle under her, that I had to stop myself from laughing outright. 1
I looked over at the woman, and again I was met with her smirk. So I lost control, and smile lifted the corners of my lips. “So you see, my father wasn’t the traitor. If anyone should be branded as a traitor…” I turned back to the reporters. “It should be the council. They commanded the warriors away from the royal family. Or the warriors themselves. As they listened and left the king to fight for him mate and pup alone.” The silence that followed my declaration was thick. Then I turned back to the woman, who was still trying to enforce her power over me. Sweat beaded her brow, and she was pale. “I don’t know who you are.” I leaned against the podium, my voice still ringing through the room. “I honestly don’t even care. I have spent these last years continuing my father’s ideals. I have donated more money to this school than the king himself to keep this place going. I have sacrificed my time, my energy, and my schooling to help with training. I have ensured that the students here were treated fairly and justly, regardless of rank, class, or standing. You don’t get to come in here, try to overpower me, to shut me up, and push your own agenda. Because,” I turned back to the reporters. “Make no mistake, that is exactly what this was,” murmurs started around the room. I finally spotted my mother in the crowd, face full of rage. “You and whoever else branded my father as a traitor, thinking you could strong arm me into silence. But the fact of the matter is…” I paused, and my rage finally broke through my mask. “You are too fucking weak to command me.”
1/1
###Next D 272
Chapter 272
Chapter 272 
I felt my aura, which for the last year I have kept securely under wraps, because it was still growing, unfurl. I was still so young when everything started. Even then, I was too strong for anyone of them to really challenge me. But now? Now I was something never seen before. Still, I kept most of it hidden. My power fell in waves, everyone felt it. There were gasps from the crowd and Vince and this woman stepped back.
I smiled, and I knew it was predatory. I pulled my power back in, clenching my fists as it fought. It wanted free rein. It craved relief. But I was stronger, so I tucked it away and turned back to the crowd. “I started this day with such hope. Hope for our future. Hope for our packs. This was the very beginning of our lives. I got ready with my ? friends.” I turned as stared at the man that had rushed to the side of the stage. My rage burning in my eyes. “I
celebrated my twenty–first birthday.” I watched him wince. “And I came here for my graduation with my speech prepared and a lightness in my heart. I had followed my father’s last bit of guidance, and now today, here I am graduating top of the school, following everything he had ever taught me. Only to be stopped and asked how it feels to hear my father has been branded a traitor.” He shook his head. But I pushed. “The answer is honestly, the only people who betrayed anyone are the people in charge of our fucking kingdom.” His eyes widened but I would not back down. I don’t care if this was all a part of my father’s plan. I don’t care if he was okay with this bullshit. I wasn’t. And I let Rowan fucking know it.
He walked out slowly, staring at me with something in his eyes that I no longer recognized or returned. His care, his need for me, it was still plain on his face, but me and my wolves made an agreement and we were sticking to it. He decided to tarnish my family’s image, our name, for the sake of whatever game he and my father were playing. But fuck that.
I stared back at him with the rage I felt in this moment, and it wasn’t me that looked away, ashamed. He walked to the podium, and I waited for a second before I turned away.
“Ladies and gentlemen, obviously, this has gotten out of hand. This is a graduation ceremony. Not an inquisition.” He started, and I snorted. I could feel his eyes on my back, but I kept it turned. The worst insult a wolf could give another is to turn their backs on them, finding them no threat, and that is what I did now. To my king. I could hear his frustration in his tone as he continued “Gavin Maclean was always a loyal and steadfast wolf. He had never been once considered as a traitor and I do not know where this all stems from, but I will sort this out.” I snorted again. It was clear where this stemmed from: his corrupt council.
There were footsteps from behind, and I knew it was the woman. She cleared her voice, obviously trying to recollect herself. “Yes, Rowan and I will do a deep inquiry where this all started.” But everyone in the room could hear what she wasn’t telling anyone. It was her.
“Who are you?” Someone called out. I turned because I wanted to know as well. Rowan’s eyes were pleading with me to understand as she wrapped her hand in his. A giant ring shone on her finger. And I knew…in that moment I knew the truth, and I looked away.
“I’m Verity La’Shen.” Rowan looked ashamed as she said the next words. “I’m the future Queen, Rowan’s fiancee.” Fiancee. I snapped my eyes to Rowan, and I watched the life drain out of his.
“Fiancee?” A round of murmurs went out, but my ears barely caught them. Verity turned to me with a triumphant smile, but I barely noticed it. I was watching Rowan and the desolation in his eyes.
My phone’s ringing snapped me out of my trance. I pulled it out of my robe and clicked answer before I even registered the number. “Hello?”
“Amy?” The tiny voice was filled with tears. “Amy, is that you?”
“Yes…who is this?” I frowned as the voice sounded familiar but I could place it.
“It’s Carly.” The world froze, and Rowan’s attention was zero’d in on me. “There are people here, and my dad.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 272
She sobbed. “My dad can’t hold them off for much longer.”
The world kicked back into motion. “Hide baby. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“Hurry.” The call disconnected, and I dropped my phone. I looked at Toya, and all my friends stood, pushing their way to the aisle.
“Amy.” Rowan took a step towards me, but I shifted on the spot. Nix stood in my place, and she glanced at Rowan before lifting her lip. She growled, then turned and sprinted out the door. 2
###Next D 273
Chapter 273 
+25 BONUS 
Nix ran past everyone on campus and headed for the trees. I pulled back enough that I was hovering over our magic, pulling from it to feed power into my body, into the girls‘ bodies.
“How is this possible?” Toya called to me and I laughed.
“Magic.” Nix called back and a few of the girls howled.
We ran past the edge line of the trees and starting weaving through the trunks. “Nix?” Thistle called Hanna’s wolf.
“Yeah?”
“Where are we going?” She called as she picked up her pace.
I thought of Carly. She was at most seven, but she sounded younger on the phone, closer to five or six. I knew where she was, my grandmother’s cabin, but from here, I had no idea. But I trusted the goddess, and I trusted my wolves. “The goddess will show us the way.” Nix called back and I nodded.
Megan pushed closer to the barrier. “Megan? What are you doing?”
She looked at me, then back to Nix. “You are wasting magic feeding Nix. Focus on the girls, I will send my strength to Nix. This way we will have your strength and our magic to save the girl.”
I thought about Carly’s little voice, and I agreed. “Nix?”
“It’s okay with me. We just need to get there.” I nodded and pulled back the magic, giving the burden to Megan and Nix alone. There was a howl off in the distance, one that sounded familiar, but I pushed it out of my mind. It wasn’t important.
Carly was.
We wove farther away from the school, and I was starting to panic. How we were supposed to randomly show up on the edge of an ocean? I knew logically we were by one; the school was near the coast. But was it the right coast?
I closed my eyes, and I called to the goddess. “Mother, I have need of you. Moon goddess, we beg your intervention.” I called out and I waited. I pushed and pushed, but there was nothing. No light. No power. Nothing.
Megan looked over at me. “What are we going to do?” Nix focused on the trees, but I could feel the shift. We were taking too long. That little baby girl and her father were fending off who knows what, and I had no idea where we
were.
“Nix?” someone called, and it snapped our focus back outward. We had pulled in, focused on the girl that someone caught up to us. 
I snapped my head back to look at Wendy’s wolf, but she wasn’t looking at me. She was looking back at the massive grey wolf catching up to us. Every once in a while, I saw a flash of fur. Of pale white blue eyes and my stomach dropped.
Erubus.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Megan’s voice was filled with rage and I couldn’t stop the bitter laugh. She turned on me and I slapped a hand over my mouth, “Why is it that today, of all days, both your fucking men decide to show up and do something stupid?”
She huffed as she settled on the ground, focusing back on Nix and her running. Nix barely looked back before she focused fully on running. And I left myself open to figure out what direction we needed to go,
I closed my eyes and remembered the call. Her little voice was terrified, but also held a deep sadness. This was the
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 273
end for them, her dad and their time together, and she knew it. I felt a tear fall. She was too young to go through
this alone.
“Moon Goddess, please give me a direction. Give me a nudge, an idea, anything that tells me where I need to go to save this little girl.” I begged, but still I was met with silence.
“Where do we go?” Nix called to me, her voice filled with barely conceal worry, but I had no answer.
“I don’t know…” I called back to her.
“Well, I think you need to figure it the fuck out. We are running blind here.” She called back.
What the heck was I supposed to do?
Megan pulled away from Nix for a moment and came to my side. I looked up at her, and she nudged my forehead with her nose. “Close your eyes. Open yourself to us, to your power, to the goddess. And try again. Put away the worry, and focus on our goal. Carly.”
I closed my eyes and opened myself up completely. I felt everything release little by little. The worry, the anger, everything I had been holding on to float away. I centered myself, clearing my mind, until I felt a hand on my shoulder. I opened my eyes. “I don’t know what to do.”
“I know my girl, that’s why I’m here.” Relief flooded me as I tried to stand, but she put a hand on my shoulder.
###Next D 274
Chapter 274 
I stared up at my grandmother as she pushed me back down to the ground. “How do I find her? How do I find your cabin from here? Are we even close?” My questions fly out of my mouth and she smiled as she settled next to me.
She grabbed my hands. “Calm my girl. Focus on me.” She breathed through her nose and out of her mouth. ” Follow my lead. Match me, and once you’re settled, we can find your girl.” My girl. The words seemed so foreign, but as I thought about it again, it settled in soul, and she was right. She was mine, almost as much as she was Carls. I focused on her eyes, matching my breathing with hers. She nodded. “Good. Now close your eyes. And picture that little girl.”
Once again I closed my eyes and remembered the bright giggling
ttle girl I first met at Carl’s store. So little, yet so bright. Her blonde curls danced in the light. Carl’s protectiveness, her innocence, all came rushing back. And so did the panic I felt as I found her on the ground, white wide eyes and cold skin.
I remembered how she felt in my arms, her tiny body as I lifted her from the ground. The worry when she started to shake in my arms. I was so new to children, having just lost my own pup and being reborn. I didn’t know what to do, but I knew I was going to protect her from Vince and Brandon,
“Good.” Her voice was soft, soothing. “Now remember her face.” Her bright blonde pigtails and soft chocolate brown eyes, face smeared with peanut butter as she came bouncing out of the back room, came to mind. “There she is.” Somehow, my grandmother was seeing what was in my mind. “Look at her. She is gorgeous, our girl, isn’t she?” I smiled because again, she was right. Our girl is beautiful. And I was going to protect her with my life. ” There. My girl focus on her face, and the need to protect her. She is in danger, and she won’t make it if we don’t get there in time.”
Panic bubbled in my chest, but I pushed it down. Carly wasn’t safe. Focus. I took a few more calming breaths, and I pulled her face back to me. “What do I do next?”
“What do you think?” She questioned me. “What do you feel?”
I focused on Carly, on her voice, the pain, the fear. And I slipped my hand from my grandmother’s and I buried it in the soil of my magic. Over the years, I have learned to use my magic without having to touch the pot, but right now? This felt right. I dug my fingers into my power well; I stretched deep in to my magic and then, like an arrow, I shot it out towards Carly.
I watched in my mind as it flew straight and disappeared behind the trees that Nix was still dodging, but then I felt it. The turn, the shift, the arrow changed direction. I snapped my eyes open to find my grandmother gone, and Megan panting.
“Megan?”
“We are exhausted.” She panted back to me. I stood, pushing forward, taking control, and letting Nix and Megan
rest.
“Direct the magic. I will get us to Carly.” I dug my claws in deeper, pushing myself to the limits, and I flew after the arrow.
“Nix?” Toya called, her taking over for her wolf.
“Amy.” I called back. “I know you’re tired. But we have to push. We are always there.” My friends dug deeper and followed me. Erubus, ever my shadow, was still on my tail. Silent as ever. 2
The arrow shifted again and I veered off to the right, everyone following me. I could hear their labored breathing and I felt guilty. But then the air shifted. It was subtle at first, then after a few more minutes of running, it was
stronger.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 274
“Salt? Are we close to the ocean?” Wendy called to me and nearly cried in relief.
“Yes.” Erubus called back, and then looked at me, but I ignored his pained look. I didn’t have the time for this right now. He pushed harder and came up next to me, running with me, and veered closer. I growled lightly, and he backed off. “Once we save the child, can we speak?”
I cut him a look. “Seriously, we are running to save a little girl and you want to chat?” I shook my head. I was going to say something else, but a bellow ripped through the air.
A second bellow followed the first, and dread filled my belly “Amy.” Someone called, but I pushed harder. I lept through the final outcropping of trees and rushed towards a stunning cabin on a familiar hill. Blood scented the air. 1
“No!” I screamed as I saw ten rogues circling a giant. A giant that was barely holding on. Carl was on his knees with blood pouring from his shoulder.
“Amy.” His voice was soft, but there was nothing but relief when his eyes met mine.
###Next D 275
Chapter 275 
1 headed straight for the man on his knees with a vicious growl. As soon as I got close, I dove for the first rogue I was near. Everyone else joined the fight, I knew, but I was focused on saving Carl. It was too soon. I wasn’t ready. And I knew Carly wasn’t ready either.
The rogues were pretty big, and as soon as we breeched the trees, they all squared up with us. We were the incoming threat. But what we hadn’t planned on, were there being so many. Even with Erubus, we were outnumbered five to one.
The rouge was quick; he dove away from every attack and countered. Toya and the girls were fighting tooth and claw as well, but from the corner of my eye, I could see Carl trying to get up. Trying to help. “Stay down Carl.” I called to him and I could see the thought in his mind. “We were fine. Stay alive. You have better things to worry about.” I called again while nearly avoiding a second rogue diving for my back.
That got through to him and he sagged onto his hands, the pain becoming too much. Then he gave the tiniest nod. I refocused on the fight, and caught the first rogue by surprise by jumping into the air and using a leaping rogue to change my direction, m front paw catching it around its neck as I went.
It dropped to the ground, bleeding out while I soared over the one attacking me and landing on his back. My teeth dug into its neck, and I thrashed until he stilled. I dropped him to the ground and moved on to the next. And the next.
Toya and the girls were holding their own and the pile of bodies was steadily growing bigger, one by one. But the.. pile of bodies under Erubus’s feet was impressive. He was keeping pace with me. Anytime I dropped one, he did. I‘ was distracted by Toya’s yelp that a rogue got close enough to sink its fangs into my shoulder.
I roared as I turned. It released me in surprise, and I used its stupidity to kill it. I whirled to the next one, again glancing over at everyone and I felt Nix and Megan freeze.
Erubus was fighting two wolves, while another two crept up from behind him. He wouldn’t be able to fight off
four.
Amy, I know we swore off males, and their stupidity, but I would really like to keep that one alive to redeem himself. Nix’s voice held a little worry. But I understood. I couldn’t have Rowan, not after today’s announcement. But Erubus, he was still possible. And after all of this is said and done, we needed a mate.
I kicked the wolf I was fighting, and I turned on my heel and sprinted towards where Erubus was fighting for his life. The two new wolves had joined the fight, and Erubus was taking bites and claws all over his body. One wolf got his tail, and he roared as I watched the wolves sever his tail in two.
As I ran, another got him in his neck, and his eyes met mine. There was something there: sadness, pain, regret. I couldn’t tell from this distance, but what I saw was when he gave up. He stopped fighting; he stopped moving, his eyes stayed on mine and he just…stopped.
“No.” I roared as I dove. I grabbed the wolf that had him by his neck and snapped straight through its neck. Erubus pushed up from the ground but staggered a step. I whirled to the next wolf, and the next. “Stupid male.” I called as I attacked the wolves surrounding him. “How…dare…you…give…up.” I panted as I faced off with the rest of the remaining rouges.
Erubus finally got to his feet, and he staggered over to me. “What?”
I turned to growl at him. “You don’t get to give up. Do you understand?” I nipped at his face. And then jumped over his back to intercept another wolf. While I was fighting one, he watched my back. When he was fighting one, I watched his. We fought next to each other, protecting each other, until everyone was dead. I stood panting, staring at the giant wolf in front of me. “How dare you!” I was so pissed. “How dare you give up?” I could stop the rage as
it filled me again.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 275
Erubus panted in front of me. “I just…”
“You just nothing. My father taught me never to give up, not until the job is done. Until everyone is saved. You survive, you fight, you live. Never fucking do that again.” I bellowed in his face.
“Sometimes you don’t-”
I was so angry I did something I had never done before, I slammed my aura out and into this male. “I command you to never give up again.”
+25 BONUS
C
###Next D 276
Chapter 276 
I watched his eyes widen. “Did you just command me?”
I got into his face, our whiskers bending against each other’s face. “You don’t get to give up in a fight. Not now, not ever, and if that takes me commanding you to do so, then so be it.” I growled, but then a soft cough had me whirling.
“Amy.” Carl’s soft gasp had me sprinting to his side. I shifted, my graduation gown a stark contrast to the bloody field.
“Carl.” I grabbed him around his waist and tried to pull him to his feet, but the scream he let out stopped me.” Come on. You’re fine.” I tried to convince myself. I dropped next to him, cupping his face. “Get up.”
“Amy.” His eyes filled. ”
“No, none of that.” I leaned in. “It’s too soon. She isn’t ready to live without you.”
“She’s been trained.”
I shook my head. “No. Carl, I’m telling you, it’s too soon.”
He gave a sad smile. “It’s always going to be toon soon.” I felt my lips tremble.
“Please.” I begged. I knew this was going to shatter his little girl.
He shook his head and his eyes turned hazy. “I wrote you a letter. It’s in the room I built for you.‘
“Carl, please.” I tightened my hands on his face. I pleaded again as everyone made their way closer. “She’s just a little girl.”
“She’s our little girl.” He sighed as we head the door open. “You promise me you will take good care of our girl.”
I felt the tears fall. “I’m not ready.”
“No one is ever ready to become a parent, Amy. Not one person.” He coughed and a little blood came out. “You think you are. You had months to prepare. But as soon as your pup is placed into your arms, and you feel that love, that pain, that unfiltered terror about how you are supposed to raise this tiny bundle in your arms, you never know just how unprepared you are until that moment.” He closed his eyes as her tiny little feet flew towards us. “ Keep her safe for me, will ya?” His voice wavered, and I heard his worry break through. “Make sure she knows her roots.”
I leaned in and touched my forehead to his. “I swear on the goddess that I will raise your daughter as my own. I will love her as my own. And I will raise her to know where she comes from. I promise she won’t forget you Carl.” My tears trailed down my face and I kissed him right before this tiny bundle flung herself at us.
As soon as Carly wrapped her arms around our necks, the world came to a stop. A tiny moment frozen in time. Both Carl and I pulled away, and Carly’s eyes were white. “The goddess hears your vow, three spirited one, and accepts. Soon, you will have to step into your role as protector. Not only for this child, but for the world. Are you and your pack ready? Is your mate?”
The voice I knew, I was speaking to the goddess and not Carly. “I have no mate.”
Carly looked over her shoulder, turning to gaze at everyone collected. “Not everything is as it seems, moon
blessed.” She turned back to me and smiled. “You have come so far from when we last walked side by side.” She cupped my cheek with her tiny hand. “Things are only going to get harder. Be prepared. Listen to your magic. Use your pack you made here to help with the girl. But remember, she is yours. And she will need you more than you think ” She closed her eves, and then her chocolate brown eyes were back and full of tears.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 276
“Carly?” I whispered.
“You came.” I just nodded. She hugged me, but then she was out of my arms and into Carls. “Daddy, you need to get up and come into the house so I can fix you.” She tried to pull away, but Carl clutched her to his chest. “I already got the bandages, like you told me.”
I sat back on my heels and I watched as Carl silently broke. His tears fell down his face, and trailed into his beard. But Carly never saw a thing. I was trying to be hopeful. He could heal from this. I pulled my magic to me and I reached out a hand, but Carl caught it. I met his eyes, and he slowly shook his head.
He was telling me not to waste my magic. He flicked his way to everyone, but I didn’t care. “I trust them.” I looked over my shoulder at my friends, but then my eyes fell on Erubus. “Well, most of them.” I saw my words hit, and he flinched a little, but I didn’t care. I didn’t actually know who he was. “I feel like I should apologize, but I don’t know you.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 277
turned back to Carl, but he still shook his head. “It’s too late.” I begged him with my eyes, but I saw the decision on his face. He was set on this outcome, but I wasn’t.
I pushed. “I healed from the brink, so can you.” I tried to pull back my hand, but he shook his head again. His face was turning gray, and the light was fading from his eyes. But he took a deep breath and rallied.
“Daddy, let Amy help us.” Carly’s little voice was heart wrenching. “Please.” She tried to pull away from his chest, but he started coughing, and his eyes widened a little as blood poured from his lips. “Daddy!” She screamed as she tried to pull away again.
Blood coated her back, as Carl lost his grip on her as he choked on his life’s blood. He finally caught his breath, and he stared into Carly’s eyes. I watched as his defeated eyes filled with all of his love for his daughter. “Baby girl. What is the first rule of our kind?” His laboured breathing was starting to gurgle, fluid building in his chest. He was waning. Everyone could see it, but he was holding on to make sure his little girl was okay. He leaned down and kissed her forehead.
She trembled as she shook her head. “No daddy, please.” She pleaded. “Stay with me.” She looked up and kissed his cheeks. “Let me make you better. Let Amy help. Please, daddy.”
He closed his eyes, and I could see his resolve teetering on the edge. He wanted to stay. “What’s our first rule?” He pulled back to look at her. “Come on, baby girl, what’s our first rule?”
Her lower lip trembled, and her tears continued to fall as she sniffled. She wiped her nose with her sleeve, as only little kids could, and she swallowed before she answered. “There is only one shaman at a time. One shaman at the time, for the balance of the world.” Carly looked at him, and he nodded. But another tear fell, and she leaned closer to his face. “But I’m not ready. I’m not trained yet. You promised you’d train me.”
Carl collapsed, so I pulled Carly away and helped him get to the ground fully. He was trying to sit up, but I pulled him back. I laid his head on my lap and then Carly cuddled against his chest. He wrapped his arms around her as he stared up at me. “I wish we had more time, baby. I really do, but you are special. Like Amy here. That’s why the goddess chose her to help you through your first vision. And why I chose her to take over for me here?”
“You said you would watch over me.” She cried into his chest and his face crumpled.
“Oh I will, baby. I will watch over you both every day of the rest of your life.” He kissed her head a few times. “I might not be here physically, but as long as the goddess will allow, I will be with you.” He hugged her close as I ran my fingers through his hair.
I looked up at Erubus, but I honestly stopped caring. “There is a way to check in.”
Carl snapped his eyes open.
“What?”
“It obviously can’t happen all the time, but I think the goddess will understand if I do it.” I gave them the only thing I could. Hope. “Carly, on the days that missing your daddy gets too hard, when it hurts too much, I promise you that your daddy will be there to help you through it.”
She shook her head as she looked up at me. “Don’t lie. Once he’s gone, he’s gone.”
I gave her a small smile. And I closed my eyes, opening myself to my power, and I called out. “Grandma, I need your help here. This little one needs hope, and you can help give this man a sliver if peace.” I felt her hand on my shoulder as everyone gasped. I opened my eyes and I looked up to see her smiling face.
“Hello again Carl.” Carl‘ stared up at my grandmother and then closed his eyes, and his face filled with peace. Your little girl here is adorable, my lad. You did good.” She sank to her knees as Carly looked up at her. “Hello, wee one.”
(
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 277
She sniffled again. “Who are you?”
“I’m Amy’s grandmother, And this…” She turned and waved her hand, the new cottage shifting to her old one. ” This was my home, once upon a time.”
“Daddy said the lady who lived here died a long time ago.”
“And I did.” She waved her hand again, and the old cabin ignited into flames. “There was an attack, much like this one. And like your father here, I gave my life for those I love. That gives me a little leeway with the goddess.”
+25 BONUS 
###Next D 278
Chapter 278 
Carl looked up at her. “Leeway? How?”
“What’s leeway?” Carly sat up against Carl, still clinging to him, but grasping on to the tiny thread of hope she was being handed.
“Leeway, my girl, means the goddess looks away when I nip down here to see my girl here.” She leaned over and I felt the ghost of her lips on my forehead. “When something like this happens, Carl. The goddess looks the other way when, say, someone calls for you.‘
“How is this possible?” Hanna looked at me, and then back at my grandmother.
She smiled up at my friends. “You know of her magic.” The girls nodded, but Erubus stayed still. I saw the tiny smile that sprang to her lips as her eyes landed on him. “Well, Amy sacrifices a tiny amount of magic to call for me, and another to help me come to this plane.” She waved her hands at me. “When she needs me, I come. Do you know what that means, little one?” Carly shook her head as my grand mother dropped to her knees beside me. She raised her hands to hold Carly’s face. “It means that when you are really sad, and you need to see your daddy. Amy can call him here for you and the Moon Goddess, in her understanding, will allow him to come to you. So even if he is gone, even hundreds of years from now, if you need him…Amy will bring him here for you.”
Carly closed her eyes and tilted her head. “I can’t feel you.
“No baby, you can’t. I’m not physically here. But that’s just one aspect of love, right? Physical touch. You will see your daddy, speak with him, get advice from him.”
I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “Even have him at important points, like your mating ceremony. Or to meet his grandchild.”
Carl’s eye snapped to mine. “Swear it.” I could see the pleading in his eyes. This was something he could never experience without me, but now it was an option. One he never had. “Please, swear it to be true. That I can come back for her.”
“I swear it.” I rubbed my hand against his cheek. “I will make sure you are there for everything.” He shuddered and his breathing became a rattle.
“But I want him with me every day.” Carly’s voice was a whisper as she laid back down next to him and he hugged her to his chest.
“I know, baby.” My answer wavered as my vision blurred. I laid my other hand on her head, and I looked up at my grandma. “I’m not ready.”
She smiled. “Just like he said. Get ready, my love.” She kissed me again. Then she turned to Erubus. “And you…get your head out of your ass. And think for yourself. You are a grown ass man. Grow some balls. You father would be ashamed of you.” He flinched at her words, and she softened. “You’re a good boy.” She looked at me and she leaned into me. “Listen to him when the time comes. You’re allowed to be mad. You’re allowed to be throw down, punch out, viciously pissed. But once you calm yourself, listen to the boy. He has his reasons.” I stared up at her, and her eyes furrowed. “Giove me your word, love.” 1
“I will. I promise.” She nodded and then she was gone. I looked at Erubus, and I watched as he decided. He came
closer to me.
“We have kept too many secrets from each other.” His words were filled with hurt, but he was right, so I just nodded. He closed his eyes. “Remember your promise.”
“What are you even talking about?” But before Erubus answered, Carl started to cough again. I turned back to the two in my lap. Carly pulled away and started to cry.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 278
“Don’t leave me, daddy. Please. I promise to be a good girl. I’ll eat my veggies and go to bed when you tell me. Just stay.” She wrapped her arms around Carl, but was staring at me.
Then he echoed Erubus’s words. “Remember your promise. His breathing slowed and then stopped.
“Daddy.” Carly pulled back, but his eyes were fixed on mine. The light behind them faded and then, in the fading light, his heart stopped beating. “Daddy! No daddy, come back.” His arms slipped from around Carly, and she struggled to keep his arms wrapped around her. “Coem back.”
I heard a curse, and then a soft whisper. “I’m going to fucking kill him.” From Toya. But Carl was gone. Five sets of knees hit the ground as I threw back my head and released my mourning howl. My friends all joined, and then a tiny voice joined ours. We sang to the rising moon about the man, the father we just lost. Then Carly was in my arms, sobbing.
“It’s okay pup. I got you.” I whispered into her hair, as I looked back at my friends. My people. Only to find a set of familiar eyes staring back at me.
“Let me explain.” He pleaded. But I just stood, rage burning in my belly. I turned, Carly clutched to my chest as I walked back to the cabin, my friends trailing behind me.
Leaving Rowan alone with Carl’s body.
###Next D 279
Chapter 279
Chapter 279 
“Amy…” Toya followed me into the house, but Carly pulled her head up.
She pointed at the wall beside the door. “Daddy said your friends would need robes, so we have them up and waiting for them.” Her little voice was barely above a whisper as I kept walking. They would figure it out.
I headed directly upstairs. I wasn’t exactly sure where I was going, but I knew I didn’t want to deal with that man right this second. Anyone really. But I was in charge of this little girl now, and she needed me. I hit the landing and stared into each room. There were so many bedrooms up here. “What the hell.”
“Daddy said we would need the rooms until everything settled down. Your friends are going to be here with us until you find your way.” Until I find my way. My stomach clenched. Carl saw all of this. He knew exactly how he was going to die and he prepared for it all, fully knowing it would never be long enough with his daughter.
“Which room is your bathroom?” I looked and found none in the hall.
“Daddy made bathrooms attached to my room and his…yours. The other bathroom is downstairs.” Then, as if all that was too much, she started crying again. Her new reality sinking in. I closed my eyes, holding her closer to my
chest.
“Okay. It’s going to be okay.” I headed to her room, a bubblegum pink room with princess curtains. “Your room is beautiful. Your daddy wanted to make sure you knew exactly how much he loved you.” I looked around the room and stopped when I saw a glass box stuffed full of letters. The one on top addressed to Carly, for your seventh birthday. I felt my stomach sink. She was only six.
Her sobs got me moving again. I kicked out the door and crouched down with her still in my arms. I turned the bath on and made sure the temperature was perfect, then I waited for it to fill, adding bubbles to make it a little more comforting.
“Come on, baby girl. Time for a bath.” Her sobs continued as I pulled her from my chest. I kissed her head and helped her into the tub. As soon as she hit the water, it turned pink, and I cursed. How had I not thought of that? I pushed on. I grabbed a cup from the tub lip and I poured cups of warm bubbly water over her curls. Her blonde hair and dried a dark rust color from the blood.
There was a knock on the door, and it swung open. Toya, freshly washed in a robe, stood in the door. “The girls are all taking a shower downstairs. We found the robes she told us about.”
I nodded as I poured more water into her hair. Then I grabbed the shampoo. I gave a tiny smile when the scent hit me, strawberry, just like I loved to use.
We will go back to using it again once all of this is all said and done. Nix‘ spoke up for the first time since I pushed forward. I miss it.
Megan agreed, but she stayed back. Our pup needs you right now, Amy, not us, Her voice was soft, but her words struck a chord.
Our pup. She was ours now. Her father had joined her mom and I was all she had left. And my wolves accepted her instantly. Tears welled up in my eyes. Thank you. I sent back to them but they just shook their heads.
Foolish girl, she was meant to be ours. Can’t you feel it? Nix came a bit closer, and Megan joined her. I felt them reach out to Carly, and her sobs quieted a little.
“I can do this.” Toya nodded towards her in the tub, but I shook my head.
“I think…” My words faded. “I know. We need this. All of us” I looked over my shoulder and Toya nodded.
“He’s still outside.” Her words were soft.
Chapter 279
+25 BONUS
“And there he can stay.” My words held a bite. I closed my eyes as I scrubbed the shampoo through Carly’s hair.
“You gave a promise.” Toya leaned against the door frame.
I let out a deep sigh. And I gave a nod. “She said I could be angry. And I am.”
Toya nodded. “But…” She stared at me with knowing eyes.
“But when I’m less angry, I will listen. I gave my word.” I looked at her again. “But that doesn’t mean it is going to be anytime soon.” She snorted out a laugh.
“I’ll send him away.” I nodded once more than rinsed out the shampoo.
“Okay baby girl. We need to drain this yucky water and start fresh.” I pulled the plug and watched as the rusty water drained away.
She looked up at me with swollen eyes. “He’s gone.”
###Next D 280
The tub finished draining as Carly stood there, and I nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, he is.” She shivered as I turned the warm water back on, allowing the tub to refill. But I doubt she felt any of it. I helped her back into the water and squeezed more shampoo into her hair, the water barely changing color this time. After I rinsed, I added the conditioner. I knew I was stalling. What do I say to a kid who just lost everything? “Carly…” She barely registered me, but her eyes finally met mine. “I won’t lie to you and tell you that the pain, this hurt, will go away anytime soon.” She whimpered, her little lip trembling as she turned to face me fully. “Pain like this, loss like this. It’s going to hurt for a very long time.” How do you explain this kid of loss to a child?
But she nodded. “I don’t think I’ll ever not miss my daddy.”
I cupped her face. “And that is okay.” I wiped her tears. “But daddy wants you to be okay. And he wants you to be happy. Right?” She nodded as she bit her bottom lip. “But.” I wiped at her fresh tears. “I want you to know that it is okay to be sad. To be mad.” She looked up at me. “Some days, especially right now, are going to be hard. But I’m going to be here with you. Anytime you want to talk about your daddy, anytime you want to yell or cry or just be sad or mad, I’ll be here.”
I turned her around and rinsed out the conditioner. Once she was clean, I got her out of the tub and wrapped her in her robe. I sat her down as I blow dried her hair. I danced around her, making sure not to get her dirty again.
We got her into a fresh set of pajamas, and then I tucked her into bed. I turned on her dancing bear nightlight and then I turned to leave her to grieve while I went to figure out what the hell I was doing. “Amy?” Her soft voice stopped me at her door.
“Yeah, sweetheart?”
“Are you my new mommy?” Her question, so heavy. Too heavy for a little girl who just had her world shattered.
I turned back and went to the side of her bed. “Your mommy, she went to be with the goddess when you were a
babe, and your daddy joined her.” She nodded, but then her little lip trembled. “What’s wrong?”
“You don’t want to be my mommy.” She covered her face with her hands.
“Oh goddess, baby, of course I do.” I reached for her and pulled her as close to me as I could, still covered in muck. She pulled back and I cupped her face. “I will be whoever you want me to be. You friend, your family, someone who takes care of you. But listen to me when I say this. You are mine, ours. My wolves accept you as ours. Never for one second think different.” I leaned over and kissed her forehead. “Now sleep.‘
She leaned back against the bed and curled up into a little ball, tears streaming down her face. I walked to her door and stepped out, but leaned against the frame, listening to her tiny sobs. Toya walked back up to me.
“She okay?” I just shook my head. “Can’t blame her.” She leaned against the other wall. “I got him to leave, but he said he will be back.” I just cut her a look, earning a smirk. “I’m not getting involved.” She looked to the door as we heard another sob. “She won’t sleep tonight.”
She has lost everything. Nix whispered, her heart hurting for our pup.
She is going to be a wreck for a while, and sleep will be hard. Megan settled against my barrier as Nix pulled closer. Can we help her?
I pushed away from the door frame. “Let’s give her a minute.” Toya followed me to the next room, my room, I
guess.
“What are you going to do?” She closed the door behind us, “You have a kid now that no one can know about.” I walked to the desk, and the letter was waiting for me there. “I have you guys.” Toya lifted her brow. I sighed. “I know Micca and Hanna have to go back to their packs, but Wendy’s alpha doesn’t have a position for her. And you
Chapter 280
www
+25 BONUS 
“I don’t have a pack.” She finished, and I nodded.
“If you two are okay with it, I’ll hire you to help me here.” looked up and pleaded with her.
“You don’t even have to ask. Wendy and I already talked about it.” Relief hit me in the chest. “But what are you going to do? You have to go back to Vince’s pack.”
“I’ll figure it out.” I waved my hand absentmindedly. Something was building. But I needed to read the letter first.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 281
I opened the letter in my hands, and a wave of raw pain hit me in the chest. Carl’s neat handwriting met me.
Amy,
I know right this minute I am laying on the cold earth after doing everything to save my little girl. I know you just spent an hour taking care of her, and for that, I am eternally grateful. But if you allow her to stay awake, she will hurt herself. I’ve seen it. So I beg you to put her to sleep.
Use your magic, and put her to sleep every night for the next few months. She is a child, but she is my child, and I know her. She is an old soul in a tiny body and she sees more than you think she does. But she doesn’t see the entire picture yet, and if you allow her to, she will put herself in danger. And with it, the world.
I looked up from the letter to see Toya standing close. “What’s wrong?” She came closer.
“He wants me to put her to sleep. For the next few months.
Toya took the letter and read it. “He’s seen it.” She handed me back the letter. “I can’t blame the child. She’s grieving. When I thought my parents were lost, I was going to do something reckless. But you saved me.”
I stared at her. “You never told me.”
She raised her shoulder. “I hadn’t actually got that far into my plan. Just that I didn’t want to stay here if I lost everyone and everything like she has.” She played with her family ring on her finger. “But my loss wasn’t real, her isn’t. Even if she doesn’t understand fully in her mind, she knows she lost her father…her everything.” Toya nodded towards the letter. “Listen to him. Put her to sleep.” I nodded and turned back to the letter.
I hate to ask this of you, knowing you are already doing so much for me, raising my daughter. But can you bury me here near the cabin? So that Carly can visit me and know that I am still here with her. That I will hear her prayers, and walk next to her on her hard days. I know in my heart she will know, and you will help her remember me, but I need this. For my soul to be at peace.
I picked a nice spot behind the cabin. On the edge of the woods, under the big oak. We spent many days there, having picnics, watching the sunset over the cabin. She said it was her favourite place here, and I want to be a part of that still.
I built rooms for your friends; I know they will help while you have your position in your pack. Take the position Vince is offering you. I won’t speak about that anymore than I already have. But you need to take the position. The commute will be easier than you think.
I furrowed my brow at that. How is that even possible?
Check that stone of yours. You will figure it out.
The man was as cryptic as my grandmother.
Lastly, a few things. Carly has a box of letters in her room, and there is another in here for her. I wrote them for her big milestones, so she knows I’m with her. Tell her about me. About her mom. I left videos, and more letters to you about us. You can show her when she is older if you like. I want her to know where she came from. The love we had when we made her. I want her to know how much I loved her mother, how her coming into my life swept me off my feet. Our love was a flash in the pan, compared to my life, but it was bright and deep. Meeting her inother was the second brightest moment in my long life, but Carly has always been the first.
Having her in my arms, even as I lost the love of my life, was still the brightest spot in a life that was filled with darkness. I have lived a long life, longer than most even know, and until I met these two women, I had never known warmth. She deserves to know about it.
Chapter 281
+25 BONUS
Her wolf will be different from any you have seen before, but I think you and yours will understand being different. Don’t let her feel self conscious about her wolf, she might, and I don’t want her to feel out of place. She has her own path to walk, but she needs you to walk it with her until she’s capable of walking it alone.
Most importantly, I need you to make me a promise. Love her. Love her as if she came from you. Love her as I love her, even when you get your mate, even when you have your own pups, love her…for me.
Meeting you was the third bright spot, Amy, because I knew I could trust my baby in your hands.
Thank you.
###Next D 282
I had to cover my mouth before any sobs broke free. I couldn’t break down yet. Not yet. I looked to the ceiling, praying for a bit more time. I had things I needed to do. I put the letter on the desk and took in a deep breath. I looked at Toya. “Have everyone picked bedrooms.”
“What are you going to do?”
I stared down at my dirty dress; I turned to the closest. I probably wasn’t going to find much to wear, but I was going to need something else to do what I had to. I opened the closet and UI stumbled back a step. There was a sticky note on a shelf and I pulled it off.
This room was always yours. I was just using it.
The closest was filled with women’s clothes. I grabbed a black sweat suit and pulled off my dress. Toya came over, confusion on her face. “What is all this?”
I had to bite back a sob. “He filled it for me.” There were two laundry baskets pushed into the corner. One clean, and one obviously dirty. “He lived out of baskets.” I walked over and grabbed a shirt, pulling it to my nose. Carl’s scent hit me in the face. Perfect. “I would check the rooms. If there aren’t any clothes, you guys can grab from here. But I have a feeling Carl had planned for everything.” Then I headed out the door to Carly’s room.
Her sobs were still loud, and when I knocked, she barely acknowledged me. I slipped in and walked to her bed. “Go away.” Her tiny voice was broken, and I felt my heart clench.
“I will, but I thought maybe you would want this.” I sat on her bed as she turned to me. Her face was swollen and red from her tears, but I ignored the anger I saw there. I was interrupting her grief. But I pulled one of her cuddling pillows and I slipped Carl’s shirt over it, handing it to her.
She was too young for her wolf to be awake yet, but even now, she had a heightened sense of smell. I waited until I saw recognition hit her face. Her eyes snapped to mine. “This is…”
“Your daddy’s. Smell it.” I nodded.
She sniffed back her snot, and I forced away a smile. I can still remember my mom yelling at me to blow my nose instead of doing that. But I waited until she brought the shirt to her nose and smelled her father’s scent. She closed her eyes and more tears fell. “Daddy.” She curled around the pillow, taking in his scent, as I stood.
I reached for my power, and it sprang eagerly to my fingertips. “Ni sur vor clin slet.” I whispered the words, and I waited until she fell into a deep sleep, still cuddled around the shirt. I watched her for a moment, making sure the magic took, then I slipped out of her room and down the stairs.
“Amy.” Wendy came over to me, worry etched on her face. Are you okay?”
I just nodded. “I’m fine.” I looked around the room. Wendy was alone. “Where is everyone?”
“Gone to get dressed.” Wendy looked down at her robe. “I wanted to wait for you.”
Worry gripped my stomach. “What’s wrong?”
Wendy grabbed my hand. “Nothing. I was just worried about you.” My stomach unclenched. “I know Toya talked to you already. But I wanted to make sure you know I will help you any way I can.” I smiled.
“Thank you.” I blew out a breath. “Go get dressed.”
“Where are you going?” She looked at me this time. “You haven’t showered yet?” I just shook my head. “Why not?” 
“I still have something to do.” I nudged her with my hip as walked past.
Chapter 282
+25 BONUS
“Let me help you.” She tried to follow, but I shook my head. This was something I had to do alone.
“It’s okay. Stay here and listen for Carly.” I smiled over my shoulder as I walked out of the door. I walked around the house and started towards the big oak tree that had a shovel leaning against it. I had to close my eyes as I made it to the tree. He knew.
He knew that tonight was the night he was going to die, and he had prepared everything. The shovel. Giving Carly his phone, the fucking prick made sure everything was in place for me to come here and take his place.
I looked up to the full moon staring down at me and I did the only thing I had been wanting to do since I stumbled out of these trees.
I screamed.
I screamed out my anger, my pain, my heart break. Tears trailed down my face as I screamed up at the moon. ” Why would you do this to us? To her?” But the moon held no answer. She sat quietly in the sky, staring down at me, as I snatched the shovel and dug into the dirt at my feet
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 283
Chapter 283 
I was out there for over an hour before someone came out and checked on me. I had zoned out, sinking deep into the rage I had pushed away as I dug into the soft dirt. Every time I blinked, my mind flashed to Carl’s last breath, me looking up to seek my friends, my people and having my eyes fall on Rowan. “So fucking stupid.” I mumbled to myself.
I gave a soft sigh. “I should have figured you were out here brooding.” Toya sat at the edge of my hole. I kept digging, ignoring her words. I wasn’t brooding. I was digging a grave. I must have mumbled exactly that, because Toya chuckled. “Two things can be true at the same time.” 
I snapped my head up and I pointed at her. “Shut up.” She raised her hands in surrender, and I had to close my eyes and clench my jaw. “Sorry.” But I turned back to digging.
She sighed again. “Amy…”
“No.” I wouldn’t let her finish.
“Just listen to me.” She huffed out and I slammed my shovel into the ground.
“Fine. Say what you came out to say and be done with it.” I glared up at her and she shook her head.
“You’re angry at him because he kept his wolf hidden from you.” She said it as a statement, not a question, so I didn’t say anything. She raised her brow and then continued. “But you and Nix did the same to him. If you were both honest with each other, none of this would have happened. I get that you’re mad that he didn’t tell you, but-”
“No.” I yelled, surprising her. “I’m not mad that he turned out to be Erubus. Goddess, if it was just that, I would have been happy. Estatic even. Nix had set her eyes on him, and I…” I trailed off as I felt my tears burn behind my eyes. “I wanted Rowan. I wanted him so fucking desperately, I begged him. Begged him to help me.” I felt a traitorous tear fall, and I slapped it away, smearing dirt onto my face. “But he left me. They left me. The male that we both chose turned his back on me, and even then I would have still been excited.” I leaned against the wall of the hole.
“But?”
“But now, the man I loved, because I was in love with him. As stupid as it sounds. And the wolf that Nix was set on just told the entire kingdom that he is engaged.” I looked up at her and I felt more tears fall. “He said I was his. I was his, but his wolf was set on another. And I was sad, but understood cause Nix felt the same way. But the man I want and the wolf she wants is the same fucking person and instead of getting to have my happily ever after, I get to find out that he is engaged?”
Toya looked down at me. “It’s been years.”
“Yes.” I wiped the tears again. “It has, and I know in my head I can’t be mad. Okay. I know this is stupid.” I grabbed the shovel. “But he was supposed to wait.” There I said it. “He was supposed to follow the plan and wait. He was supposed to pretend to date these fucking women and then we were supposed to take down the corrupt and then figure everything else out.”
“Amy.” I watched as she looked down at me and I felt my anger bubble again.
“Look, I already told you I know it’s stupid. My head is saying one thing, but my heart is saying another.” I started to dig again. “That’s why I walked away from him. I couldn’t face him. Not that second. At that moment, I felt like he had lied to me all over again. That he walked away from me when I needed him, again.” She made a noise. “You are supposed to be on my side. You’re supposed to be my friend.”
She stood. “And I am. But I wouldn’t be your friend if I didn’t question you.” She turned. “You both have your own things going on. And you both have your own plans.” She looked over her shoulder back at me. “Maybe, just
*** *25 BONUG
Chapter 283
maybe, think on that before you write him off completely. Then she walked away from me, and my hole.
I snarled as I started digging again. Fuck her. Fuck her and m and everyone else.
She has a point. Megan whispered to me, earning a snarl from both Nix and I. You can be mad at me if you want, but think about our plans. 
Shut it. Nix snarled.
But Megan shook her fur out and moved closer to Nix. No. You always taught me to stand up for my opinion. To make sure you two listen. So that’s what I’m doing.
###Next D 284
Chapter 284
I closed my eyes and leaned against the end of the shower. Be alwat “I was over this night, and I still had to dig a few more feet before I could bring Carl over.
You are planning to use Brandon to get closer to Vince. You have been laying the groundwork for months. Letting him closer. Talking to him more. She sat on her haunches and glared at Nix and f
What’s your point? We need to get close to him so we can do what we have to. Nix snarled.
That is my point. We are doing what we have to do. We will use my ex mate to get what we need to figure out who is behind the attacks on the packs. So that our father, Toya’s father, can come out of hiding. So that our mother can be with her mate.
“And?” I tilted my head back and stared up at the moon, glared really. She was above me, staring down at me and, in that moment, laughing at me.
And maybe that is exactly what Rowan is doing.
I sighed. “But what if he’s not?” The question hung there.
Megan looked between us again, only this time, her gaze was softer. Then he’s not, and he has moved on. Found his fated mate and we will do the same. Her words were soft, but firm. I gave up my mate. For this that happened in another life because you two were right, he didn’t deserve us. But the same can be said about Rowan. If he
doesn’t deserve us, then we move on. We are still young. We have a whole long life ahead of us.
“I still love him.” Another truth I didn’t want to admit.
I know, and that’s okay. Just like you told Carly early, the pain won’t be easy, and it won’t fade for a while. But it will get easier. The Megan, in all her wisdom, turned around and stalked off into the forest, leaving Nix and I alone with ourselves.
I kept my gaze on the moon. “She’s right, you know.”
Nix sighed as she laid herself against the barrier. I know…I just don’t like it.
I laughed then, because what else could I do? “Yeah, I don’t like it either.”
We will have to speak to him eventually. She whispered.
“Yeah, but it’s doesn’t have to be today, or any time soon.” I started to dig again. “I think we have our own things to focus on and work on still.”
She signed and laid her head down onto her paws. They are the same person.
“Yepp.” I spent the next thirty minutes finished the grave, and then I hopped out of it. I dropped the shovel by the pile of dirt, waiting to be backfilled, and I went to pick up Carl.
I don’t know how to be a mom. Nix’s voice wavered, and I smiled.
“Neither do I.” I walked back through the bodies and found the rogues roughly tossed into a pile. Wood tossed around him. “Rowan was busy.”
“He wanted to do everything, but I told him you would want to put Carl to rest.” Toya came from the shadows of the cabin. “So he did this. But I warned him to leave if he heard you coming.”
“And he listened?” I stared at the bodies at my feet, my heart cracking a little more.
Toya sighed. “He did. But it had less to do with my words.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 284
“What do you mean?” I looked up, and she just shook her head.
Carl really thought of everything.” She
“You’re going to have to figure that out yourself.” She jiggled a jerry can. dropped the hose at her feet and walked over, pouring the gas over the bodies.
“Yeah.” I waited as she lit a pack of matches and then tossed them on the pile. Igniting the bodies and the wood. This is going to take all night.”
She hummed. “The girls and I are going to take shifts, keeping the flames burning. I already talked to them about it.”
I turned to her. “Thank you.”
She walked over and wrapped her arm around my shoulders “We are best friends. You don’t have to say thank you.” She kissed my temple. “Go lay our friend to rest. I have things handled here.”
I nodded and pulled away. I turned and lifted Carl from the ground, walking him back to the giant oak, and jumping into the hole. I laid him down and did my best to wipe the blood from his face. I fixed his hair and his shirt. I was about to stand when my fingers brushed a small paper sticking out of his shirt pocket.
I pulled it out, and there was a hastily scribbled note. I thought I had more time. I dumped everything into a bowl on the counter.
###Next D 285
Chapter 285 
I dumped everything into a bowl on the counter. What the hell was he talking about? I checked his other pockets to be safe before I hopped up. I grabbed the shovel, turning back to the man and the grave, but before I could fill it in. I felt a hand on my shoulder.
I turned and looked, and there was my grandma, sadness etched her face. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
“I know, love, that’s why I’m here.” She leaned in and kissed my cheek. “Grab a handful of dirt.” She nodded toward the mound. I dropped the shovel and grabbed a handful before I turned to look at her expectantly. “Carl, or better known as Carlithaen, the Shaman of old. We lay you to rest to join the Moon Goddess. May her fields be bright and cool. May your wolf and you run together for eternity.” She nodded to me and I went to drop the dirt, but something stopped me.
My grandmother turned to me, and I could see her confusion. “I-” I tried to explain, but she just gestured to me.
“Follow your instinct.”
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I opened myself to my magic, and it jumped to my fingertips. “Isla fo int ye per ta na shado.” My grandmother’s eyes widened.
“Why did you do that?”
“Do what?” I felt the magic rush into the dirt in my hands and then I sprinkled the dirt over Carl.
“You protected his grave.” She tilted her head. “No, that isn’t right.”
“What?”
“You just said a spell.” I nodded.
“And…”
“And it wasn’t one before, just now.” Her voice was soft.
“Of course it was. I remembered it from the book.”
She shook her head. “I remember every spell in my book, my love. But that one, that one, was new. You took my protection spell that my mother and I created long ago, and you twisted it.”
“What are you talking about?” I grabbed the shovel again and crouched by Carl’s head. “I’ll protect her with my life.” Then I stood and started to fill in the grave as my grandmother paced.
“My spell, or I should say, my mother’s spell, was created when I was a child. She created a protection spell, and when I came into my power, we perfected it together. But you, you took it, and created a shield.”
“How could I do that?”
“I don’t know.” She turned to me.. “Wolves with magic have never been able to create new spells. Your father’s book, he has spent these last years finding spells for his book. Not creating them. The three headed goddess has never blessed a wolf as she has a witch.”
“Until now.” A voice called from the trees. Instantly, I was on edge. I looked behind at the fire, but no one was looking this way. “Don’t worry, wolf, the others will not see.” She stepped from the woods. The goddess I saw in my dream from the beginning. “I see you recognize my faces.” She shifted from an old woman to a young one. Every time my eyes landed on her face, it shifted. Young, old, light–skinned, and dark. She was every woman and none, all at once. It was dizzying trying to track the changes. So I focused on her eyes. Her eyes that seemed to be lit with the same light that I found years ago deep inside of myself. Magic.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 285
There was a crack, and another shape took form next to her “I have shown her the way, sister.” My grandmother came to stand next to me. I could feel the tension in her body, even though she was just here in spirit.
The Moon Goddess and the Three Headed Goddess both stood next to the oak. I looked between them and then at my grandmother. She bowed as she looked at the two goddesses. “Mother, Maiden, Crone. Welcome. Moon Goddess, welcome.” Her eyes met mine and there was a tiny spark of fear in her eyes.
“Merry met my child.” The shifting goddess stepped closer staring into my eyes, but I just placed down the shovel and faced them. Surprise flashed, across her face. “You are not afraid of me?” Her voice held amusement as I looked up at her. She was a very tall woman.
“Should I be?” My voice was soft as I answered.
The Moon Goddess chuckled, but the witch goddess threw back her head and cackled. “No, my child, you shouldn’t. But even the most devoted of my followers hold a bit of fear.”
I looked back to the Moon Goddess, and she me gave a tiny hod. “I have walked with a goddess before.” She smirked back at me. “And the thing I have learned was that if she wanted me dead, then I would be dead. There is no changing my fate once it is set by a goddess. But my wolf my Lycan, and my magic are all telling me the same thing.”
“And what is that?” Her face shifted to a motherly face.
“You need me for something.”
###Next D 286
My grandmother gasped, but the two goddesses looked at each other. “You are right.” The three faced goddess smiled back at her sister. “She is the one.” The moon goddess just nodded.
“I’m the one for what?” My mouth moved too fast for me to even consider questioning a couple of goddesses.
My grandmother gasped. “We do not question a goddess, Amy. Nevermind two.” She eyed the two and bowed again. But the two just smirked.
“We do not need blind followers. You can question our judgement, or our cause.” The Moon Goddess smiled as she walked closer to us. “We expect it. Crave it really. Because it means that we have done our jobs.”
“Your jobs?” I looked over my shoulder at my grandmother but she shrugged.
The three faced goddess stepped up next to her sister. “Yes. We want our followers, our children, to have free will. To demand it. To walk through their day and fight back tooth and nail because that is what life is about. Making choices. Striving for greatness. Living.”
The Moon Goddess nodded. “When I created Lycans and wolves, I wanted them to choose their own lives. Their own paths. I gave them mates because I saw what would happen if people were left to find their own partners. I have watched over the humans and seen their heartbreak. I have felt their heart break myself.” She looked down at her hands. “But free will doesn’t always mean walking the path of good. And with in the light, the shadows grow.” “The shadows? The rogues?” The Moon Goddess nodded.
“And those that wield their magic for evil. Evil, in all forms, is a choice.” The crone stood in front of me now, pale yet strong. “And sometimes, sometimes, we need a champion.”
My grandmother gasped. “No, you can’t mean Amy.”
I looked at her, but she looked terrified. “What?” I was tired, and slow.
“We do.” The Moon Goddess came to my side and cupped my face. “You are from my flesh, my power, my blood. But you also stem from my sister. Her kernel is in you, and you have nourished it.”
“Three spirited one. You walk on both paths, and both paths need a champion.”
“Champion? I just want to live.” I stared up into the bright eyes of the goddess.
“You have seen the future, lived it. You had to have seen the dark times were coming.” I nodded. Before I died, there were murmurs. But I didn’t believe them.
“They were just stories.”
“Were they?” The goddess dropped her hands and leaned in to kiss my forehead. I felt the moon blessed mark flair to life. “Stories tend to hold a kernel of truth.” She stepped back and the three faced goddess came to me.
“And those stories, those lies that hide the truth, are a weapon. A weapon that makes you think that there is nothing, because if there was, the world would collapse.”
“No.” My grandmother shook her head. She understood what they were saying, but I was still lost.
But the goddess nodded. “We are at the end. If someone doesn’t intervene. Then you.” She cupped my face and kissed my brow. There was a searing pain the wrapped across my forehead and down my temples. “You will all be lost.”
“Lost…as in dead?” I looked up at her and she nodded.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 286
“The Lycans were almost too late, almost, but hiding isn’t an option any longer.” She stepped back and my mind spun. I looked down at the ground, trying to clear my mind, trying to make sense of her words.
The Lycans were almost too late…hiding isn’t an option.
“You can’t mean…” I looked up to find myself alone. I spui but my grandmother has gone too. I dropped the shovel and sprinted to the fire where all the girls were there. I skidded on the wet ground and they turned, mouths dropping open. “Thelycansarestillalive.” My words were rushed, coming out as one. But I stared at my friends, waiting for them to react. But they were all staring at my forehead. “Did you hear me?” I waited for a reaction, a realization like I had, but there was nothing. So I said it again, slower. “The Lycans are still alive.” 
That worked. They all snapped to my eyes. “What?” Toya grabbed for my arm.
“I think the Lycans are still alive. Or some of them, anyway
“Why?”
“The Goddess…”
“The Moon Goddess?” Wendy furrowed her brow.
I nodded. “And the three faced Goddess came to speak to me. I’ll tell you all about it. But the last thing she said before she disappeared is that the Lycans were almost too late, almost.” I emphasized the ‘almost‘. “And that hiding was no long an option.”
“So they are…hiding?” Hanna questioned, and I pointed and nodded.
“Okay, we can circle back around to the Lycans.” Micca waved her hands. “What the fuck is that?”
###Next D 287
Chapter 287 
+25 BONUS
“What is what?” I looked around, trying to see what she was pointing at. I turned to look behind me, but there was nothing. I turned back and all of their faces, lit by the glow of the flames, were full of disbelief.
Micca came over and pulled out her phone. “Don’t move.” She took a photo and then turned it around. The screen was dark except for the fire to my right and…
I touched my forehead where new marking were glowing in the dark on my forehead. It lit the top of my face; the glow was so strong you could just make out my eyes in the darkness. A soft blue, white light emanated from the design carved by the goddesses. I traced the design, awe filled my chest, and a soft tingle hit my fingertips. Before there was just a crescent moon, but now, the crescent moon shifted to a full moon in the center, and two crescent moons on the sides. Vines wrapped around the crescent moons, trailing up into my hair and trailing down the sides of my face, I brushed it again and I felt a stronger vibration in my fingertips. “I don’t know.” The words were a whisper from my lips. I closed my eyes and felt the burn it my forehead again with each kiss. The moon goddess changed her design, and the three faced goddess added her own.
“You have been blessed by both goddesses.” Hanna’s voice was filled with awe and worry.
“Okay, walk us through what happened.” Wendy steered us back to what I was talking about.
“Toya left me to think over what she said and I turned back to Carl’s last rites. I didn’t know what I was supposed to do, and just filling in the grave seemed too impersonal. Then my grandmother showed up, helping me. She told me to listen to myself, and in doing so, I apparently made a new spell.”
“A new spell…” Wendy looked back to the gravesite. “For what, exactly?”
“I’m not sure. I just wanted to protect his grave. My grandma said I created a shield spell.” I raised my shoulder. I glanced over at the hole, and I knew I had to go back to finish. But my mind spun with another idea when I turned back to the cabin.
“Do you create new spells all the time?” Her words pulled me from my own thoughts and back to the conversation. I turned to her, and I found Hanna already looking at me and her eyes bouncing between my own and my forehead.
“No.” I shook my head. “It’s never happened before.”
“What about other people?” Micca pointed out.
“I don’t know, but she said that wolves were blessed with the power to create spells.”
“Until you.” Toya finished, and I nodded. “Then two goddesses showed up to bless you. Why?”
“They need something.” Wendy grabbed for my hand. “They need something from you and it’s dangerous.” I looked away. “What do they need you for, Amy?” I looked away from her. But she could see it. “They want you to risk something, do something that is dangerous.” I looked down at my nails, not knowing how to answer. “Amy.” Toya grabbed me by my shoulders. “Tell me she’s wrong.” I stayed silent and looked into her eyes, begging for her to understand. “Tell me she is wrong, Amy Tell me that the goddesses were just blessing you because you are descended from them. Tell us you’re going to be smart and safe, and not jumping in feet first into something stupid and dangerous.” She waited for a minute but stayed silent. “Tell us, Amy.” she shook me.” TELL US.” I could see something akin to panic enter her eyes.
I reached out and cupped her wrists. Everyone seemed to come closer, staring at me with worry in their eyes. They didn’t actually say that, not really.‘
“What did they say, then?” Hanna raised a brow, and I felt a ghost of a smile lift my lips.
66
+25 BONUS
Chapter 287 
I stepped back, pulling Toya’s hands from my shoulder and turning to the fire. “You know our world has shifted. With these attacks, losing the Lycans, everything has been changing for years. And there is something, someone behind it all.” 
“Stop trying to explain.” Micca cut in, her voice a little angry. “If we allow you to explain, it will sound reasonable to us. You will explain it in a way that we will have to agree? She waved her hands. “Just tell us what they said, and then you can make your explanation when I have had more sleep, and I have the ability to form arguments.” I snorted and then nodded.
“They said that they needed a champion. To stop the end of the world…our world. They both need a champion to stop the evil hiding in the darkness.”
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 288
Chapter 288 
###Next D 288
Chapter 288 
“Absolutely not.” Toya shook her head and crossed her arms.
“Toya-”
“No, Amy. I’m with Toya. You politely, graciously turn them down.” Wendy sidled up next to Toya. And then so did Micca and Hanna. I felt burning behind my eyes as I shook my head.
“We don’t agree.” Hanna pulled her shoulders back and had this defiant look on her face.
“You guys.” I started turning to them. But Micca stomped her foot.
“No.” Her brows furrowed, and she glared at me. “You are our friend, our alpha, and we refused, dammit. I love the Moon Goddess in all her glory, but she can’t take you from us.
”
I sighed. “I love you. All of you. And I will be your friend and alpha until the end. But when the goddess, goddesses.” I corrected. “When the two goddesses you descend from come knocking, you answer.” I watched their faces fall. They haven’t asked for anything I wasn’t already planning on doing. We have discussed this many times over.”
“But you have a kid now.” Hanna murmured, and I nodded.
“Just another reason to do what we have to do.” I turned back to the fire and felt them move closer. “The people behind these attacks need to be stopped. The world, our world, needs to be able to thrive and to do that, we have to stay hidden. These attacks, the moves that certain people are making, will expose us soon or later. The humans will eradicate us if they find us.”
“You can’t know that for certain.” Micca offered.
“Yes, we do.” I shook my head. “We have all seen their movies, their shows. They are showing us exactly how they would act if the world found out about us. One or two close to us might accept up, but they would either abuse us, study and dissect us, or try their very best to kill us off. Humans don’t accept the unknown or things they don’t understand.” I waved them off. “It doesn’t matter. Humans aren’t really a threat right now. What matters is that we need to find out who is behind these attacks. Is it one, or more than one, person pulling the string? And more importantly, we need to know who are the next targets. My father was one, obviously. I haven’t figured out if your father was a target or more collateral damage.” I looked at Toya.
“Why do you say that?”
“I have been thinking. Your father’s pack was attacked, but it wasn’t like a full scale attack. It was smaller attacks, one right after the other. Since Rowan sent me the information about the scale of the attack that took out the pack, I noticed there were a lot more wolves there.” I looked at the fire. “Now, the smaller attacks could have been just the preamble. Like they were in my father’s pack. But it could have been for supplies. They live out of caves. Supplies aren’t really abundant. They attack to steal. To survive. I can show you later.” I waved my hands again. I’ve been piecing it all together over this last year. But you father’s pack could have been a target for stealing, and to weaken our forces. And then he moved onto my father’s land and became collateral damage.”
“So you are thinking they are targeting big packs?” Wendy gripped her hands.
I nodded. “Since the king died, the largest packs have been disappearing and their survivors have been reabsorbed into other packs. Vince’s pack is one pack that has exploded with wolves for the last twenty years. It went from being in the bottom of rank and size to one of the biggest. I think the year before I was born it was rank ninety six. Now it’s top ten.”
Wendy pulled out her phone and clicked a few times. “Actually, they went from one hundred and thirty–sixth to eighth. In less than twenty years.” She clicked à few more times. “We used to have almost a hundred and fifty
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 288 
packs around North America. Now, it’s dwindled to just under a hundred.” 
“Fuck.” Hanna grabbed the phone. She clicked a few more times and turned the phone. “You know I told you we moved here from Japan. But I didn’t tell you why. My father’s clan, our pack, was the last pack of Japan. Our wolves are a mimic of the Honshu wolf, native to the area, but it was hunted down. We assumed the packs were being inadvertently hunted by the humans. But what if it wasn’t?” I took Wendy’s phone and looked at the information on the screen. It was the census information, and it was a steady decline since the 1900s.
“What do you mean?” Toya grabbed the phone.
“We are all pledged to the Lycan King. All packs used to sell wolves to train and integrate into the Royal pack.” Hanna started t pace. “If Amy is right and there is a person or people, actively trying to get rid of the Lycans, and the king, what would be the first thing they would do?”
Chapter 289
###Next D 289
The silence was only broken by the crackling of the fire. Hanna watched as everyone took in her words. She walked over to the pile of wood that Rowan left and chucked a few more pieces into the fire. The sound jolted everyone out of their thoughts. Wendy took in a deep breath, and then she gagged. “What the fuck?” She wretched again, and then the smell hit the rest of us.
AT
“What the fuck is that?” Micca gagged too. It was only Toya, Hanna, and I that didn’t gag. We looked at each other and then back to the other two.
“That…” Hanna started, but stopped.
“That’s what is smells like when you burn bodies.” I finished for her.
Micca groaned and rushed away, puking closer to the house while Wendy looked at me with wide eyes. “Why are you three okay?”
“Because this isn’t the first time we had to do this.” Toya walked over to Wendy, pulling her away from the fire. Hanna went to grab Micca, and we walked to Carl’s grave, creating space.
“The first time is always the worst.” I offered with a small smile. Over here the air was clearer, the scent of pine and spruce over taking the smell of the bodies.
Micca gagged again, wiping her sweat on her shirt as she shook her head. “I will never want to smell that again.”
“And hopefully, you will never have to.” Hanna rubbed her back. “But back to my point. The easiest way to take down a king is to get rid of his supporters. The Lycans started going missing over two hundred years ago. The attacks on the packs here around the same time. It’s only been the last fifty years that it picked up pace.”
I nodded. “You’re right.”
“You take away the Lycans, then move on to the biggest packs most loyal to the king, and then when he is isolated.” She clapped her hands together. “You take him out. Leaving a space for someone to step in and take over.”
“Holy fuck, you’re right.” Wendy whispered.
“Exactly right. Someone has been planning this for a long time. And he started the attacks in Japan. But why there?” I turned to Hanna, and she looked away. “I wouldn’t ask unless I had to.“.
She thought about it for a moment and then agreed. “The Lycans. They were the first creations of the Moon Goddess, and then there was the first family. The first family of wolves that we are all descended from.” Toya looked at me and I nodded. “There was a story that the Japanese wolves were the first family.” She looked up at the moon. “And in a way, we were.”
“What do you mean?” Wendy settled on the ground, and everyone else sat down with her, while I grabbed the shovel. “Wait, are you going to bury Carl?” I nodded, so she got up and ran to the front of the cabin. She came back with an armful of flowers. She dropped the flowers on top of him. “Goodbye Carl. I promise we will take care of Carly for you.” Then she turned and nodded to the shovel. “You can finish.”
“Why did you do that?” Micca looked at the flowers. “They are just going to be covered in dirt.”
“I saw a drawing in Carly’s room.” She sat down and smiled. “They planted those flowers together. I wanted him to take a piece of her with him to the other side.” She turned to Hanna. “Okay, go ahead with what were you saying about the first family?”

“The very first family is a well–guarded secret. The Moon goddess created one line, but other gods grew envious of her creations. And they asked for permission to create their own wolves. She agreed. There was a line in Japan
7/2
Chapter 289 
created by the goddess of the moon, Tsukiyomi.”
Toya nodded. “And another in Egypt, but Nut.”
+25 BONUS 
Hanna nodded. “There are at least a few others, gods and goddesses from over the world, who are similar. They oversee the night, the sky, the moon, and, with it, the shifters. The Japanese were open with their stories. They were proud of the linage and never hid it. A wolf, unknowingly, could have assumed that the Japanese clan was the first family, and they went after them to get rid of them.”
“Why thought I mean we are all descended from them?” Wendy leaned back on her hands, looking to the sky, trying to figure it out.
I had listened as I filled in the grave, but I stopped for a second to meet her eyes. “The first family is stronger than other wolves. They descended from the Moon Goddess’s power, and because of it, they are stronger, faster, and smarter than most wolves.” 
Wendy nodded. “So the other’s first families from the other goddesses should be just as strong.” She pointed to Hanna, but she shook her head.
“No, as they didn’t want to offend the Moon Goddess, their lines were made not weaker, but with less magic, so they tend to be really strong alphas and beta. They aren’t as strong as the actual first family.”
###Next D 290
Chapter 290 
“How do you know this stuff?”
“Like I said, the Japanese lines were very proud of their lineage and we all knew who the first family of Tsukiyomi was.” Hanna nodded to Toya. “The real question is, how does Toya know?”
“And how Amy knows about the first family?” Micca pointed to me and I smiled.
“Toya?” Hanna turned to her. “How do you know about the line from Nut?”
“Because she is the one who created my family.” Toya leaned back and looked up at the moon. “We worship the Moon Goddess and Nut. She who oversees the starts and the sky. She saw the wolves, heard their songs, and wished to hear it in Egypt. So she asked the Moon Goddess for help and permission to create our line. My father is descended from her power.”
“That’s why you’re so fast?” Micca furrowed her brow. “Not cool. I never had a chance of beating you.” We all laughed, remembering the races Micca tried to win for months.
Then, one by one they all turned to me. I turned back to the grave and continued to fill it in. “I know about the first family because they are descended from the Moon Goddess, as are Lycans. My Lycan line is descended by her blood.” I tossed in shovels as I told the story of the first Lycan. How she saw him on the mountain and was stuck in the sky, so she bled to save him. “My witch is descended from the power of the three faced witch.” They all nodded. “But my wolf is descended from both.”
“How is that possible?” Hanna leaned in. “Are you sure?”
I nodded as I finished filling in the grave. I dropped the shovel and faced my friends. “I saw it happen.” 
“Magic?” Wendy asked, and I nodded again.
“Years before this land was taken over by cities, there was a woman and her son that lived in the forest. She was a witch, descended from the three faced goddess, and she was teaching her son their ways. Men settled on the land and came into the woods. They found the wolves that lived there and then hunted them. They were watched over by the Moon Goddess herself, and she came down to walk with them, so they were on their guard. The witch’s son was seen by the wolves, and was hunted down, as they thought he was one of the men that killed their own.” I closed my eyes as I remembered the vision. “The witch found her son torn apart, yet still alive, and she called to her goddess. She begged the three faced goddess to save her son, but the goddess could not. But the Moon Goddess came, as she heard the woman cry. The Moon Goddess realized her creatures‘ mistake and offered a chance, and the woman agreed. She didn’t care if he changed as long as he was alive. That was the birth of our kind.”
“So you’re from the first family.” Micca hopped up to her knees and I just nodded. “So your father…” I nodded again.
“Is that why he was targeted?” Wendy bit her lip, but I shrugged.
“My father has strict rules in place. Not even certain pack members know the whole truth. And there is magic that stops the pack members that know from talking about it with outsiders.”
Toya snorted and pointed at everyone. “And we aren’t outsiders?”
“No.” I shook my head. “You are my sisters. And even if you weren’t, I’m not bound by the magic that stops us from talking. Because I’m the one supposed to be enforcing the magic.”
Hanna dropped her head back. “I’m not from the main branch, but my family is descended from the first family of Japan.” She looked at Toya. “You’re descended from the first family of Egypt.” She turned to face Wendy and Micca. “What are the chances you two aren’t descended from another goddess or god?”
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 240 
A new silence overtook us. I looked up at the sky, debating what Hanna had just said. What if we were all descendants of gods, and somehow we had stumbled into being friends? 
Is that even a question? The goddess said she needed champions. Nix snorted. Do you think she is just going to leave it to you? She is going to want us to have backup.
She wants us to succeed Amy. That includes having backup plans. Megan offered, as she sat down by my magic.
I focused inwardly, weighing their words. The goddesses, all of them, would want us to survive. We were their children, their lines of power here on earth. When the humans turned their backs on the gods, we stayed dedicated to our creators. All of this seemed too coincidental, though What if there was a way to check?”
###Next D 291
Chapter 291
Toya chucked a rock at me. “Be serious.”
I turned and looked at my friends. “I am serious.” I looked at Toya, with her silent strength and Hanna, how far she’s come. It made sense that they were tied to a goddess. Too much sense. Then I looked at Micca and Wendy. We were all drawn together. What if there was a reason behind it?”
“There was a reason behind it.” Wendy leaned in, like she was going to whisper a secret. “You collected us, like that kids‘ show. Oh goddess, what is it?”
Hanna snorted. “The one with the weird animal things that say their name?” Wendy pointed to her.
“Exactly. The Poki show. Your are a collector of people.” Hanna shook her head but she was laughing with Wendy.
Toya smiled but just shook her head in defeat. “I am serious.” I stood. “I hate people, to the extreme. I have only ever had one friend my entire life, and she only had to deal with me during the summers. But you guys, you guys stuck around.”
“Amy, I hate to tell you this but your are
“I know I am, but I also know that I’n fact a nice person.” Micca finally chimed in.
fucking random on the street.”
a bitch. I’m also a huge alpha hole. I strong arm my friends, my family,
Toya snorted. “You are exaggerating.” She stood, dusting off her pants. She reached down and pulled Wendy up from the ground. “You were sweet, generous, and the only ranked wolf that didn’t look down on any of us because of who we were, or where we came from.”
“Fine.” I stood, dusting myself off. “I need a hot shower, comfy clothes, a glass of wine, and I need to think this over.”
“Think what over?” Hanna and Micca stood together.
“How to find out the truth about everyone?” I was serious. was going to figure out a way to see who came from the first families. I crouched down and patted the soft dirt on the grave. “Sleep well. I promise we will care for your little girl and that she will remember just how much you loved her.” I sent another push of magic into his final resting place and then I headed inside.
“What are you going to do?” Wendy, ever the curious one, caught up with me.
“I don’t know yet. I’m going to try to remember if there was anything that I could use in my book and then we will go from there.” I sighed. “But first, some wine and shower. We trudged into the front room and took off our muddy shoes. I looked around and then up at my friends. “Carl?” They all nodded.
“He left little notes for us, telling whose clothes were where. He really thought of everything.” Micca headed into the kitchen as I headed up the stairs. I stopped at Carly’s door and I slid it open silently.
She was curled around the pillow, breathing in her father’s scent, and my heart broke for her. I walked over to her and gave her a soft kiss on her head. She whimpered and curled closer around the pillow. I wiped a stray tear from her cheek and then I slipped back out with a soft click of the door.
I walked into my room and headed straight for the shower, was covered in blood, guts, and dirt. I stripped down as I waited for the water to heat up, and then I got in. The scalding water cascaded down my body, turning my pink. I knew it was probably hurting me, but I couldn’t feel it. Not one bit.
This night, fuck, this entire day emptied me. My father, Rowan and his fiancee, Carl, each was a fresh slice, and a new cut, until I was hemorrhaging and no one noticed. I grabbed for the shampoo and I stopped, instead I sat down on the ground and hugged my knees.
It’s okay. Nix tried to comfort me and I wanted to laugh. We noticed, If that helps.
I snorted, the laugh bursting from my mouth as 1 banged my head off my knees. But the laugh turned to sobs. Tears streamed down my face, blending into the water pouring from the shower head. I covered my mouth, hoping I was quiet enough for the others to not heat my path. I was their alpha, the leader, and I had to be strong
Megan pushed against the barrier, rubbing her side against it to calm me down. You don’t have to be strong with us. Talk to us.
I wiped my eyes. “I’ve been a fool.”
No. You haven’t. Nix joined Megan. Your father has his own plans. Rowan is an idiot. The fiancee seems off, but we don’t have to worry about her right now. Carl… Nix trailed off.
We gave Carl exactly the final resting place he wanted, and we did right by him..
“Now I have Carly.”
We have our first pup. Nix sat down, and for the first time in a while, both my wolves looked happy.
Our pup.
###Next D 292
Chapter 292 
I finished getting dress as someone knocked on my door. I walked over, still wrapping my hair in a towel, and cracked it open. Toya pushed a wine glass into my hand and stepped in before closing the door.
“What’s wrong?” I sat down on my bed and took a sip. I knew Toya she had something on her mind and she came in here to talk it out, before bringing in the others.
“I’ve been thinking about what you said….about the first families.”
I nodded. “What about it?”
“What if you’re right? What if we were all pushed together by the gods we descended from and now we are here?” She paced the room.
“What if we were?” I shrugged and took another sip. “Does that bother you?”
“It doesn’t bother you? We were pushed together, forced to be in each other’s lives, and now we are here.” She faced me. “Do we not get free will?”
I eyed her as I took another longer drink this time. “Do you not like being friends with me?”
She sucked her teeth. “Of course I do.”
I tilted my head. “Are you unhappy with the others?”
She threw up her hands. “That isn’t it either.”
“The stop bouncing around and tell me what is the issue.” I felt my anger rise, and I had to bite the inside of my cheek before I said something that hurt her.
She stopped, and I could see panic behind her eyes. She came over and slid next to me on the bed. “What if…” I interrupted her with a wave of my hand. “Nevermind what ifs. Talk to me, Toya.‘
my face. “If She stared at me for a minute and I could see her gathering her strength before she looked away from we were forced together…wouldn’t that ruin everything?” Her words were soft and I could see her biting her lip. I watched her for a moment. “Ruin everything how?”
She turned to me, and I could see her anger getting the better of her. “Stop it. Just answer the question.”
I rubbed in between my eyes and my forehead. A headache was building, and I just wanted, needed, to relax. “Ruin what? Are you saying you wouldn’t want to be my friend if you knew we were pushed together?” I felt my anger snap. “Are you so willing to throw away the last almost three years of friendship, all because how it started?” Toya reeled back like I hit her. “No, of course not.”
“So you think the girls would toss all of what we have built together because you felt the need to sit down at my table?”
“Of course not.”
“So it’s me. You’re afraid that I would walk away because of a little meddling in the beginning. That you saving me, taking care of me, it all meant nothing?”
“NO!” she screamed. I stood and walked out of the room. Toya followed. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to ask everyone.” I looked at her as I started down the stairs. “Girls.” Everyone turned as I wa the kitchen. Wendy and Micca were putting a meal together and I was about to cry before Toya stomped in behind
into
me. “We have questions.”
“We don’t have to do this.” Toya shook her head, but I disagreed.
“No, you have questions and now so do I.” I grabbed the open bottle of wine and refilled my glass. I took another long pull from it before I faced everyone. “If any of you are like Toya, and I know one or two of you might be, you might have questions about what we discussed just now, about the gods.”
Wendy put down the spoon and came
the counter. “What do
you mean?”
I looked at Toya and gestured. “You explain, and then I’ll ask.” She glared at me for another second before she seemed to fold in on herself.
“The gods, if we are all descended from them, and we all became friends. It seems too coincidental, too organized.” She tossed her hands in the air.
“What?” Hanna looked at me. “I’m confused.”
“She thinks that if you are all descended from the first families, that it is too big of a coincidence that we all became this close. That it is more than likely that the gods pushed us together.” Toya pointed at me and nodded.
“Exactly that.”
“Ok…so what?” Micca stirred whatever they had in the pot.
Toya reeled back again. “What do you mean, so what?”
“Exactly what I said. So what?” She looked up. “We might have been pushed together, but that doesn’t mean we weren’t given a choice. We decided to become friends. We chose to be this close. And so what if a god pushed me to be friends with you all? You’re my best friends.”
Every one nodded and turned one by one to look at Toya, who was staring back at us in shock. “I thought…I thought you would throw it all away.”
###Next D 293
Chapter 293
+25 BONUS
Chapter 293 
We all stared at Toya. Then Wendy came over and got into her face. “What’s wrong with you?”
Toya pulled back, but her eyes were filled with panic. “Nothing.”
“No, Wendy’s right.” Hanna came closer. “You are Amy’s biggest supporter. We are all close, but you and Amy have always had that extra bond. You have never once worried or questioned your spot here, or Amy’s decision. But this…” She waved her hand, gesturing wildly to Toya. “This isn’t you.”
I felt my eyes narrow as I leaned against the table. “They are right. In the last three years, you have never once questioned your place here. You have questioned my decisions, but I always appreciated your opinion, but you always did it away from everyone.”
“I came to you to discuss this alone, but you brought us down here.” Toya pointed out.
“You are right. But so are Hanna and Wendy. This isn’t you
Toya pointed at all of us. “You’re not buying this, right?”
Wendy grabbed her hand. “Calm down Toya. We are just trying to figure out what’s going on.”
Toya threw up her hands. “Nothing is going on.” She whirled on me. “You’re poisoning them against me.” She snarled, and that’s when I knew for sure. Someone or something was attacking Toya.
I lifted my brow. Nix, tell Micca to look for some rope. I waited for a minute, but then Nix snorted. What?
There is a bag on the table behind you. Micca said she had it in her room. Carl left her a note telling her we would need this stuff tonight, so she brought it down.
I turned, and Toya snarled again and lunged for me but I danced away.
“What the hell was that?” Wendy and Hanna had stepped between me and Toya, stopping her from trying to attack again. Wendy was in her face in an instant. She was searching Toya’s eyes. “When did you start questioning Amy?”
Toya finally pulled her eyes from me. “Wendy, she wants to do magic on us. We can’t trust her.”
Wendy cupped her face. “You are my sister, and I love you.‘
Toya’s eyes softened. “Then believe me. She has been planning all of this today since the graduation ceremony.”
Her words put me on edge. “Did you guys go anywhere, or do anything after we sat down? Before the started?”
“Shut up.” Toya screamed.
I stared at her for a moment; the wheel turning. What the hell was happening?
I can’t reach her wolf. It’s like there is a wall between us. Nix’s voice was on edge.
ceremony
I refocused on everyone who was shaking their head no. But then Wendy turned to me. “Toya ran to the washroom before we sat down. Alone.” I nodded as I turned back to the bag. There were candles, herbs, a few crystals, and then two spools of thick rope.
I smiled softly. Carl, you crafty man.
“Believe me, she brought up finding out if everyone comes from a goddess because she is going to use her magic to make us mindless followers.” I wanted to argue, but the ears in her eyes stopped me. She fully believed her words. Micca and Hanna looked at each other, and then at re.
Chapter 293
A tiny nugget of doubt was taking hold in them. I could see it. Something was eating away at our bond, our friendship, like it was rusty links in a chain trying to force it to break. If I didn’t act soon, I would lose all of my friends.
“Amy…” Wendy turned and I could see the doubt there, too. All of them were turning on me. Wendy shook her head, and I saw anger enter her eyes. “What the fuck is going on?” She turned to Hanna and Micca. “Guys?” Hanna shook her head. “Amy, something’s wrong with my head.” She looked a little scared.
Micca stepped back, raising her hands. “I don’t know what is going on, but I don’t want to figure out about the goddess and the first families anymore.” The nugget of doubt had taken hold in her.
Nix, reach Wendy and Hanna before their wolves are closed off from us. Have them grabbed Micca, and I’ll grab Toya. We are going to tie them down and figure out what exactly is going on. She nodded, and I watched as their eyes grew round.
Wendy stepped closer to Micca subtly, instantly believing me, but Hanna glanced at me, biting her lip. “Amy…” Her words were soft, but I saw Toya vibrated again. We had to move.
“Do you trust me?” I looked at Hanna. “Like really, trust me?”
“Of course I do.” Her words trembled, but she was trying.
“Then listen to me. We need to figure this out before everything we built is destroyed.” She looked at me for one more moment before she nodded. Wendy was on her toes, and Hanna shifted closer to Micca.
“What are you guys doing?” Micca stepped back just as Toya lunged for me.
“Die witch blood.”
###Next D 294
Chapter 294
Chapter 294
+25 BONUS
Toya jumped over the table at me but I was ready. She shifted her hands as she tried to tackle me, but I jumped out of the way. She sailed past me and I wrapped my hands into her braids and yanked her back. She flew off her feet with a snarl. “I’ll kill you.” She snarled again, but I was already moving.
I slammed her to the ground as I slipped my hand into the bag Micca brought down. I pulled the first length of rope out and turned to the girls. They had grabbed Micca by the arms and were holding her. “Get her into a chair.” I called back to them and slid a spool of rope to them. “Tie Her too it.” Toya tried to slice at my throat. Whatever had eaten away at her was digging in deep, removing any and all love she had for me, and left only anger and fear. I pulled my hand back and punched her as hard as I could without breaking anything, dazing her.
“Amy…” Hanna looked back at Toya. “Are you sure?” I could see the doubt trying to push forward, but she shook her head again. I watched her as her eyes refocused on me. We have to hurry. What ever this is, it’s chipping away at me.”
I nodded towards the rope.
“Please don’t do this. Toya is right. She is going to use magic on us to hurt us, or make us her mindless drones.” Micca started to fight, trying her hardest to break free from Hanna and Wendy, but they held her firm. They pulled her towards the table and sat her in a chair, grabbing the rope and tied her there.
Toya had finally recovered enough to take another swing, this time catching my cheek, opening a thin slice across it. I hissed as I felt the blood start to trickle. Toya smirked and swung again. I dodged this one and struck out, knocking her out this time. “Stupid.” I hissed as I touched my cheek. The cut was already healed, but the blood had turned a little tacky. I picked up Toya and slid her into a chair. Then I used the second spool of rope to tie her to the chair. Finally, I was able to step back, and I looked at Micca. The hatred in her eyes had me taking a step back, but I shook my head and pushed it away. This wasn’t them.
“What’s wrong with them?” Wendy sat across from Toya, worry on her face.
Hanna shook her head again. “Someone is attacking us.” She looked at me, panic on her face. “I can hear a whisper. It’s not loud. I can barely make out most of the words, but it’s there.”
“What’s it saying?” Wendy leaned in. “I can hear something, but it’s not words to me.
I grabbed the bag and pulled everything out, seeing what I had to work with. “Is it getting louder?” I glanced up and watched as Wendy focused for a minute.
She nodded. “When I focus on it, it seems to gain power from attention.” She shook her head, clearing it and focused on me, “What is going on?”
“I’m not sure yet. But we are going to find out.” I stood and placed the candles around the table, grabbed the chalk piece from the bag, and I closed my eyes. I thought to my book, and I paged through it, finding what I needed. I drew a circle on the table and drew a few sigils in front of each of us.
“What are you doing?” Hanna sounded a little scared. I looked, and I saw the doubt creeping back in.
“Focus on me, Hanna. Listen to my voice.” I smiled softly at her. “You are one of my closest friends and I would never do anything to hurt you. It’s against the very gifts I received from the goddess
We do not harm the innocent.” She nodded, and her eyes cleared a little. “I am drawing a circle of power, linking all of us together, and allowing me to trace any magic that has been placed on you. That way I can break it, if there is something.”
Hanna stuck her finger in her mouth and bit down. “Hanna Wendy cried, jumping towards her, but Hanna just shook her head.
“I need the pain to clear my mind. The voice is so loud now! She turned to me. “Hurry.”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 294
I nodded and lit the candled around the table and then closed my eyes. “Ista ni wa clo nox ben tau shorna lit blaugh do ka ni sta.” The room seemed to grow darker as a bright cord of light shot out of my chest and into Wendy’s. From Wendy, it shot to Hanna, then to Micca, and Toya, and then back to me.
Toya’s eyes flew open, and she shrieked. “Stop!”
###Next D 295
Chapter 295 
+25 BONUS
Chapter 295 
She thrashed against the rope, the chair, my magic, but I held her in the chair. I waited until the bright cord finished the connection around our circle. Then new connections between each of us wove around us. Each person had a cord for each other. The golden cords wove into a tapestry of our bond, a golden shiny piece of artwork of our friendship and love for each other.
Only now there were tarnished spots. Dark places on our bonds, where they were being attacked. I stood, looking at the cords, and most were still shining brightly. All of them were actually, all except the ones that trailed to me. 
“The bonds are all intact except the ones that lead to you.” Wendy stood trailing her fingers of the cords. She plucked the cords between her and me, and I felt a tug. It rippled in my chest, but I could tell it was weakening. The dark spot in the centre growing bigger.
“Our bond is growing darker the louder the whispers get.” Hanna plucked the cord, and it vibrated, but hers was
on by a thread. She looked a little lost as
weaker. Like it was ready to snap. And Micca’s and Toyas were the cord, and it vibrated, but hers was
she lucked the cord between her and Toya, earning a scream. “What can we do?”
Wendy looked at me, and I closed my eyes, focusing on the cords. “How could you do this to us? We are your sisters.” Toya snarled at us and I felt the punch in the gut when I realized I was no longer included in that sentiment from her.
Wendy swallowed past the lump in her throat. “We are doing this because you are our sister.” Then she turned back to me. “Do something.”
She was pleading with me, and Hanna nodded. “It’s growing darker.” She nodded to the bond between us and I could see the darkness spreading. Micca’s bond grew dimmer as she glared at me.
“You’re poison.” Micca snapped her eyes to the darkening bonds. “Look at it.” She nodded to the cord between Toay and me. “You ruin everything you touch.”
Her words cut deeper than I thought they should have. But it was my fault. I was listening to her words when I knew she was under the influence of something. But was the question. I sat down next to Toya and leaned in to her. “Forgive me.”
She snarled and tried to bite me, but I used her anger as a way in. Emotions were always a window into someone’s soul. I sent my magic dancing down our connection, skipping the darkened, mostly dead centre and dove into her mind. I sent it worming around inside of her, and I used her magic to pull myself into her mind.
One moment I was next to her, staring into her snarling face and the next I was walking deep in trees I did not recognize. The trees here were fragrant, but foreign to me. In between the trunks, patches of sand and rough grass grew in patches. “Where is this?”
“This is my home.” Toya’s wolf, Urbi, came through the trees. She sidled up next to me and we walked together, silently. “Have you come to save us?”
I stopped, turning to face her, and leaned closer. “What’s wrong?”
She looked away. “Come see for yourself.” She pivoted and took the lead, leaving through the trees towards whatever was eating away at our bond. “Did she hurt you?” She stopped to turn back to me before she kept walking.
“A little. But you have done worse during training.” I chuckled softly.
Only because you allow us to hit you, and we were actively trying to kill you.” Urbi stopped. “This time she was. Trying to kill you, that is.” She sat back and waited for me to catch up with her. “I tried to stop her, but I can’t get close enough.” She looked at me and I could see the apology there. “I’m locked away from her.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
“What do you mean?”
“You will see.” She nodded in front of us and we continued for a few more feet.
The edge of the forest ended in sand. Golden sand. The sky was bright blue, and the sun was shining down on us. Instantly I was hot. I could feel the sweat bead off my temples. “Why is it so hot here?”
“This is where we come from. The climate we are built for. Home.” Urbi chuckled. “Toya is out there. But this is as far as I can go.” She put a paw up and tried to go forward, but it was like she was pressing it against a glass wall. “She locked me away.
“Toya?” I looked at Urbi, but she shook her head.
“The other one.” She turned pleading eyes to me. “Save my human. She is the person I share my soul with and I refuse to walk with another.” Walk with another? What? She saw the confusion on my face. “We have a choice, wolves I mean. We choose who we share our lives with.” Then she turned away. “Save her.” Then she was gone,
###Next D 296
Chapter 296 
1 watched her face away, back into the trees, before I turned and faced the glass. I pressed my hands against it, and instead of a solid wall I thought I was going to find, I felt inbush in almost as if it was a bubble. I forced myself deeper, pushing farther in, causing the bubble to cave in.
Every step I took in the harder the bubble pushed back against me. It was fighting back, refusing to let me enter, and that just made me question what the hell was going on. This made no sense. Toya’s defenses were blocking my entry, but that made zero sense. I wasn’t here to hurt her, and even though something was attacking her, her mind should know I was safe to allow in. That Urbi was safe to allow in.
I pulled back, gathering my strength and my magic to me, and then I slammed against the bubble. It fought back, pushing be back, but I used my magic like a knife, slicing through the force field and finally stumbling out of the trees. I turned back and I could see the edge of the invisible bubble; it was torn and snapping with energy. “What the fuck is going on?”
Urbi slipped from the trees. “You did it, you got through.” I just nodded. “Hurry, Toya is fighting it, her, but she is losing.”
“What do you mean?”
Urbi tilted her head. “Can’t you hear her screaming?”
I stilled, and then I heard it. “No, you’re wrong. She isn’t like that.” Toya’s voice was ragged, like she had been yelling for a while.
I turned towards the voice and nodded. “I hear her.” I started running towards the screaming. “I’m coming.” I called out. Hoping that Toya could hear me, feel me here coming for her. I ran for what felt like ever. Her screaming got louder until I rounded a dune and there she was.
But she wasn’t alone.
I stumbled over a small dune that I didn’t see and I ended up rolling down into the basin that the two women were in. I rolled to a stop and hopped up. Toya and the other women whirled to face me. “You can’t be here.” The unknown woman’s face was hidden. She was covered head to toes with a dark cloak, but she stepped back as I moved closer. “How did you get in here?”
Toya staggered over to me. “You came for me.” She nearly collapsed into my arms. “I was praying to the goddess that you would hear me.” She looked up into my face, her eyes filled with tears. “You finally came.”
I rubbed the hair from her face, wiping a tear away with it. “I’m sorry it took me so long.” I leaned down and kissed her forehead. I looked up at the other women. “Who is she?”
Toya’s breath sobbed out. “I don’t know. She trapped me here.” She pulled away, strengthening her spine. “She’s like a cancer. She’s kept me here, eating away at me, whispering to me.‘
I stepped in front of Toya. “What was she whispering?”
Toya looked away. “That you were evil. That you were using your magic to steal our power, draining us to make yourself queen?”
I choked out a laugh. “And you believed her?” I looked at Toya, a smile covering the hurt.
“Not at first, but she is doing something else. The more she whispered, the more I believed her,” Toya looked away. “I’m sorry.” She looked ashamed.
“It’s okay. Magic does that.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 296
“No, it isn’t okay. I should have been stronger.” She met my eyes again. “You are my sister and I have never doubted you before this.” 
“I know.” I smiled, for real this time, and I turned to focus on the woman still backing away from us. “Who are you?”
She shook her head. “This is impossible.”
“Is it?” I stepped closer, and I felt my foot cross over another barrier. “You can throw down as many shields as you want, but it will not help.”
She stomped her foot. “This shouldn’t be possible. You aren’t this strong.”
I laughed, tilting my head and lifting my brow. “Who did you hear that from?” I walked closer. “Few people know I have magic, nor my full power level. But you seemed so sure just a second ago, as if you knew me and my powers
are you?”
before I came here.” I felt my eyes narrow. “Who?
She back peddled again. “No one you know.” She raised her hands.
“Absolutely not.” One second I was back near Toya and the next I had my hand wrapped around the person’s throat. “You don’t get to run away to try this again.”
Deep in the shadows of the cloak, I saw the whites of her eyes. She feared me. Good. “How did you do that?” Her voice trembled.
“Magic.” Then I pulled down the cloak.
###Next D 297
Chapter 297 
+25 BONUS
Amara stared back at me with wide eyes. “This is impossible.” She backpedaled, trying to create space between us. Her dark hair flying back as she stumbled, but I followed her.
“No…but do you want to know what is possible?” I finally released her throat, but grabbed her hand before she could pull away. “You being here.”
She furrowed her brow. “What?”
“I let it slide the last time I saw you because I was confused and more focused on getting the spell attacking me broken, but this time, this time, I’m going to figure this out.” I pulled her closer to me.
“What are you talking about?”
“You, Amara, you are dead.” I watched her eyes widened. Then there was a soft ripple that ran over her face. It was subtle. And if I hadn’t known the real Amara, or if I was farther away, I would have missed it.
“No, I’m not.” She laughed, deflecting my words.
“You are. My father executed you, your mate and your witch grandmother himself.” I got into her face.
“You’re lying.” Her face paled, and she tripped over her feet, slamming down to the grand. I crouched, following her to the ground. (1)
“I’m not. At all. But this proves that you are out of the loop..so who are you?” I sent a pulse through her and the ripples grew more turbulent. Like I threw a rock into a puddle and the water danced with the impact. “Who are you?” I yelled again and sent more power through her. She screamed, slapping at my hands, trying to pull away, but I tightened my grip.
“No!” She screamed again as the disguise started to slip away. The dark hair turned golden, but the face stayed the same. Aurora trembled in front of me now, but even this felt wrong. “You killed my sister.”
“Try again.” I glared at her, pushing more power into her. Do you think I am stupid enough to believe that Aurora wouldn’t know that her sister, her twin, was gone? They were close. Very close. So, do you want to try again?” I watched her fight, but even in Toya’s mind, I could feel her strength. She was a high gamma or low- level beta. And the twins were unranked.
“I am Aurora.” She shrieked.
“No, no, you’re not. You might know of them, you might even be related to them but you are not them.” I shook my head slowly as I watched her. She held this disguise better than the last, but I wasn’t believing it.
“How the fuck do you know anything?” She snarled.
“You forget I met both of the twins. Both annoying, overreaching, and bitter. Also, both were unranked. Even Amara, mating the first gamma, stayed unranked as the mating wasn’t completed.” Her eyes flashed. “You didn’t know that?” I smirked and I could see the hatred in her eyes. “She came into my hospital room with Beck, her mate, and her grandmother. I stopped the cleaving she was trying to do. And then the three of them were executed. Like I said. Aurora ran away, leaving them to take the hit. She is alive still, hiding, but I’ll find her and I’ll kill her too.” 
“Shut up.” She shook her hair and pulled her hand out of my grip to cover her ears.
I laughed as I just grabbed her blonde hair. “What’s wrong? You don’t like the truth? Or do you still think I’m lying?” A new ripple started, soft at first in her hair. I knew I was getting close.
“I know you’re lying. My grandmother was too powerful for a nobody like you to take her down.” She snarled, and
1/2
Chapter 397
I could see the truth in her words.
+25 BONUS
“So you are related to the twins? Interesting.” I pulled her air back, forcing her to meet my eyes.
“I’m Aurora.” She screamed, but her eyes shifted from their bright blue to a soft brown, then back.
“We both know that’s a lie. But I’ll leaving that be for a second. Your grandmother was powerful, but your family has become too dependent on one thing.” I pulled her head back farther and wrapped my hand around the necklace at her throat. “Talismans are an easy fall back to someone who doesn’t remember their spells. A sure- fire sign that you are weak of mind and weak of magic.‘
She snarled again. But I laughed. “Shut up. My grandmother is the strongest witch I know.”
“Was…she was the strongest witch you used to know. But she is dead. I ripped the necklaces from her neck, shattering her spells and her power.”
“No.” She whispered, a soft horror growing on her face. A face I knew wasn’t hers.
“Yes.” I smiled as I leaned in. “Now. Who are you?” I tightened my fingers on her necklace and she pulled back, but froze when she realized I held her necklace.
“I’m Aurora.” She panted softly, but the panic was in her eyes, eyes that had settled a soft brown.
“Aurora had blue eyes, and you have brown.” I whispered, watching her eyes widen in panic. “There is a peaceful solution.” And I ripped the necklace from her throat.
Chapter 36
###Next D 298
Chapter
watched we fee that hahtumad yah pulau ten aus Matteon the art of monary are the fight of Aurors. Ha temen get the woh si do the Bagh whiteners that the far, fer fee was
be
similar, and I want to ended us along
eweli new. Fancy seeing that or any duster the depped for a cart in her
Пре
“You did this?” “hwys was furinus
The woman taughed on hy toes, but the way
from
her mother will become a brand mure for winner
we Aut why not?” the matted as the
turned on me “Amy fucking desire yong to Aure. For fatture is diac She banghed. “Seem
turmured the rim, aut she chuckled ar rokka
won’t se the fart, you are all too close” he
shot to turn he friends on her. And it would have worked tossed her hands in the al “You would have been to burys notice, but mis gall haf yn leave all because ther father was accused of being a traitor.” She snarled again.
1 furrowed my brow. She didn’t know what happened. She had wormed her way into their brains, but the was kept from knowing what was going on. 1 looked at Toys, but it was Urbi stepping from behind the dune that drew my attention. “You did this?”
Urbi trotted closer. “Yes. We all created the bubble around her. Once we realized she wormed her way into us, I called the others wolves and we created the barrier to stop her from seeing the truth.”
The women snarled. “Stupid wolf.” I smirked.
“You’re just made that they outsmarted you.”
“It didn’t matter. I won.” She gave a victorious smile.
“No, you didn’t.” Toya walked closer to her. “You tried to turn all of us against Amy. But she caught you. I can feet our bond repairing itself. You failed here.” Urbi rubbed herself against Toya and she dropped down, wrapping her arms around her wolf. “I’m sorry.”
Urbi laughed. “What are you sorry about? It’s not your fault she used magic on you.”
1 tilted my head. “When did you plant yourself inside, Toya?”
She sneered at me. “Why would I tell you that?”
I shrugged my shoulder. “I’m just wondering. It really doesn’t matter. I assume it was when she went to the washroom.” I watched her face as I said it and she paled a little. “I see I was right.”
“I didn’t see her, though.” Toya looked at me.
“Did anyone bump into you?”
Toya thought for a moment and then nodded. “Yeah, as I was leaving the washroom, someone slammed inside.” She looked at her. “It must have been her.”
I nodded. “She was probably waiting for one of you to separate to implant the magic and worm her way inside. She thought that graduation would keep all of us too busy to realize what she was doing before it was too late.”
She growled, but I laughed. “You just had to run off.”
I nodded. “And that pisses you off. That you couldn’t gloat and revel in the fact that you were destroying my life?”
7/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 298
She stomped her foot. “Yes.” She snarled. “I wanted to watch you crumble.”
“But instead you watched us run out of the room, and then our wolves blocked you from seeing what we were doing.” Toya smirked.
“My guess is that while that was frustrating, there was something else that pissed her off even more.” I smiled at her, watched the rage fill her face. “Isn’t that right?”
“Shut the fuck up.” She screamed.
“Watching the king follow us must have just burned.”
Toya’s face filled with joy as she stood and walked over to us. “Him disappearing for hours must have hurt. Knowing he was with Amy.” 
She froze, her face paled as she stared back at us. “You’re lying.” She shook her head. “He didn’t follow you. He had to go handle things at the condo.”
“And you actually believed that?” Toya laughed. She leaned into the woman and gave her a smile filled with pity. He was with us the entire time. He knelt in the dark for over an hour waiting to talk to Amy.”
“You’re fucking lying.” She shook her head again. “He wouldn’t do that. Not after everything I’ve done…” “Everything you’ve done? What are you talking about?” My stomach clenched. Rowan had been acting weird. He left during my heat and disappeared. I looked at Toya and she met my eyes. She felt something was off, too. But the woman snapped her mouth shut. “Come now Verity.”
Chapter 299
###Next D 299
She glared at me but I held back. “Cat’s got your tongue?” crossed my arms, but my mind was spinning. Verity was obviously related to Aurora. She was probably a cousin or something. She obviously had magic like them. The entire family had set their sights high for their mates. Aurora wanted my father. Amara nailed Beck, which I wasn’t sure if they were goddess blessed mates now that I think of it. And now Verity, setting her sights and claws into Rowan. “I have to hand it to you. Out of the twins and you, you aimed higher.”
“I deserved more than my sisters.” She snarled and then seemed to catch herself.
I felt my eyes narrow. “Sisters? Interesting. But you had different last names. Probably different sires.” I tossed my head back and forth. “I can only assume since your grandmother helped them you came first, and you were the mistake.”
She snarled, charging at us. “I was not a mistake.” She screamed. “They were weaker than me in every way.” She spun and started to pace. “No one ever sees it.”
I glanced at Toya, but she was already smirking. “How could they see what isn’t there?” She looked down at her hands. “You were the mistake. You were the pup made outside of the mate bond, right?”
“Shut the fuck up. You’re just like them, like everyone else. My father was powerful.” She snarled, and caught the crazed look in her eyes. “My mother should have been grateful she was selected.”
“Selected?” Toya’s brow furrowed.
But I had a sinking suspicion. “You mother must have been gorgeous enough to be chosen as a brood mare for an alpha.”
Verity scoffed. “That is the only thing she had, that and her magic.” She spun to face us. “But could she be grateful, no?”
I watched as the truth hit Toya. Her face was a mixture of disbelief and horror. “Wait…are you saying that your mother should have been grateful because an alpha abused her? To breed her? To ruin her chances at possibly finding her mate?”
Verity rolled her eyes. “She found her mate when I was ten. He accepted what happened because he was as weak as she was. She could have become the concubine of our alpha, ut she chose an unranked fool to mate with.”
“The goddess chose her mate. The bond isn’t a choice.“. I said. “And the fact that you would rather your mother suffer and be forced by a man to be less than a full mate is disgusting.‘
“You don’t get to look down on me.” She growled. “I am a daughter of an alpha.”
Toya and I scoffed. “So are we,” Toya pointed out. “Only we are rightful heirs made from bonded mates. And you are the trophy of a man who abused his power. Yet somehow you idolize him instead of viewing him exactly as he is. A monster.”
She snarled. “My father is ten times the man that your fathers are. And bonds are a choice.” She looked into my eyes. “Obviously, since Rowan chose me.”
I tilted my head. “Did he?” I felt my eyes narrow as I glared at her. “Or is it more likely that it’s just another spell you cast?”
She reeled back; her face paled for a second before she rallied, then she threw her head back and laughed. “You almost had me. I’ll be honest. At first, I used magic to keep him away from you. As he wouldn’t look at anyone else but you, and I was frustrated. I have been next to him for years, and he never even glanced my way. But when he started dating the selected women, he started at the list the council gave him, the one I was on. He said he would see their choices before he moved to his own list, the one you were on.” She smirked. “He didn’t make it to his
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 299
list. He stopped at me.” She smiled. “Once he looked at me once he gave me a shot, he was a goner.” She smiled widely, but I could see something behind that she was hiding. But I wasn’t going to focus on that right now.
I laughed. Truly laughed. I turned to Toya and pointed back at Verity with my thumb. “She is so happy that she has Rowan.” 
Toya snorted. “She obviously doesn’t know you.” She shook her head and sighed.
Verity shook, anger rushing to her face. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
I tilted my head. “You act like Rowan is some prize.”
She snorted. “He’s the fucking king.”
Toya nodded. “He is, but Amy here is not very forgiving.”
Verity’s face fell. “What are you talking about?”
I leaned in, as if I was telling her a secret. “Rowan always said he would never touch a female that wasn’t his goddess given mate.” Her face paled. “He left me while I was in heat, and I was begging him to help me.” I smiled at her. “Do you think that a forced mating will change his vow? He will leave you time and time again, begging for help, burning and in pain. King or not, he is a cruel man, and no prize.”
Chapter 300
Chapter 300 
###Next D 300
I had to cover my mouth before any sobs broke free. I couldn’t break down yet. Not yet. I looked to the ceiling, praying for a bit more time. I had things I needed to do. I put the letter on the desk and took in a deep breath. I looked at Toya. “Have everyone picked bedrooms.”
“What are you going to do?”
I stared down at my dirty dress; I turned to the closest. I probably wasn’t going to find much to wear, but I was going to need something else to do what I had to. I opened the closet and UI stumbled back a step. There was a sticky note on a shelf and I pulled it off.
This room was always yours. I was just using it.
The closest was filled with women’s clothes. I grabbed a black sweat suit and pulled off my dress. Toya came over, confusion on her face. “What is all this?”
I had to bite back a sob. “He filled it for me.” There were two laundry baskets pushed into the corner. One clean, and one obviously dirty. “He lived out of baskets.” I walked over and grabbed a shirt, pulling it to my nose. Carl’s scent hit me in the face. Perfect. “I would check the rooms. If there aren’t any clothes, you guys can grab from here. But I have a feeling Carl had planned for everything.” Then I headed out the door to Carly’s room.
Her sobs were still loud, and when I knocked, she barely acknowledged me. I slipped in and walked to her bed. “Go away.” Her tiny voice was broken, and I felt my heart clench.
“I will, but I thought maybe you would want this.” I sat on her bed as she turned to me. Her face was swollen and red from her tears, but I ignored the anger I saw there. I was interrupting her grief. But I pulled one of her cuddling pillows and I slipped Carl’s shirt over it, handing it to her.
She was too young for her wolf to be awake yet, but even now, she had a heightened sense of smell. I waited until I saw recognition hit her face. Her eyes snapped to mine. “This is…”
“Your daddy’s. Smell it.” I nodded.
She sniffed back her snot, and I forced away a smile. I can still remember my mom yelling at me to blow my nose instead of doing that. But I waited until she brought the shirt to her nose and smelled her father’s scent. She closed her eyes and more tears fell. “Daddy.” She curled around the pillow, taking in his scent, as I stood.
I reached for my power, and it sprang eagerly to my fingertips. “Ni sur vor clin slet.” I whispered the words, and I waited until she fell into a deep sleep, still cuddled around the shirt. I watched her for a moment, making sure the magic took, then I slipped out of her room and down the stairs.
“Amy.” Wendy came over to me, worry etched on her face. Are you okay?”
I just nodded. “I’m fine.” I looked around the room. Wendy was alone. “Where is everyone?”
“Gone to get dressed.” Wendy looked down at her robe. “I wanted to wait for you.”
Worry gripped my stomach. “What’s wrong?”
Wendy grabbed my hand. “Nothing. I was just worried about you.” My stomach unclenched. “I know Toya talked to you already. But I wanted to make sure you know I will help you any way I can.” I smiled.
“Thank you.” I blew out a breath. “Go get dressed.”
“Where are you going?” She looked at me this time. “You haven’t showered yet?” I just shook my head. “Why not?” 
“I still have something to do.” I nudged her with my hip as walked past.
Chapter 282
+25 BONUS
“Let me help you.” She tried to follow, but I shook my head. This was something I had to do alone.
“It’s okay. Stay here and listen for Carly.” I smiled over my shoulder as I walked out of the door. I walked around the house and started towards the big oak tree that had a shovel leaning against it. I had to close my eyes as I made it to the tree. He knew.
He knew that tonight was the night he was going to die, and he had prepared everything. The shovel. Giving Carly his phone, the fucking prick made sure everything was in place for me to come here and take his place.
I looked up to the full moon staring down at me and I did the only thing I had been wanting to do since I stumbled out of these trees.
I screamed.
I screamed out my anger, my pain, my heart break. Tears trailed down my face as I screamed up at the moon. ” Why would you do this to us? To her?” But the moon held no answer. She sat quietly in the sky, staring down at me, as I snatched the shovel and dug into the dirt at my feet
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 302
Chapter 302 
“I’m sorry.” I pumped power directly into her.
She screamed as it burned, but she turned her wide eyes to me. “I trust you.” She screamed through gritted teeth. And I could see it in her eyes. Even though I didn’t warn her even though I ripped into her, she still trusted me.
“Are you fucking insane?” Verity screamed. But then she froze. “There’s no way.”
I smiled as I pumped pure power into Toya’s shoulder. “Oh but there is.”
She screamed and tried to run to us, but I pushed even more power into Toya’s gaping shoulder. Blood poured from her. Urbi howled behind us, but I needed to do this. I looked at Toya, and she gritted her teeth against the pain. Her eyes snapped to mine again. “Do it.” She gave one nod, and then I ripped the skin from her shoulder completely off.
She screamed again, blood pouring from the wound. Her shoulder was shredded. Urbi ran to Toya, licking the wound to start the healing. But I turned to watch Verity. She was on her knees. “No.” She panted. “This is impossible.” She stared at the skin I had in my grip.
“Is it impossible?” I glared at her. “You know you’re a leech, a parasite. You use other’s power to fuel your life. Toya’s power to fuel your little glyph. Rowan’s power to level up your position. You do nothing on your own and it is just fucking pathetic.”
She snarled weakly at me. “You are in no position to judge me.”
“Oh, and why is that?”
She glared at me. “Didn’t uyou do the same? Get close to Rowan so that you could be queen?” 2
I laughed. “No. No, that isn’t what I did.” I knelt in front of her, raising the skin in front of her face. “I actually liked the man. I would have accepted him if he was a regular alpha, a beta. Fuck, I liked him so much I would have accepted his as my mate if he held no rank at all.”
She shook her head. “You’re lying.”
“Sad thing is, I’m not. But I respected his choice. He wanted to find his mate. And if that didn’t happen, his wolf was interested in another wolf. He wasn’t going to choose a mate his wolf doesn’t agree with.” I leaned in. “Tell me Verity…does Erubus accept you?” (1
She snarled in my face. “He does.”
But I could see the truth. “Liar.” Then I pushed my power into the flesh in my hand, igniting it.
“No!” She screamed and tried to dive for it, but it burned away too quick. Amd she burned away with it. Her body flaked off into ash and she drifted away. I turned back to Toya.
“Are you okay?” I knelt next to her.
She gave me a pained smile. “Nothing we can’t heal. But we need to get back.” I nodded, and I leaned in and kissed her brow.
“Thank you for always trusting in me. And thank you for fighting for so long.” I pulled back and stood. “I’ll see you in a minute.” Then I turned and ran back the way I came. The sand shifted under my feet until I made it to the shadows of the trees. The unfamiliar trunks and patches of grass gave way to more familiar trees, and a soft grass that I knew like the back of my hand.
Nix and Megan were waiting for me. “Did you do it?” Megan tilted her head,
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 302.
“Did you doubt me?” I smiled back at her as I crossed the last barrier.
“Not for a minute.” She rubbed herself against me as Nix mirrored her on my other side.
“What happened?” Nix settled against my leg.
“I’ll tell you later. I need to check on everyone.” I ran my fingers through both of their furs, settling my stomach.
“Did you just rub Toya’s blood in my fur?” Nix’s voice was amused, but I froze.
“I didn’t even think. I’m sorry.” I leaned in and kissed her head.
“It’s fine. Check on our friends.” Megan bumped my shoulder and then they ran off.
I opened my eyes to find everyone at the table. My hand was covered in blood. Wendy and Hanna were pale, Toya and Micca were smiling at me. “Toya?”
“I’m back. I’m okay.” She looked at her shoulder, and thankfully, it was knitting itself back together.
“What the fuck was that?” Hanna pointed at my hand.
“What?” I looked at her.
“Did you doubt me?” I smiled back at her as I crossed the last barrier.
“Not for a minute.” She rubbed herself against me as Nix mirrored her on my other side.
“What happened?” Nix settled against my leg.
“I’ll tell you later. I need to check on everyone.” I ran my fingers through both of their furs, settling my stomach.
“Did you just rub Toya’s blood in my fur?” Nix’s voice was amused, but I froze.
“I didn’t even think. I’m sorry.” I leaned in and kissed her head.
“It’s fine. Check on our friends.” Megan bumped my shoulder and then they ran off.
I opened my eyes to find everyone at the table. My hand was covered in blood. Wendy and Hanna were pale, Toya and Micca were smiling at me. “Toya?”
“I’m back. I’m okay.” She looked at her shoulder, and thankfully, it was knitting itself back together.
“What the fuck was that?” Hanna pointed at my hand.
“What?” I looked at her.
but
She pointed at my hand. “You were just standing next to her, and then suddenly you slammed your claws into her shoulder, shredding it.”
Toya moved her shoulder in a circle. “She was saving us.” She sighed. “But it hurt like a motherfucker.” She turned to Micca. “How’s the whispers?”
“Gone.” She sighed in relief.
Wendy smiled. “Mine too.” We turned to Hanna.
“Mine too.” She sighed in relief.
“Perfect.” I sat down with a sigh. “So, who’s ready to find out their lineage?”
###Next D 301
Chapter 301 
“No!” Verity shrieked as I pumped ore power into the mark hidden on Toya’s dark skin. She thought I wouldn’t notice the slight discolouration on her shoulder. But I have spent years sparring with her, years being her friend, shifting with her almost daily. I know her body, and I saw the slight difference as soon as Toya moved her hair.
Toya stumbled back and her eyes flashed with confusion. “What the hell?” She turned to look down. “It fucking burns.” She snarled as I sent a fresh wave of magic into her shoulder.
“I know, and I’m sorry, but it has to go.” I grabbed her and pulled her closer to me. “Do you trust me?”
She stared at me for less than a second. “Of course I do.”
I nodded as Verity screamed again. “You can’t fucking do this.” She stumbled towards us as I shifted my hand into claws behind my back. I pulled back my power from Toya’s shoulder, like I was giving up, like her power was too strong to break through. I panted and flashed a look at Toya She gave a tiny nod as I turned away. Verity smiled. “ Wait…that’s it? The oh so powerful Amy.” She straightened her back as she came closer. “Yet you power did nothing to my glyph.” She went from scared to boasting quickly. I nearly growled but let her have her moment. Let her boast her power, let her revel in this win. “Honestly, that was pathetic.”
Toya snorted. “If it was so pathetic, why were you so worried?” She looked down at her shoulder and lifted her hand to trace the glyph. “I can barely make it out.” She snapped her eyes to mine. “How did you notice it?”
I chuckled, a little breathlessly, focusing on my words as I gathered my power into my claws behind my back. “We have sparred more times than I can count these last few years. My face has been pressed up against that shoulder more than a few times.” Just a little more power, and then I can strike. I funneled more power into my hand.
Toya threw her head back. “True enough.” Her finger traced the skin again, then she turned back to Verity. “You burned this into my skin?”
She smirked. “Brilliant, isn’t it? The glyph sticks to you skin after contact. And then it worms past your defenses, giving me a way in. Once I was in here with you, and you touched another of your friends, you transferred the glyph to them. Giving me a way into each of your friends.” 1
“Wow, you are like a super villain.” I shook my head. 2
“What?” She turned to me.
“No, no, finish your evil monologue.” I nodded towards Toya. “You obviously had this prepared.”
“Shut up!” Verity stomped towards us. “You have to have a comeback for everything. Look at me, I’m Amy. I’m so witty and powerful. I’m gorgeous.” She mimicked, and I threw my head back and laughed.
“I wouldn’t say gorgeous, but I’m easy on the eyes. I will give you
“My goddess, do you not tire of your own voice?” She snarled.
that.” 
“Funny that you say that. I wasn’t the one giving a monologue of my evil doings just now.” I looked at Toya and rolled my eyes.
She snorted. “Honestly, I would really say Amy is witty either.” She looked at me with a wink. “She is a little too slow to be considered witty.”
“Hey!” I called. I felt my fingers burning with my power and I knew it was ready. But I needed to be sure of one thing.
“What the hell is wrong with the two of you?” She screamed, fisting her hands like a toddler, “I have invaded all of your friends. The only way to get me out was breaking that glyph.” She pointed to Toya’s shoulder. “But you
+25 BONUS
Chapter 301
won’t ever get rid of me. I were too weak to do that.” She laughed triumphantly. “Dont you get it yet. I won! You will continue to infect everyone one around you, and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it.”
“Wait a minute.” Toya held up her hands. “I’ll continue to fect more people.”
She nodded. “Yupp.” she did a tiny dance. “Genius isn’t it. created this as the primary glyph. All the others are tied to it. If this one failed, all the others would disappear, because they draw power from the host. That’s why I put the first one on you. Because you were the only one strong enough to feed it.”
“So you’re saying if Toya’s glyph is gone, everyone else would be free.” Triple checking before I did something rash.
“Yeah, but you were too weak to do it.” She did another dance.
“Perfect.” I slammed my claws into Toya’s shoulder, shredding the skin. Toya screamed as she dropped.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 302
###Next D 303
Chapter 303
We all sat in stunned silence for a moment before we all cracked and started laughing, Wendy leaned back and wiped her face as tears fell. “The fuck Amy.”
“What?” I giggled.
Hanna shook her head. “Today has been the most insane day.” 
“What do you mean?” I turned to face her, leaning on the table.
“We woke up and got ready for graduation, your birthday, and we were so happy.” She smiled. “And then the bullshit with your dad, with the king, the attack, Carly and Carl, and then everything with Toya and Micca…” She sighed. “I’m exhausted.”
Micca nodded. “But I also know this will eat at Amy until she figures it out, and we are all about to go home in…” She looked at the clock. “Five hours.” I groaned, but nodded.
“She is right. Two of you are leaving, and we don’t honestly know when we will see each other again.” I sighed as I stood and walked to the kitchen for a cloth. I came back to the table and wiped it off. “We need to know if my thought it correct.”
Toya nodded. “I know that my line stems from Nut, so we worship the Moon Goddess and Nut. Keeping our relationship with both of our goddesses has blessed our line.” 
Wendy tucked her foot under her leg. “Blessed how?”
“Stronger wolves in our line. Good luck with money. Amy’s father saving us.” Toya shrugged. “Just over all better blessings.”
Wendy picked at her nail, and I could see she was fighting with her thoughts. “What’s up Wendy? Talk to us.” I reached across the table and grabbed her hand before she could pick so hard to make herself bleed.
She looked at me. “I would really like to know if I came from a goddess. My line has been…” She looked away. “I won’t say I have been overlooked, but we haven’t had a ranked wolf in centuries. And every time a wolf comes of age, the elders look more and more hurt.” She met my eyes. “I was the last born and my coming of age…my grandfather nearly died of anger.”
Hanna sighed. “Knowing the goddess you come from doesn’t mean you will be blessed. I mean, my family came from Tsukiyomi, yet she has never blessed us.” She looked around the table. “I sound a little bitter, don’t I?”
Micca gave a tiny nod. “But it’s okay.’
Hanna wiped her face. “It’s not, because we are still here and I don’t want to sound ungrateful. But my family has been the same as Wendy’s, full of disappointing looks anytime we come of age and we aren’t ranked.”
“You both hold a rank now.” I offered.
But both Wendy and Hanna shook their heads. “That’s because you pushed us.” Hanna smiled at me.
“You made us better.”
I opened my mouth but Micca snorted. “I’m all for Amy’s appreciation here. But she isn’t magic.” She paused.” Well, she is magic, and that was a terrible phrase. But you know what I mean.” Both women looked utterly confused. I snorted a laugh.
“What she is trying to say?” Toya looked at them. “Is that while Amy made us stronger and better? She can’t make you something you didn’t have the capabilities of doing yourself.”
Chapter 303
+25 BONUS
I pointed at Toya. “Exactly that.”
Wendy and Hanna looked at each other and rolled their eyes Wendy tilted her head and sighed. “I know you are just trying to make us feel better, but we both were tested long before we met you.”
I sat back. “Wolves come in two flave.”
Everyone looked confused, but I pushed on. “Some wolves, higher ranked, or boastful wolves, push all of their strength into their auras. They do this for a few reasons. Stupidity, ego, or to make them seem stronger than they are. Lower rank wolves sometime do this, and while it never levels them up much higher than they would have ranked naturally, it does give them an edge. Making them appear stronger. But smart wolves, your wolves, and I mean all of your wolves, invested more in physical strength. When they were developing, they made the smart decision to grow they physical attributes. Their speed, strength, size, things like that. And while these wolves initially score lower on the rankings. Once trained, they rank up, and can continue to rank until they are full grown.”
Everyone froze. “What are you saying?” Toya turned to me “Are you being serious?”
I nodded. “Yes, I’m being serious. And what I’m saying is, you and I are stuck being alphas. But Micca, Hanna, and Wendy still have about a year to move up. Wolves settle around twenty–two to twenty–three. Once you settle, that is your rank for life, unless you mate up. But,” I met all of their eyes. “You have the ability to move up.”
→ +26 BON
###Next D 304
Chapter 304 
Wendy’s mouth dropped open as she stared at me. “Are you serious?” I nodded as I met her gaze. I was planning on telling them this tonight, anyway. After graduation and the celebration, but things change obviously. “Why haven’t you told us?” Hanna stood from the table. She seemed hurt, but I had my reasons.
I winced at her tone, but I turned and met her glare head of “To be honest, this was honestly just a working theory until about a month ago.” I looked at Wendy and Hanna. “When you both settled into your new rank, I wanted to see if this was an anomaly and that you weren’t going to revert back to being unranked. I was also thinking that I was reading you too deeply because we are connected. So I talked it out with Toya, and we decided to wait to tell you.” I looked at Toya and she jumped in.
Toya nodded. “We discussed it, the possibility of it. Amy asked me if I had noticed anything about you two first. But since we were together every day, I had to take a minute to figure out the change. Once I noticed the jump, we talked about what we should do. We didn’t want to give you hope to only have it taken away.
Hanna slumped into her chair. “Are you sure that we won’t” She looked between the two of us and I could see the hope, and also the acceptance that this was all just a huge mistake.
I reached out my hand and grabbed hers, giving it a squeeze before dropping it. “After you both stayed gamma’s for over a month, I went looking.”
Micca traced the table with her finger absently. “Looking for what?”
“I went looking for more records. I spent nights in the stacks looking for any references for this ever happening before.” I yawned so wide I cracked my jaw.
“What did you find?” Wendy leaned in.
I wiped my eyes before I answered. “Nothing.” I watched her deflate. “So I started in my father’s old records, and when that didn’t pan out, I went to the source.”
“The goddess?” Hanna snapped her head in my direction.
I laughed. “No, sadly, she wasn’t interested in giving me a direct answer, but I asked. I asked my grandmother. She had been around for a very long time. Her family was close to the pack before that as well.” I leaned against the table. “She explained to me what I just did to you. That the goddess gives out wolves the ability to get stronger. Obviously, there is a limit. I don’t know what it is. But there is always a limit on how much one person can do.”
Toya snorted. “Coming from you, that is funny.”
“What?” I reared back, but everyone else laughed. “Anyway. Let’s figure this out.” I looked around and waited for everyone else to agree. One by one they all nodded. I jumped up and clapped. “Once we do this, we can catch a few hours of sleep. I’ll figure out tomorrow in the morning.” My brain was pretty much mush at this point, and I knew I needed sleep. But this had to happen first.
I ran to the kitchen and grabbed five bowls. Might as well join them. I placed one in front of everyone and then I pulled the over the rest of the stuff from the bag. I gave everyone a tea light and then used the twine to create small bundles of herbs.
“What is this stuff?” Micca leaned over and sniffed the bundle I placed in front of her.
I picked up everyone one by one. “Yarrow, mugwort, rose, rosemary, and ginkgo. Alone and they aren’t much but together, with a little sacrifice and the right words, and we have a spell.” I handed the last bundle to Wendy. “I’ll go first.” I placed the candle in the center of the bowl and liit. “Fuck.” I got up and went to the kitchen and grabbed a knife and came back.
Chapter 304
+26 BONUS
Chapter 304 
Wendy’s mouth dropped open as she stared at me. “Are you serious?” I nodded as I met her gaze. I was planning on telling them this tonight, anyway. After graduation and the celebration, but things change obviously.
“Why haven’t you told us?” Hanna stood from the table. She seemed hurt, but I had my reasons.
I winced at her tone, but I turned and met her glare head of “To be honest, this was honestly just a working theory until about a month ago.” I looked at Wendy and Hana. “When you both settled into your new rank, I wanted to see if this was an anomaly and that you weren’t going to revert back to being unranked. I was also thinking that I was reading you too deeply because we are connected. So I talked it out with Toya, and we decided to wait to tell you.” I looked at Toya and she jumped in.
Toya nodded. “We discussed it, the possibility of it. Amy asked me if I had noticed anything about you two first. But since we were together every day, I had to take a minute to figure out the change. Once I noticed the jump, we talked about what we should do. We didn’t want to give you hope to only have it taken away.
Hanna slumped into her chair. “Are you sure that we won’t!” She looked between the two of us and I could see the hope, and also the acceptance that this was all just a huge mistake.
I reached out my hand and grabbed hers, giving it a squeeze before dropping it. “After you both stayed gamma’s for over a month, I went looking.”
Micca traced the table with her finger absently. “Looking for what?”
“I went looking for more records. I spent nights in the stacks looking for any references for this ever happening before.” I yawned so wide I cracked my jaw.
“What did you find?” Wendy leaned in.
I wiped my eyes before I answered. “Nothing.” I watched her deflate. “So I started in my father’s old records, and when that didn’t pan out, I went to the source.”
“The goddess?” Hanna snapped her head in my direction.
I laughed. “No, sadly, she wasn’t interested in giving me a direct answer, but I asked. I asked my grandmother. She had been around for a very long time. Her family was close to the pack before that as well.” I leaned against the table. “She explained to me what I just did to you. That the goddess gives out wolves the ability to get stronger. Obviously, there is a limit. I don’t know what it is. But there is always a limit on how much one person can do.”
Toya snorted. “Coming from you, that is funny.”
“What?” I reared back, but everyone else laughed. “Anyway. Let’s figure this out.” I looked around and waited for everyone else to agree. One by one they all nodded. I jumped up and clapped. “Once we do this, we can catch a few hours of sleep. I’ll figure out tomorrow in the morning.” My brain was pretty much mush at this point, and I knew I needed sleep. But this had to happen first.
I ran to the kitchen and grabbed five bowls. Might as well join them. I placed one in front of everyone and then I pulled the over the rest of the stuff from the bag. I gave everyone a tea light and then used the twine to create small bundles of herbs.
“What is this stuff?” Micca leaned over and sniffed the bundle I placed in front of her.
I picked up everyone one by one. “Yarrow, mugwort, rose, rosemary, and ginkgo. Alone and they aren’t much but together, with a little sacrifice and the right words, and we have a spell.” I handed the last bundle to Wendy. “I’ll go first.” I placed the candle in the center of the bowl and lit it. “Fuck.” I got up and went to the kitche grabbed a knife and came back.
and
$26 BONUS
Chapter 304 
“A knife?” Hanna paled, but I just chuckled.
“You fought rogues tonight, and you’re afraid of a knife?” sat back down and used the knife to prick my finger. I counted the drops. “Three drops.” 1 grabbed the bundle of herbs and twirled them over the flame until they caught. The smoke billowed, and I called out. “Ano septa clu dine.” The smoke darkened. And then, in the dark smoke, the moon goddess stood proudly.
“Holy shit.” Toya murmured. But it wasn’t until the moon goddess turned to look at us and murmured.
“I, Selene, claim you.” Then she disappeared.
The triple faced goddess appeared next. Her words were stronger. “I, Hekate, claim you.” Then the smoke cleared and everyone was speechless.
“Holy shit, it worked.” Hanna whispered, and we all laughed.
“Did you doubt me?”
###Next D 305
Chapter 305 
Chapter 305 
“No.” Hanna shook her head, but then went back to the bowl. “But I didn’t expect that.” She waved her hand in the air, causing all of us to laugh.
“That was…” Micca she trailed off as she stared at my bowl
Wendy chuckled again. “Intense.”
I nodded. “Magic can be.”
Toya grabbed her bundle of herbs. “My turn.” She turned to me, wiggling her eyes brows.
I leaned over. “Why are you so excited?”
Toya bounced in her chair. “I know who I come from. But I have never seen her as you have, and that.” She sighed. “That was amazing. Seeing the moon goddess claim you was amazing.” She looked at the other girls. “I want that feeling for myself.”
I nodded. “This will be interesting.” I scooted closer to her and held the knife to her. “Light your candle. Give your sacrifice.” I looked over at everyone. “When you light the herbs, I’ll grab your hand and together we will recite the words.”
Wendy paled. “I don’t remember the words.”
I waved her off. “It’s okay. The words are easy. Ano septa clu dine.”
“Wait.” Wendy stood to grab a pen.
I laughed. “Sit down Wendy.” She plopped back into the chair. “Listen and repeat.” I looked around and they nodded. “Ano.”
“Anu.” Hanna called, but I shook my head.
“Ah–no.” They nodded and repeated the word. “Septa. Clu. Di–neh.” I waited for each to repeat the word until they had it. “Ano septa clu dine.” Once they were sure of their pronunciation, they settled. “Now.” I turned to Toya. “Are you ready?”
She nodded. “I am.” She grabbed the knife and pricked her finger.
“The candle.” I laughed.
“Shit.” She scrambled to get her tea light lit and placed into the bowl. Then she had to prick herself again because her wolf had already healed the first one. “Okay.” She looked to me and I smiled as I nodded to her finger.
“Three drops.” She nodded as she sprinkled the three drops into the bowl, then grabbed her herbs. I slid my hand into hers. “Now ignite the herbs and say the words.” I pushed power into her and watched as she twirled the. bundle over the tea light. She looked at me and together we said the words. “Ano septa clu dine.”
The smoke billowed, but Toyas smoke was a soft grey. Sand blew in the distance as a goddess appeared. Her black hair was in braids that wrapped around her head, her skin was the dark blue black of the night sky. Stars scattered her entire body, but it was the galaxies that twirled, the comments that shot, the nebulas that decorated her skin that caught my breath. She was beautiful. Her eyes briefly met mine, and she nodded once. Acknowledging me when she didn’t have to. (1
“We acknowledge Selenes‘ most beloved creation as homage to Selene.” Her words were soft, but they vibrated the room. The goddess turned to Toya. “I, Nut, claim you.” Her eyes glowed softly as Toya connected with her goddess, and then she disappeared.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 305
“Holy shit.” Micca looked at Wendy. “Did you see her sky? That was amazing.”
Toya stayed looking in that smoke for a few more moments and then she turned to me with tears in her eyes. Thank you.‘
I smiled and leaned in to hug her. “You are most welcome.” I pulled back from her and turned to the others. “I think today should mark a change. Once I have more time, will dig more into each of your goddesses.” 
“Why?” Wendy, ever questioning, leaned back into her chair.
“Because I feel like we have all been lacking.” I watched her face fall. “I haven’t done thing either, but after tonight, we really have no excuse.”
“Lacking in what?”
“Honoring our ancestors and worshipping our goddesses.” stood, walking around the table to Hanna. “You’re next Hanna.”
She sighed and then nodded. “I obviously want to see Tsukiyomi. I just don’t think it’s going to make a difference.” Toya stood and moved to my old chair, giving up hers so I could sit next to Hanna.
“And it might not. But this will bring you closer to her and hopefully, we can bring more opportunities to your family.” She looked thoughtful for a moment before she grabbed the lighter. She did the first few steps and then slid her hand into mine. I pushed power through her as she lit her herbs and then we whispered the words together. The smoke billowed into glowing white smoke. A woman in long, flowy ornamental robes appeared. Hanna’s brow furrowed as the goddess smiled down at her. Her long black hair was free, falling straight down her back. Her pale skin was almost glowing, and she flicked a fan open as she turned to me. She gave a deep bow before straightening back up and focusing on Hanna. “You are surprised to see me, child?” Her voice was heavily accented, but soft.
Hanna froze, but then nodded. “You are not Tsukiyomi.” Hanna said it softly.
The goddess smiled and then leaned closer. “And you…are not from Japan.” Hanna reeled back. “I, Chang’e, claim you.”
Chapter 306 
###Next D 306
Chapter 306 
Silence. I looked around the room, and everyone was staring at Hanna, who was frozen in her chair. We waited another minute before I squeezed her hair. “Are you okay?” Hanna blinked a few times before she sat back in her chair. She turned to me and her mouth opened, but still, nothing came out. I wiggled her hand and then she seemed to almost deflate. “Talk to us.” 1
“My family is from Japan, though.” Hanna finally collected her thoughts.
“And they might have been for a few generations, but they could have moved to Japan from another country, right?”
Hanna considered it. “I mean it’s possible.” She looked at me. “I don’t know where from, though.”
“That’s easy.” I closed my eyes.
“Wait!” I opened my eyes and turned to Wendy.
“What’s wrong?”
She blushed. “Before you figure out where Chang’e comes from, I think you should do Micca and I first.” She started to pick at her nails again.
“Why?” Toya reached across to stop her picking.
She looked up. “I’m not familiar with gods.” I wanted to laugh, but I just nodded. She sighed. “I am thinking that if neither Micca nor I know our goddesses either, you can find out all three at the same time. I don’t really know what you were going to do, but just in case, maybe you should wait.” She smiled, and it was full of confusion and regret.
I laughed this time. “I was going to call my grandmother, so you are right. The only other thought I had was to g** **e.” I lifted a shoulder when Micca threw her head back and laughed. “What? Wendy is right…I am about as familiar with the gods as I am with their origins.”
Hanna looked between us and then nodded. “She is right. We should wait. That way we can find out everything we need to in one visit.” She stood and held the chair back. She looked at Micca. “You’re next.”
Micca looked terrified. But then she shook herself. “I don’t know why I’m worried. There won’t be any goddess- that claims me.” She laughed and pulled the lighter to her, getting her bowl ready as I slipped into the chair. Hanna sat in the chair I just left. As I turned to her, she was already dripping her blood into the bowl. I slipped my fingers through hers and in moments, dark blue smoke filled the air in front of her. “No way.” Her whisper was soft, but the goddess in front of her chuckled.
“That’s no way to great your sire, child.” The goddess‘ lilting accent was kind. Her eyes held a soft silver glow to them as she smirked. “I was wondering when you would remember your roots. Welcome home, lass. I, Arianrhod, claim you.” Then she was gone.
Micca turned to me and I gave her a soft smile. “You were right.” She whispered.
“I think so, but we won’t be sure until after Wendy.” Everyone turned to face our friend, who was almost vibrating as she grabbed the lighter. I laughed as Micca stood and we swapped places. I had barely settled when Wendy was dripping the blood into the bowl in front of her. I grabbed her hands as she recited the words with me.
Dark smoke filled the air in front of her and we all froze at the sight that took shape in front of Wendy. A man with dark hair and silver eyes looked down at her. “I had thought you had forgotten me, pup.” The god’s smile was full of mirth and he winked. “I, Máni, claim you.” Then he was gone.
I turned with a wide open mouth to Wendy. “I didn’t expect that. I don’t know why I assumed we would all come
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 308
from goddesses. But that…” 
“Was a god.” She finished.
I nodded. “That he was.” 
“I’m descended from a god.” She looked at me with wide eyes and a trembling lip.
“Yes, yes, you are.” I sighed and sat back in my chair, feeling validated. “Okay. One more thing, then we can sleep.” I closed my eyes. “Grandma, I need your guidance. I don’t know my gods and goddesses, but I need to know who these are.” 
I felt the ghost of a touch at my shoulder and I looked up to find her standing next to me. She leaned down and kissed my brow. “My girl, you are tired.”
I nodded as I opened my eyes. “I am, but this needed to be figured out tonight.” She nodded.
“That it does.” She turned to my friends. “Hello my girls.” She smiled as she walked to Toya. “I know. I don’t have to tell you much. You know your homeland. You stories are intact. Nut watches over her children. Her sands will always welcome you home.” Toya smiled and nodded.
“It was still amazing to see her.” My grandmother leaned over and kissed her brow. Then she turned to Hanna.
###Next D 307
Chapter 307 
+25 BONUS
“You come from a family or travelers.” She winked as she moved onto my next friend. Then she looked around and smiled. “All of you do. But you three, you lost your roots because of it.” She watched as the three of them all nodded. “Now. Refinding your stories, finding your roots will become something important to you. And it should be.” She leaned over and kissed Hanna’s brow. “While Japan is dear to your family. China is where they stem from. Your goddess calls you home.” She moved to Micca, and she tugged on her strands. “It should come as no surprise that your roots are Welsh. Rich in culture and redheads.” My grandmother laughed. “Arianrhod of the silver wheel and weaver. Tell her stories and bring her home.” Micca smiled as she played with a lock of hair as my grandmother moved past me. She stopped next to Wendy and kissed her brow. “A god brought forth your line. Norse roots date your family back years. Yet in their exploration, your men turned their back on their god. And now you have to find your way back to him.”
I watched as my friends digested the information. Then, as one, they all turned to thank her, but my grandmother was already gone. “Damn, she’s fast.” Toya smirked.
“We didn’t even get to say thank you.” Wendy sat back in her chair and I smiled.
“She knows.” I sighed as I sat back. “How are we all feeling?”
Everyone took a deep breath, sitting with all the new knowledge, but it was Hanna that spoke up first. “I had no idea we moved from China.” She looked down at her hands. My father was sure we were Japanese, through and through.”
I bit the skin on my thumb. “Is that a bad thing? Being from China?”
“God no.” Hanna had to think for a moment. “It’s not a good or bad thing, just unexpected.” She sighed. “I doubt my father will even believe me.
>>
“And do you need your father to believe you?” Micca leaned her elbow on the table.
Hanna paused before answering. “No. I don’t think I need him to, but I would like him to. Chang’e deserves our line to recognize its roots.” I nodded. “I don’t know how to go about speaking with him about it.”
“I don’t think that is something you have to worry about right this second. And maybe you could find the immigration records, or something like that.” Wendy smiled, and I agreed.
“Wendy is right. You are focused on the wrong thing. How you do feel about everything?” I pushed her to focus on herself for a minute. “Push aside what anyone else might think about these revelations. Just how are you feeling?”
Hanna took a deep breath. “Vindicated.”
I tilted my head. “Why?”
“Because my father was so obsessed about being descended by Tsukiyomi that it became relentless. I told my father that we couldn’t focus solely on Tsukiyomi. We had to stop relying on a goddess that had turned her back on us. But now…I realized I was right, but for another reason. He was focused on the wrong goddess.” She sighed. Vindication was probably the wrong word, but I’m tired.”
Wendy yawned. “I’m exhausted.” She looked over at me. “But I am honestly blown away. I never thought I descended from any god or goddess, but to learn that my family came were probably vikings. That’s cool.”
Micca turned to her. “Vikings? How do you know?”
”
“Máni, he is a Norse god.” Wendy smiled. “I chose to do a report on the Norse pantheon when I was a child.” Micca sat back. “So you didn’t have to be told?” Wendy shook her head. “That’s good, but also a little upsetting.”
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 307
“Why?” Wendy chuckled.
e you already know about your god. I’m clueless about mine.” Micca crossed her arms.
Toya laughed. “Typical.”
“What?” Micca pouted more. “What’s so freaking typical?” She tossed her arms up.
“You get bratty and whiny when you’re tired.” I pointed out, and everyone else nodded. She opened her mouth and then stopped to think about it. She just ended up nodding and sighing.
“You’re right.” She yawned and rubbed her eyes.
“But.” I pushed myself to my feet. “It’s time to turn in. We have to get up early in the morning and we have to plan our next steps.” Everyone else stood as well. “Goodnight.”
“Night Amy.” We all trudged up the stairs and went into our separate rooms with a soft click of our doors. I made it to the bed and slid inside of it.
Today had been way too much. So much happened that my battery was completely run dry. How was I going to take care of a child? How was I supposed to be here and there at the same time? I groaned as I thought about home. I wanted to be with my mother, but having to face Morgan and Shannon was going to be hell.
But that was tomorrow’s issue.
###Next D 308
Chapter 308 
+25 BONUS 
My alarm was screaming at me, and I rolled over with a groan. “Please goddess. Let me sleep.” I cracked open my eyes. Then, like clockwork, everyone else groaned. I heard a distant ‘please goddess no‘ and that made me laugh. There was a soft knock, and I called out. “Yeah?” Thinking it was Toya, I stood and stretched. I turned to the door to find a small face staring up at me and I hurried over. “Hey Carly.” I pulled the door wide and crouched down.” Good morning.”
She stared at me for a few minutes and I could see tears gathering in her eyes. “Can…” she trailed off and rubbed her nose on her sleeve.
I reached for her. “What’s wrong?”
She worried at her lip for a minute. “Can you help me pick out my clothes?” 
I smiled softly. “Of course I can.” I didn’t realize she needed help with this still. I was out of my depth. Almost as if she read my mind, she sniffled again. “I normally pick my clothes, but.” She stopped and wiped her eyes.
“But what, baby?” I pulled her closer to me. She resisted for a minute before she relaxed against me.
“I wanna look my best to say goodbye to daddy.” She wiped her eyes again. “So, can you help me?”
The words hit me like little slaps. “Of course I can. After we get dressed, we can have breakfast before we go down to see him, okay?” I looked down at the small girl in my arms. Her tiny princess pajamas were a stark contrast to her sad little face.
“Okay.” She pulled away and grabbed my hand and pulled me to her room. We just reached her door when Toya stepped out of her room.
“Good morning.” Toya patted Carly’s head. “How about pancakes for breakfast?”
Carly thought for a minute, and then she nodded. “Can we have chocolate chips in them?”
Toya smiled softly. “Of course we can.” She looked at me. “‘ll get breakfast ready. Come down when you’re ready.” I gave her a thankful smile, and we went to pick out her clothes.
We walked into her closet and I could tell she had been in here before coming to get me. Little clothes were thrown around in piles. “Okay.” I got to my knees and started picking through the clothes, refolding them or hanging them back on to their hangers. “Let’s see what you chose so far.”
Carly grabbed the smallest pile of clothes. “These are the nicest dresses I have.” She handed me the dresses, pretty pink and white little fluffy things. “But these aren’t right.”
I nodded. “These are beautiful, but you are right. Not for today.” I got to my feet and started to hang everything up as she pulled drawers out.
“Maybe I have nice pants.” She searched through another drawer, and I smiled.
I spotted the box as I hung up the last dress, and I grabbed it down. Carly was still digging in her drawer and I let her be for a minute. I opened the box to find a frilly black dress with tiny ribbons for her hair and black shoes. A letter was left on top of the dress, and I swallowed.
“I have nothing good enough.” She looked up at me with tears trailing down her face and her lip quivering.
“It’s okay.” I sat down with the box. “Daddy took care of it for you.” Now come on over and shut your eyes. She came over to me and she scrunched her face up, closing her eyes, making me laugh. I pulled off her top and pulled
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 308
the dress over her head before tugging down her pants off from under it. I grabbed the small black dress socks and slid them on to her feet, then her shoes. “Wait here and don’t open your eyes yet, okay?”
I waited for her to answer. “Okay.” I grabbed her hairbrush and two elastics from her bathroom and rushed back to fix her hair. I pulled her hair into two pigtails and wrapped the black ribbons around them. There, she was done.
1
“You are perfect.” I patted her head and stood her in front of her mirror. “Open your eyes.” Carly looked at herself and her little lip poked out. She twirled, and I could tell she felt pretty, but she couldn’t be happy right this minute. I pulled the letter and opened it. “My darling baby girl.” I started, and her little eyes snapped to mine. “If Amy is reading this to you, then I’m gone.” A tear fell as she came over to me. “I need you to know, baby girl, that I am right here with you today, and every day for the rest of your life.” I looked at her and opened my arms. She dove against me. “You look beautiful in your dress, baby. It’s okay to think you’re pretty even when you’re coming to say goodbye. Love you always, Daddy.”
###Next D 309
Chapter 309
Chapter 309
Tiny sobs racked her body. She cried herself out before she looked up into my face. “Did daddy really say that?” I nodded and showed her the letter.
“You’ve seen your dad’s hand writing right?” I asked softly but she shook her head. “Well, this was written by him.” I watched her tiny finger trace the words.
“I can’t read it.” I leaned my head against hers.
“I’ll teach you.”
She took the letter gently. “Is this mine?”
I kissed her head. “Your daddy wrote you a ton of letters, and you get to keep them all.” I was going to push up from the ground, but Carly stopped me.
She handed it back to me. “I don’t want to lose it.” I took the letter and folded it back up. “Can you keep it for me?” She sniffled and then stood. She made her way over to the mirror and twirled in a circle. “My daddy is right.”
“Oh?”
“You made me beautiful.” She gave me a tiny smile as I got up off the floor.
“No, Carly girl. You are already beautiful. I just did your hair.” I tucked the letter into my sweatpants. “Do you want to head down stairs? I’m going to go get dressed so I can be ready.”
“Okay, Amy.” She walked back to me. Then she gave me a hug. “Hurry, so the pancakes don’t get cold.” I patted her hair and then she turned and ran out of her room.
I smiled before I made my way back to my room, and then I grabbed clothes for the day. I threw my hair up in a ponytail and slipped my slippers on. Then I headed to the door, but something in the mirror caught my attention. Something I overlooked last night. I turned back to the closet and made my way to the random door in the back wall. “Now, why would you be here?”
I opened the door to find…nothing. It was a short hallway to nowhere. I went in, spun in a circle and then came out. “What the hell are you doing?” I spun to see Wendy standing in my doorway, watching me with a confused face.
“I don’t know where this is supposed to go?” I stood back and pointed to the door to nowhere.
Wendy came over and opened the door herself. She went in, and closed the door, then came back out with a letter. She handed it to me. “I think this is for you.” I grabbed it.
“Thanks.” I went to open it, but Hanna came in. “Hey.”
“Carly is looking for you.” I just nodded and tucked the letter into my pocket, then we headed downstairs.
“Hey darling.” I called as I rounded the corner. She was sitting in a chair at the table, kicking her feet, waiting. A plate of food in front of her and one next to her. “You needed me?”
Carly nodded. “I helped make you a plate so we could go see daddy sooner.”
I gave her a quick smile. “Thank you.” I slid in next to her and dug in. “This is great.”
She smiled at me as she ate a few bites. “Daddy likes his pancakes like this.”
“He has good taste.” I smiled as I finished another bite. “And you are such an amazing girl to make me breakfast.” Everyone else made their way to the table with their plates. They all said good morning to both of us.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 309
“So what’s the plan?” Hanna looked between Carly and me “You both look very nice.”
“We are going to say goodbye to my daddy after breakfast.” Carly took another bite and missed the pitying looks every one flashed at her. She turned to me. “Can we plant flowers?”
I ran my hand down her hair. “Of course we can, baby girl.” nodded towards her food. “Eat. The faster you eat, the faster we can go see your daddy.” I turned to look at Hanna. “After we go sit with Carl, I’ll take you guys back to school.” I turned to look at Toya and Wendy. “Which one of you two would be willing to stay here?”
Carly looked up at me. “You aren’t staying?” her eyes filled with tears.
I grabbed her hands.. “Hey. Don’t cry. I’ll be back later. I just ran directly here last night and I have things to collect. Move over and get ready.”
She wiped her face. “You promise?”
I nodded. “Of course I do. I’ll be here every night. But I will have to be gone during the day. Wendy and Toya here are going to help me with you.” Carly turned to them.
“Like babysitters?”
Hanna and Micca laughed. I smiled, but shook my head. “More than that.”
Carly furrowed her brow. “Like…aunts.”
“Exactly.” Wendy and Toya nodded. “They will be your aunts.” And twirled her ponytail. “The most important thing to remember though, bug, is that you can call us by our names, call us aunties, whatever you are comfortable with.”
###Next D 310
Chapter 310
Chapter 310
Carly met my eyes, and she sniffled. “What will you call me?”
I froze. “Well, I haven’t thought about it. I’ve called you a few names, but that isn’t fair to you either.” I looked around the table. “What would you like us to call you?”
She looked at her hands. “Daddy called me pup. Or baby girl” I nodded when she looked up. But she worried at her lip.
“We can call you other things.” I offered.
She shot up. She raised her hands and waved them. “No, no, no, no.” She whipped her head back and forth.
I grabbed for her hands, worried that she would slip from the chair. “Sweet pea. It’s okay.” I slid my hand to her cheek. “If you want us to call you pup or baby girl so it helps you remember your daddy, we will. If you want us to come up with different nicknames so that only your dad called your those two, we can do that too. What ever you want, we will do.”
Toya stood and came over to her chair, kneeling. “If you want Amy to call you certain names, and then rest of us something else, we can do that too.” She grabbed for her hand. “We will do whatever makes you feel more comfortable with us. We are going to be here with you and Amy as long as you need help.” She smiled up at her. “ Tell us what you would like, little one. You don’t have to worry about our feelings.”
Carly looked around the table and then settled on me. “Do I have to decide right now?”
I shook my head. “No baby, you don’t. But if at any time what we say makes you feel bad or uncomfortable, talk to us…okay?” She nodded, and I leaned over and kissed her temple.
Toya stood and kissed her other side. “Eat, cub. Then we can say goodbye to your father.” She turned and went back to her chair as Carly settled back into her own. She dug back into her food as I turned to look at the girls.
“Is your place packed up?” I ask Toya. Wendy nodded.
“Yeah, we finished it the other day.” She picked up her plate to carry it out to the kitchen. “My stuff was sent back to my moms, but Toya’s is still waiting there.” I nodded. “But I will need some of my stuff.” She came back into the room.
Hanna and Micca looked at each other. “Our stuff was sent back to our packs.”
I nodded. “Most of my stuff was sent back to my pack, but I have my presents and some stuff left in the penthouse.” I sighed. “Trying to get our stuff here is going to take magic.” I grabbed my plate and brought it to the kitchen.
“We will figure it out.” Toya followed me in. Carly was right behind her. “Let Wendy and I figure out some things. Take our girl to say goodbye.”
I nodded and grabbed a paper towel and got it wet. I turned to face Carly and wiped her face down. “There.” “What?” She looked up at me with big brown eyes.
“You are perfect.” I pinched her cheek, earning a smile. “Now, let’s go see daddy.” I held out my hand, and together we slipped out the back door. We walked down the porch, then Carly slipped her hand out of mine and ran to the side of the house. “What are you doing?” I followed.
“I’m picking daddy flowers.” She crouched over some lilac bushes. There were clusters of buds, but not one bloom. “These are his favourites. He said mommy smelled like them.” She trailed her fingers over the closed buds. “I wish they were open.” She looked at me and I smiled.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 310
I pulled my power to my fingers, and I trailed my hands over the bush. Awakening it, making it grow, bloom, and thrive. I snapped full stalks off and pushed my power into the ends.
“What are you doing?” Carly watched with wide eyes.
“You said you wanted to plant flowers with your dad, right? Do you think he will like these?” I waved the bundle in my hands and her face lit up.
“He can sleep under the moon and smell mommy every day” I nodded with a smile. “It’s perfect.” She held her hands open, and I placed the stalks of lilac in them.
“You have to be careful. We want them to have the best chance to grow.” I held my hand open for her and she slipped her hand in mine. Together, we walked to the big elm at the back of the property.
“Daddy loved it here. We used to have picnics here while we built the cabin.” Carly mumbled as her eyes fell on the freshly dug dirt. I walked up next to Carl and knelt down. I dug my fingers down and created a small hole for the lilac to rest, and turned to Carly.
“Hey Carl. I brought Carly to say goodbye.” I took the lilac from her and planted it. “She thought these would be the best choice.” Her sniffled broke my heart.
“Hi Daddy.” Her tiny voice broke me.
“Hey baby girl.”
###Next D 311
Chapter 311
Carly whirled to face the end of the grave only to see Carl settling down on to the ground. “Daddy.” She stood to run to him, but he waved her back down.
“I’m not here baby.” He looked down. “Well I am, but I’m not.”
She settled back on her knees. “You’re under here?” He nodded.
“Yeah baby, Amy laid me down here so that you can spend some time with me if you want.” He smiled as he settled in. “I know I won’t be able to come every time you need me, but today seemed important.”
Carly nodded her head. “I miss you, daddy.” She swiped her hand at her face, smearing snot across her cheek.
I pulled a tissue from my pocket and I wiped it away. Carl smiled, watching us. His eyes met mine. “I miss too, baby girl, but Amy here has you.‘
Carly looked up at me. “I like Amy, but it’s not the same.” Hey eyes held an apology.
you 
I chuckled. “It’s okay sweet pea. It’s going to be different. And it should be.” I kissed her and then we turned to Carl. The smile on his face was bright.
“Go on and say goodbye, baby. I’ll be here whenever you need me to listen.” He nodded to the flowers. “I love my flowers, baby. It was the best choice.” I could see the tear in his eyes as we turned to Carly.
I wrapped my arm around her. “Let’s say goodbye to daddy so he can rest.” I nudged her, and she nodded. “Okay daddy.” She smiled up at me and then at Carl. She settled with her hands in her lap. “I don’t want to let you go. But I know the goddess called you home.” She sounded so mature for someone so young. I looked up at Carl and I realized he was gone. I looked up at the sky and I smiled. He came to make sure she was okay and when he was sure she was, he left. “Amy has been super nice to me. Even though it’s only been a day since you left us, she has made sure you had a nice place to rest. She protected me like you said she would.” She sighed. “Her friends are nice, too. They are like new aunty’s. You always just talked about how Amy would come to save me, but now I got four more girls too. They aren’t my mommy or you, but at least I’m not alone.” She swatted at her face. “I’m going to miss you every day. I promise I’ll be good for Amy She turned, and I watched her face fall. “He’s gone.”
I nodded as I leaned over and kissed her. “He left once he was sure you were okay.” I pulled back and opened my arms. She crawled into my ap and started to cry. “Just because you can’t see him doesn’t mean he isn’t here with you.” I kissed her head as I stood. “Any last words for right now?” She shook her head. “I’ll bring you out here when I get back tonight, and you can tell him about your day.” 
She pulled back. “You promise?”
I nodded. “Of course. I’ll tell him about my day, too. Plus, I have to water the lilac.” We turned away and I sent a push of power into the small plant, giving it a boost before we left it alone for the day.
“Amy…are you mad?”
I almost stumbled. “About what?” I pulled back to look in her face.
“About me?”
I chuckled. “What about you could make me mad, baby?” I tucked her head under my chin as we walked the rest of the way.
You are so young, yet now you have me.” She pulled back as we made it to the door, wiggling until I put her down.
I crouched so I could look at her face to face. “Let me be very clear. Yes, I am young, and I do not have a mate. But
7/2
28 BONUS
Chapter 311 
never for a minute think I didn’t want you. I might not have any idea how to raise a child, but your father could have asked anyone. And he did. He asked my mom. But you and I knew better, didn’t we?” 
Carly nodded. “I’m supposed to be with you.”
“That you are.” I leaned over and kissed her head. “Now. I have to go take everyone one to grab their stuff. Hanna and Micca have to return to their packs, and I have to figure out a way to get our stuff here.” 
Carly’s eyes grew wide. “You have a lot to do.”
“I do. But the most important is making sure you are safe. I pulled her inside with me.
“Daddy said the magic of your daddy did failed.” I turned to face her.
“What?”
“He said that the spell your daddy did wasn’t going to last forever, with everyone searching for us. And last night it failed. That’s why those men turned up. People are searching for me.” Sweet goddess.
“Holy shit.” I turned and ran.
###Next D 312
“Amy.” Carly ran after me, her sweet voice calling for me, and I skidded to a stop.
“Yeah sweet pea?” I panted. The need to protect her warred with my need to take care of her. 
She pointed to a box on the fridge. “Daddy told me to show you the box.” She bounced on her toes. “He said it was important, but I forgot about it till now.” She looked worried.
“It’s okay, baby girl. You did great.” I ran back to the box and pulled it down. Another note was taped to it. I wanted to laugh, cause the man thought of everything. I brought it to the table and Toya stood from the couch when I slammed the box down.
“What’s going on?” She walked over to us and patted Carly on her head. “Are you okay?” I opened the box only to find more herbs and four little statues. “What’s this stuff for?”
But I knew. This was the start of a new barrier spell. I grabbed everything from the box and thought back to the spell in the book. The herbs were here. The statues were here. There was a lock of hair from everyone in the house that you need cloaked. But everything else is here.
“A barrier spell.” I put everything back into the box and then went for a pair of scissors. I dropped them off at the table and then ran upstairs to Carly’s room and grabbed the bag of small rubber bands that I used on her hair today and made my way back to the table. “Guys, I need you down here for a minute.” I dropped the bag on the table and pulled my hair free.
“What are you doing?” I sectioned a tiny portion of my hair off and I braided it. Toya came closer. “Why are you braiding your hair?”
“Come over here, baby girl.” I waved my hand as I grabbed the scissors. Then I cut the braid from my head and chucked it into the box. Carly came over to me. “I have to do the same to you, baby.”
“Okay.” She turned, and I undid her hair. “Why though?”
“I’m going to use it in a spell to keep us safe.” I looked at everyone. “I need a piece from all of you, too. Just in case you come and visit, I don’t want someone able to trace you here.” I explained, but my friends were already braiding their hair.
Toya just took the scissors and cut one of her braid off. “There.” She smiled as she tossed it into the box. One by one, my friends tossed a chunk of their own hair into the box. I finished the tiny braid at Carly’s nape and cut it off, then I quickly redid her hair. “Look at how pretty you are. You can’t even tell.” Toya smiled as she pinched Carly’s cheek, earning a giggle. Then she turned to me. “What is our next steps? For the spell, I mean.”
I kissed Carly’s head and then grabbed the box. “Wendy, grab the big metal bowl from the counter.‘
“The one with the fruit?”
“Yeah. Just leave the fruit. And fill it with water. Please and thank you.” I turned to Carly. “We always say please and thank you because it’s…”
“The nice thing to do?” She looked at me, confused.
I smiled and nodded. “Exactly.” Then I headed to the door.
Outside, I put the box down and looked at the sun. It was easy, behind the house, and I realized the view from the front deck, the swing there would be amazing. The sunset over the ocean. I made a vow to watch it later tonight. But right at this moment, I needed the northern point.
It’s to the left. Nix nudged me that way.
1/2
****25 BONUS 
Chapter 312
How do you know? I started around the side of the house as Megan and Nix laughed.
We are wolves. We know our directions. 
I shook my head but kept walking. I wasn’t sure where I needed to be, but when I took one more step, I knew. This is where I needed to be. I dropped to my knees and pulled everything out of the box. Everyone froze beside me as I put everything on to the ground, kicking up a small amount of dirt into the air.
“Um, Amy?” Toya started‘.
“Hanna, can you get me some wood? I need a little fire.” I eared off a spot and looked back to the cabin.
“Amy?”
“Hanna? Can you bring two big rocks from the garden over here? I need to suspend the metal bowl over the fire.” I organized everything again.
I heard footsteps and I looked up to see Wendy. “I got the bowl.
“AMY!” Toya screamed, finally snapping my attention to her.
“What?” I sat back on my feet.
“Do you realize where we are?” Toya looked around.
“North?” I was still focused on the spell.
“My daddy died here.”
###Next D 313
Chapter 313 
Carly’s words had my stomach dropping. I finally looked around and realized everyone was staring at me, but i couldn’t blame them. This place, this place was still so fresh in our mind from last night.
“We need to move this to a new spot.” Micca offered, but hook my head. This was the spot that I needed.
“We can’t.” I looked down at the ground, blood still a dark stain that I didn’t see. But now I understood. “This is the only place for this spell, and I think Carl knew that.” I sank on to my feet and waited.
“What do you mean, this is the only place for the spell?” Toya crouched in front of me. 
“The spell has to be cast at the north point of the property. The spell, the barrier, stops people from finding those within. My father cast one to keep Carly safe, but since he went into hiding, he wasn’t able to come here to renew it.”
“Renew it?” Micca looked around. “How do you do that?”
“This spell is powered by a sacrifice. The hair or the cloaked, and blood.” I swallowed. “Normally it is the blood of the caster…”
“But Carl…” Toya started, and I nodded.
“My daddy, he fought to get here.” Cary whispered. We all turned to face her.
“What baby?” I grabbed her hand and pulled her closer.
“My dad. He fought through the men to get to this place. And then he stayed here.” She met my eyes, and a tear trembled at the corner of her eye. “I watched from the window. But he made sure to be here.” She pointed to the ground. Then her eyes bounced back to mine. “He knew, didn’t he?”
I just nodded. “He wanted to make sure you were going to be safe for the rest of your life, baby girl.”
She sank to her butt. “He did this to protect me?” Her question was soft, and I chuckled softly.
“Oh baby. Everything he did was to protect you.” I kissed her head, and we waited for the rocks and wood. Hanna came back with the wood, Wendy following her with the rocks.
“I went to grab the rocks for her.” She smiled and dropped it all at my feet. I piled the wood and straightened the rocks. I got everything ready, and li the fire. Placing the bowl over the fire, I waited for the water to heat.
“What can we do?” Toya leaned over my side, watching me work.
“Just follow my lead.” I smiled up at her. Carly came and settled next to my side, like a tiny kitten needing warmth. I picked up the herbs and handed them to her. “Drop them into the water.” I nodded to the bowl, softly simmering.
“Me?” She looked up at me with shock on her face. “I don’t have magic.”
I nudged her. “We both know that isn’t true. Your gifts are just different from mine.” I nodde3d towards the water again. “Go ahead.”
She dropped the herbs one by one into the water. The steam changed scent and the smoke from the fire changed direction against the wind towards the house. I picked up the hair and dropped it into the water. Carly watching quietly. Then I pulled the knife I grabbed from the box and sliced my hand, dripping blood into the water as well. Then I turned to Toya with the knife.
She cut her hand, and we all watched the blood flow into the water. The bubbling liquid shifting to soft pink. Then, one by one, my friends followed suit, turning the water to a deeper pink as the blood boiled with the water.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 313
Finally, I grabbed the knife and looked at Carly.
She took a deep breath and then held out her hand. “You are so strong.” I kissed her temple as I grabbed her hand. I held the knife, but Wendy screamed.
“WAIT.” She waved her hands. “Wait.” Then she took off. She ran to the house and came back with a first aid kit. ” She doesn’t have her wolf yet. She won’t heal.” She pulled out everything she would need and laid it on the case. Then she nodded to me. “I’m ready.”
I turned to Carly. “This will hurt. But as soon as I say go, I need you to run to Aunt Wendy, okay, baby?”
“Okay.” She nodded. And then shut her eyes tight. “Go ahead.”
I took a second to steady my hand, and then I sliced across her palm. She yelped, but held steady as I watched her blood join ours in the bubbling pool. After about twenty seconds, the blood magic took hold, and the water flashed from a dark pink liquid to silver. “Go to Aunt Wendy.” I released her hand and her eyes flashed open. She ran to Wendy, who cleaned the wound. Everyone else was watching me as I grabbed the statues and dropped them into the molten silver liquid.
Micca moved closer to the bowl. “What’s happening?”
+25 BONUS
Chapter 314
###Next D 314
Chapter 314 
I sat silently. My entire focus on the bubbling liquid. The timing had to be perfect. I watched as the silver slowly disappeared, the magic sucking it away. Once the last flash of silver could be seen, I pushed the bowl from the rocks, dumping the dark black liquid over the grass, smothering the fire, and dumping out silver statues.
“What the fuck?” Micca pointed.
Hanna’s mouth dropped open. “Those were wood.” She walked over and stood over them. “Can I touch them?” I nodded, hiding my smile. She bent over and grabbed the first one. “Holy shit.”
“What?” Toya walked over and grabbed another. Her gaze snapped to mine. “It’s metal.” I nodded. “How?”
I gave her a look, lifting my eyebrow. “It’s magic.” I laughed as they all looked at me with the same look of disbelief. I waved them off and stood, bending to grab the other two statues. “They aren’t really metal. The magic, the blood, coated them in the magic I need to create, the barrier, the shield for the cabin. For Carly.” I studied the metal sheen. “I’ll be able to check if the spell needs to be renewed by the look of the statues.” 
“The dark spot.” Toya gasped as she noticed the ground.
Everyone looked at the ground. The pool of dark rust that was over the ground before I started the spell was gone, leaving nothing but the charred bits of wood. “Where did it go?” Hanna snapped to me and I wiggled the statues.
“Then run on sacrifice.” I repeated.
 1:|:?  
“And nothing is a greater sacrifice than giving up your life to protect your pup,” Wendy whispered as she stared at Carly.
I nodded. “Exactly. Carl was a smart man. He knew he would not live past last night.”
“So he made it to this spot where you needed to fuel up this spell?” Hanna whispered and shifted her look to Carly.
“He must have seen it all.” I nodded.
“He knew he was going to die, so he made sure his life and his death would keep Carly safe.” Micca’s voice was full of awe.
“Like I said, he was a smart man.” I finished as I looked at Carly. “And his entire life is you, baby girl. He did everything to make sure you grew up into an amazing woman.” I bent down and met her filled eyes. “You were his entire world. Never forget it.”
She sniffled, but nodded. “What now?”
I nodded towards the house. “Follow me.” I started to the north corner, and realized when we got to the garden bed, Carl had left a decorative tree stump for the statue to sit on. I placed the first, and then moved to the next. In every bed, there was a decorative stump to place the statues.
“I don’t know why I expected anything less.” Wendy shook her head as she held on to Carly’s bandaged hand.
“My daddy said something important would stand here.” She smiled. “I watched as he carved the statues every night.” Her words caught. “They are all my daddy. He said he would watch over me forever.”
Her words were soft, but I looked at the last statue in my hand and realized she was right. I roughly carved Carl stared back at me. “Well, I’ll be damned.” I laughed as I placed the last Carl and I felt the magie click. I walked back to the remains of the fire and stared back at the cabin. The spell was completed, but something was missing.
“Say the words.” My grandmother’s voice had all of us turning. Her and Carl stood next to us, watching, waiting for the last piece to click into place. “Say the words, pup.‘
“}
+25 BONUS
Chapter 314
“There aren’t supposed to be any words.” I shook my head but she just similed.
“Come now.” She smiled over at me. “I know you can feel the spell unfinished. It’s waiting for you to seal it.” Carl looked over at his daughter. “If you don’t, the spell will just keep wearing off.” His eyes snapped to me. They were filled with resignation, but a hint of anger. He was telling me not to waste his sacrifice. “You need to do it.” To keep her safe. His words went unsaid, but understood. Everything he did was to keep his child safe.
I turned back to my grandma, and she nodded to the house. ‘Close your eyes. Focus on the spell. The words will come.” I nodded and faced the cabin. Shutting my eyes and turning my entire focus to the spell I was weaving. The statues that had sucked in every drop of Carl’s sacrifice stood as beacons, power overflowing from them. The spell, a net cast over the cabin, was strong, but I could feel the weak spots. The spell was left unfinished, and if left this way, the woven threads would weaken, shredding apart at those weak points.
I pulled away from everyone, everything, focusing solely on those weak spots. What did I need to do to make them strong, make them solid? I was about to give up, and Carl’s grave flashed in my mind. Protected. Safe.
“Isla fo int ye per ta na shads.” I whispered. The weak spots weaving stronger. “Yi ka dum.” With my final whispered words, the net solidified. Like armor around the cabin.
“Good girl.”
###Next D 315
Chapter 315 
I felt them leave this time; I don’t know how, or why, but knew my grandmother and Carl were gone before I turned. “It’s done.” I turned to my friends. “Whose staying”
Toya and Wendy looked at each other and then back at me. Wendy stepped forward. “I called my mom. She made a bag for me for you guys to grab. We thought having Toya with you would be better.”
“Not better, but I need to figure out what pack I was sent to I figure I could call and ask for leave after I figure it out. That way we can make sure we are set for the next while.”
Wendy nodded. “I already told my mom to tell the Alpha I have a position under you last night. She was ecstatic and the Alpha already agreed.” She looked at me weirdly. “he alpha pair really likes you.”
I snorted and waved her off. “I’m likeable.” She snorted, but let it go. I crouched down to talk to Carly. “Are you going to be okay while we are gone?”
“How long are you going to be gone?” She bit her lip and looked up at me.
“We are going to be quick. We need some stuff.” 
“And food.” Toya jumped in. I looked up at her and she raised her shoulder. “I meant to tell you after breakfast, but shit happened. We are almost out of everything.”
I nodded and turned back to Carly. “What do you want for dinner?”
She looked at me as she thought. “Can we have tacos?”
I tilted my head. “Tacos?”
She nodded. “If you’re home for dinner.”
I booped her nose. “Tacos it is.” I looked at everyone else. “Are we ready to go?” Hanna and Micca nodded. Toya reached over, patted Carly’s head, and nodded. “Are you okay?” I focused back on the child in front of me, and she
nodded.
“I’ll be okay. Just don’t forget me.” She whispered the last words, and they broke my heart.
I kissed her forehead. “Never.” Then I stood. “Wendy…”
“Don’t worry, I’ll take her in and we will find something to do. We will be good, won’t we pup?” Wendy held out her hand and Carly walked over to her, slipping her hand into hers. “What about we go see if we can find something to play?”
“Daddy has a box full of games we can play.” Wendy smiled down at her and they walked to the cabin, leaving us in the grass.
Once I was sure they were safe inside, I turned to the rest. “Shift. We will run back to school to see the mess we left behind.” I sighed and then shifted to Nix. She shook out our fur and waited for everyone else to shift. Then we ran towards the school. This was going to be a long run back
We stayed silent though the entire run, all of us to wrapped up in our own mind to say much. The first scent of the school hit our nose when we were about twenty minutes away and Micca pulled up short. She barked, and we all turned back, coming back to where she was waiting.
“What’s wrong?” I rubbed my side down hers, trying to comfort her.
“When we get back…every thing we know is going to change.” She shook her head.
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 315
“What do you mean?” Hanna came over, rubbing down her other side.
“These last three years we have lived in a little cacoon. We saw each other every day, sparred, grew into the people we are today. But as soon as we get back. Hanna and I are leaving. I don’t know when the next time I’ll get to see you again is.” She looked at me and Toya. “I don’t know if Im ready for this to end.” She settled on her back legs and stared off towards the school.
“We will still talk every day. Still do FaceTime.” Toya came over and flicked her face with her tail. “You are being foolish if you think we are going to fade away.”
She sighed. “I know, but it’s just not the same.
“It won’t be.” I nudged her. “But it can be better.”
“How do you figure?” She sighed.
“We aren’t the same girls that left home three years ago. We are stronger, smarter, and more mature. Plus…”
“Plus?”
“Plus, you can find your mates.” I finished.
Her head snapped to me. “I can find my mate?”
I nodded. “You are old enough to ask for a mate transfer. If you don’t find your mate, you can start touring packs. I nudged her. “You can start at Hanna’s pack, or Wendys.” stood and turned back to the school. “Now, we can figure it all out, but we have to face the music right now.”
Toya trotted next to me. “Are you worried?”
I rubbed my side down hers, calming myself as much as her “A little. I don’t know where you are going to end up Lynn has been quiet and I’m worried about her mental health. But we have a mission.” She nodded then Hanna and Micca joined us. “But we can’t focus on what could happen. Let’s go.”
###Next D 316
Chapter 316 
+25 BONUS 
We ran to the tower first. I wanted to handle our stuff before we faced the music. But as we ran into the building, I saw that luck was not on our side. Vince, Brandon and Rowan were all waiting for us. I shifted, gesturing, for everyone else to wait, since I was the only one able to retain my clothes.
“Alpha Vince, my King.” I bowed my head a little to both, “Brandon.” I smiled. “What can I do for you?”
“Where have you been?” Vince stepped closer to me, but I just raised my brow.
“Handling something personal. Why?”
“You ran out of graduation.”
I snorted. “Graduation? You mean the ambush that was waiting for me coordinated by the council?” Vince reeled back as if I slapped him. I felt the skin around my eyes tighten. “Did you think I was too stupid to see it for what it was? My father has been dead for almost two years and now they branded him a traitor. I think that’s laughable.”
“Amy.” Rowan started, but I growled. I couldn’t even stop i
I took a deep breath. “Sorry my king.” I watched him flinch at the words. “I didn’t mean for that to happen.” I bowed again and I could see his resolve harden.
Nix sighed. Erubus just warned us. They have to play their role.
I heard a scoff and Verity came from around a corner. Rowan looked at her, and his eyes grew hazy. Then he snarled and whirled on me. “I understand you are angry about what happened yesterday, but you do not get to lash out at me, pup.” His words were icy.
I froze. Did he just call us a pup? My words were whispered to my wolves.
Yes, yes, he did. Nix words were like steel.
He has his reasons. Megan tried to calm us down.
But I was too far gone. “Pup?” I shot him a glare.
He smirked. “Yes. Pup. What ever am I supposed to say when you are supposed to be an adult but you throw tantrums like a child?” She stepped closer to me. “I would really think about your next words.” Rowan shot a glare to Vince. “Alpha Vince here has been taking to me about a position he is going to offer you, but that will only work if your free and not in a dungeon. Isn’t that right, Amy?” He smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“Alpha.” I corrected him.
“What?” He raised an eyebrow.
“It’s Alpha Amy, King Rowan.” I pulled my shoulders back. “Since you want me to follow the rules of old, then I expect you to do the same. I am an Alpha in my own right, and demand the same respect that any other alpha commands.” 
“You don’t run a pack.” Verity snarled.
But I laughed. “Have you even read the old laws? Being a pack alpha isn’t a requirement for our title to be used. The acting monarch had to respect our power. While the king has his own power and rules over the packs, the alphas are the one keeping him in power.”
“Is that a threat?” Rowan’s words were deadly.
I smiled sweetly. “Of course not, my king, just a gentle reminder. And anyway, your fiancee is also just wrong.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 318 
Rowan’s eyes tightened. “What do you mean?”
“I mean that other than the obvious fact that she has zero idea what the old laws say, she said I am not a pack alpha. But I am,”
“No, you’re not.” He tossed out, his face scrunching.
I tilted my head, and U felt my eyes narrow. But then I
“I’m sorry you are confused, my king.”
“Amy.” Brandon grabbed my arm and I watched Rowan grind his teeth. His jaw clenched so hard, one of his teeth must have cracked. I turned to Brandon and I patted his arm “Stop.”
“It’s okay. I’m not doing anything except for standing up for myself.” I turned back to Rowan and Verity. “I’m tired. I have to go home still. And I still need to clear out some stuff here before I can head home, so let’s speed run this.”
“What are you talking about?” Verity glared at me as she moved to grab Rowan’s arm.
I smiled, but even I could feel it was patronizing. I looked at my friends and Toya stepped next to me. “Verity, as the next queen, I implore you to read the laws you are going to uphold.” I sighed. But I grabbed Toya’s arm, mimicking Verity and Rowan. “Toya and I are technically pack alphas.”
“No, you’re not.” Verity snarled, but Rowan really looked at me. And I saw the moment it clicked.
“There it is.” I pointed at his face. “You remembered.”
“Rowan…what is she talking about?” Verity looked up at the king.
“A surviving alpha inherits the packs of their fathers.”
“Bingo.” I smiled. “I’ll even bring you a cookie.
“}
Verity smiled. “But everyone in your packs is dead.”
“What’s your point?” I shook my head with a smile. “I still inherit the accounts, the contracts, the lands, the properties, and the title. And with the title comes what?”
“The respect…and the procedures that the king must follow when speaking with a pack alpha.” Vince came over with a smile.
###Next D 317
Chapter 317 
“What does that mean?” Verity stomped her foot.
“It means” Vince started.
But Rowan interrupted him. “It means that if I want to speak with Alpha Amy, I must contact her and let her know I’ll be visiting beforehand. And that I have to use her title. Also, she will be included in any vote.”
“Toya and I will also attend the alpha conference in a month.” I smiled at Verity.
“But that’s…”
“Only for Alphas.” Toya finished with a toothy grin. She walked over and rubbed her fur against my side.
“While this is nice, catching up, and all, is there a reason your are here?” I looked around and waited. “Alpha Vince? Brandon?”
He smiled, looking down at me. “We are here about the job position in the pack. Brandon told you to think about it. I wanted to come and see if you had.”
I smiled up at him. “Sorry, with everything that happened yesterday…” I trailed off and glared back at Rowan. “I haven’t had a minute to think about it.”
Vince nodded. “Where did you go yesterday?”
I looked out the door. “We went for a run.” I allowed my face to settle into this wistful look. “Yesterday, the council and the King’s fiancee tried to paint my father as a traitor. Shifting the blame from them onto a dead man. And doing it on my graduation day as a way to hold me back is more than telling.”
Verity sighed. But she pulled away from Rowan. “You act like we are targeting you.”
I snorted. “You can act like you’re not, but everyone has seen the truth. Toya specifically.” I grinned as Toya glared at her. I watched as she paled and shot Rowan a look. I saw his eyes tighten, but he pretended not to notice. Toya shot me a look, but I gave her a tiny shake back. Now is not the time to handle her. “King Rowan, is there a reason you are here?” I redirected everyone’s attention.
“I am here to reassign Alpha Toya.” He looked at her. “But Alpha Amy is right, as you inherited your father’s pack, so you have options. You can go into a pack, or decide to rebuild your own.” He sighed. “Alpha Amy also has the ability to rebuild her father’s pack.”
Vince stepped forward, almost in front of me. “Amy has a position in my pack already. She doesn’t need to rebuild.”
I leaned out. “Actually.” I interrupted. “I want to rebuild. But I would like to discuss it with the King.” I looked at Verity. “Alone, with Toya, if that is at all possible.” I smiled
“But the position?” Brand grabbed my arm and I smiled.
“Let me see if my idea is even possible. Then I will let you and Alpha Vince know my decision.” I turned to Rowan and lifted a brow. He nodded once and then turned to the elevators.
Verity glared at me. “What you want to discuss with Rowan, you can discuss with me. I’m your queen.” She followed, but Rowan turned back.
“Verity.” He shook his head. “Stay down here. You know you aren’t allowed up to the penthouses.” He turned to me and nodded toward the doors. “Are you coming?” I nodded. Toya and the others trotted after me to the elevator. He crossed his arms, and I smiled. I pointed to Micca and Hanna.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 317
“Those two have to pack up the rest of their things, and then head back to their packs. Toya has hers and Wendy’s things to pack, but she also needs to be in our conversation as my idea includes her.” He just nodded, then pulled out a key. I lifted a brow.
“It calls the elevator directly to me.”
Toya’s mouth dropped open, her tongue rolled out in surprise, but I just laughed. I turned to Hanna and pointed my finger at her.
Hanna groaned. “Seriously? You can’t just be normal?” She stomped her paw on the ground. “I’ll send you the money when I get back to my phone.” I just nodded, then turned back to the elevator that had just opened.
“Do I even want to know?” Rowan shook his head.
“Wendy asked a long time ago why we never see you heading to or from your place. I said you probably had a code or something that calls the elevator down. Like Sterling had. She thought you had your own private elevator. And Micca thought you ran the stairs, but she didn’t want to join the bet.” I smiled. “I won.”
We all crowded into the elevator. Two full–grown adults, and three wolves. It was a tight fit, but it was only for a minute. I hit the penthouse button and then Micca’s and Hanna’s floor. I sat back against the wall and watched the door slowly close.
Vince’s face was dark. He didn’t like not knowing my decision. Brandon’s face was worried, his eyes focused solely on Rowan. But Verity’s face was pale. She was worried about what exactly I was going to say to Rowan. I let my face drop. Her eyes darted to mine and I let her see exactly what I planned to do.
“Rowan.” She called, but the door shut just as she reached for it.
###Next D 318
Chapter 318
We stayed silent as we ascended. I puffed out my cheeks as Rowan looked at me but the elevator dinged and the girls got out. I walked out with them. “Where are you going?” Rowan grabbed my arm.
“They are shifted…” I looked at him with furrowed brows. They can’t open their door. I’m going to open it for them.” I shook him off. “Keep the elevator open.” I walked to their door and punched in their code, swinging their door opened. “Call me when you get back to your packs.‘ 
They both nodded and went inside. Hanna turned back. “Be careful.” I blew her a kiss and went back to the elevator. I slid in and pressed the top floor again.
Rowan opened his mouth, but I shook my head. He was obviously frustrated at me, but I wasn’t going to talk until I got into my place. The doors opened, and we headed to my door. I unlocked it and the two followed me in. Toya headed straight to my bedroom, looking for something to wear for now, and I went to the kitchen.
“What the fuck is going on?” Rowan snarled and I laughed.
“So much.” I grabbed a couple bottles of water as I sealed the room. “Let’s start with the basics while Toya gets presentable.” I walked out and handed him a bottle. “Erubus?”
He sighed. “Yeah. Nix?” I nodded. I watched him deflate. “I had no idea.”
I lifted my shoulder. “I want to say it was for the best, but lying doesn’t make it easier.” He laughed.
“We are stupid.”
I nodded. “But it probably is for the best.” I saw hurt flash in his eyes. “We both have things we have to work through, and being hung up on each other would get in the way.” I smiled through the pain. My words were cutting through all the anger I had built up this last year.
He nodded. “Verity…”
“Is a witch.” I finished.
He sighed and rubbed his neck. He paced away from me and nodded. “Yeah, she is really awful.”
“No.” I started to laugh. “She is like me. She has powers.” He whirled to face me, but Toya walked out and snarled.
“Yes, she fucking does.” Toya stomped to the sofa and dropped.
“What do you mean?” Rowan walked to the love seat, leaving my chair open for me.
“She played around in my mind.” Toya snarled again. She was still pissed. “She bumped into me at graduation.‘ Toya wiggled her finger. “Then she latched onto me and wormed her way in. Whispering bullshit about Amy and eating away at our bond until I attacked her.”
Rowan looked at me as I settled in my chair. I waved his concern off. “I fought her off. But the truth came to light. Verity is related to Aurora and Amara.” He looked confused. “Aurora, the one I tortured.”
“The one that tried to take over your father’s pack.”
“The one and the same. The twins are Verity’s younger sisters.” Rowan’s eyebrows shot up. “It’s a long story, but that isn’t why I wanted to talk to you. She isn’t stupid. And she is most definitely using magic against you.”
Rowan nodded. “I haven’t been myself in a long time.” He sighed. “But I have a way to remind myself.” It was my turn to be confused. He just waved me off. “The rebuilding?”
I nodded. “We all know everyone is still alive.” He nodded. But I need to come and go as I need. So I want to
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 316
pretend to rebuild. As will Toya. But in truth, Toya and Welly will help me watch Carly, and I will have more freedom to move.”
“I doubt Vince will like it,”
“Probably not, but I think I have a solution. I take the position, and ‘stay‘ on pack lands. But I say that you are deciding if I am allowed to move to my father’s pack lands,
“IfI allow it?” He snorted. “We both know I can’t make you do anything you don’t want to.”
I laughed. “True, but no one else knows that. You can say you need to determine if it is safe for a new pack to grow on my father’s lands with the threat of the rouges still in that area.”
He thought about it. Then nodded. “I can do that. Plus, it will give Vince some hope that Brandon will have time to win you over.” I winked and pointed at him. “You won’t, right?”
I shook my head. “Not a chance.” Then I stood. “One last thing.”
Rowan looked at me. “What is it?”
“You can’t tell anyone about what we talked about.” I grimaced.
He nodded. “Do it.” He closed his eyes as I walked over.
placed my finger on his head and sent my intention through his mind. This conversation, our plan, will remain hidden from any outside source. “Lata sur ben shi na.” The magic whipped his hair around, and for a fleeting moment, I wished I could run my fingers through it.
###Next D 319
Chapter 319 
I stepped back. My fingers aching, but my resolve hardening by the minute. Rowan stood, looking back toward the door. “How are you going to play this?”
I thought about it for a minute. “I’m going to play the fence” He just tilted his head. “I’m going to act like I want to rebuild, but that you are refusing me. You won’t allow anyone to the pack lands because of rogues, so I have to figure out another choice, another path until you allow me back onto my pack lands.”
“Why?”
“Because it will do two things. Give Vince some security that I hate you. He won’t trust me if we are close still. And I need him to trust me enough to allow me close.”
Rowan nodded. “It’s one reason your father, and I created space.” I nodded. I figured it was a part of the truth, but it didn’t hurt any less. “The second thing?”
“It will give him something he secretly wants.” I stretched my back out.
“What’s that?”
“A way to get more power without giving any up.” I twisted my back until it popped. “If he thinks he can control me via Brandon, then that is what he will do. But if we are honest, Vince doesn’t want to step down for Brandon. He will, because in reality he will still be in charge, but he doesn’t want to. Brandon is an idiot. And if Vince has to pretend to follow his lead, it will chip away at him. But if Brandon could say, become alpha of another pack…”
“Then Vince can stay alpha of Oakenfang.” Rowan finished slowly. His eyes snapped to mine. “That’s…”
“That’s fucking insane.” Toya finished, her voice held a dawning horror. “But that would hook Vince faster than anything else.” I nodded because she was right. “If Vince could control two packs, and have your money at his fingertips, he would be very happy.”
I nodded. “That’s exactly what I’m going to dangle in front of him.”
Rowan rubbed his jaw. “You have to be smart about it.” I wanted to roll my eye, but he continued. “And I know you will be. But maybe…”
“Maybe what?” I took a drink.
Rowan waved his hands. “Vince doesn’t know how well off your father’s pack was.” Rowan was working through an idea, and Toya and I just smiled.
“No, he doesn’t.” I added.
“He still doesn’t trust you.” Rowan shot me a look, and I shook my head.
“He won’t, not fully.” I shook my head.
“But if he thinks he can control you…” I pointed at him and nodded. “That’s your aim.”
I nodded again. “Brandon was rejected by his mate, but he hasn’t really made it known.”
“How do you know?” Rowan interrupted me.
I shot a look at Toya. She nodded. “Well, I know for a few reasons. First, Brandon told me yesterday when he asked me to give him a shot.” Toya snorted.
Then she pointed at me. “Don’t let her fool you. She’s the one that rejected him.” She cackled, and I smiled.
“Brandon is your mate?” Rowan’s voice was soft.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 3191
I smiled, and I could feel how viscous it was. “Not anymore He was never going to be my mate, not after everything.”
Rowan furrowed his brow. “What do you mean?”
I tilted my head. Something was off. “I’ll explain it after everything is saaid and done.“1
He looked at me with wounded eyes. “You don’t trust me.”
I sighed. “It’s not that I don’t trust you. It’s just that…” I trailed off, looking at Toya for some help. Then I turned to him, biting my lips, trying to pick my words.
Toya sighed as she stood. “It’s exactly that she doesn’t trust you.” I snapped my head to Toya, but she was staring at Rowan. “And you can’t blame her.”
“What?” Rowan looked confused.
“Toya.” I hissed.
“No. It’s about fucking time I said something.”
“Watch your tone,” Rowan growled.
Toya snarled. “No. You came into Amy’s life and made yourself important. You were both nauseatingly, glaringly in love with each other. But I respected you because you wanted to make sure your wolves were happy. But then Amy went into heat and you left her to burn,” Toya snarled. “And I hated you for it. Despite that, I respected the love you had for your wolf.” Toya stepped closer, her voice dropping low. “But then you fucking disappeared. You ripped out her heart, and you fucking ghosted her. And I was the one to pick up her pieces. You sent random gifts, sure, but did that do anything? Absolutely not.”
“That’s not fair. We have a plan.”
She scoffed. “Your fucking plan. Not her plan, not ours. You and her father made the plan, but you cut her off. You were supposed to help her learn to hack, but she found someone else for that. You turned your back. You left. And now you’re back and you have a fiancee?”
###Next D 320
Chapter 320 
Rowan snarled, but Toya wasn’t done. “You and her father created this pit of a plan because you’re older, you know better. But you miscalculated.”
“We are older, and we do know better.” He countered. “So please, tell me, how did we miscalculate?”
Toya narrowed her eyes. “You held back because your wolf was infatuated with another, but my bet is that Erubus wanted Nix. You had Amy, and he could have had Nix and you whiffed it.” Toya snarled. “You held yourself back from the one person you truly wanted because of a wolf who was the same person. If you had less restraint, you and Amy could have been mated by now.” His face fell, and he shot me a look. “Now you’re mated to a bitch who is controlling you, and Amy…” Toya looked at me. “Amy deserves better. She deserves someone who will choose her…every time.”
“That’s enough.” I whispered, but both turned to me. “Rowan, I think it’s time for you to leave. Your fiancee is probably waiting for you.” I turned to Toya and just shook my head. “I’m going to pack the rest of my stuff.”
“Amy…” Rowan grabbed for my hand, but I stepped back.
“When you go downstairs, can you act arrogantly? I really need this to work.” I nodded to him once and turned
away.
Toya scoffed. “He doesn’t have to act.” I heard her walk to the door. “My king.” She opened the door and stood there. I could feel Rowan’s eyes on my back as I turned into my room. I went to my bags and pulled them to the door. I would stay back here until I was sure he was gone. “My King?” Toya called again, only this time it was a little more forceful.
There were footsteps down the hall and I walked into my bathroom as my bedroom dorr swung open. “Amy?” Rowan was panting, eyes wild.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. “Yes?” I turned to see him filling the doorway..
“I know I have no right to ask this of you.” He took a step closer to me. “But please…don’t make any lasting decisions until this is all over.”
I looked at him. “Rowan, please just go back to your fiancee”
“I don’t give a fuck about her. Just promise me.” He stared at me with eyes full of something I couldn’t decipher. “Fine.” I turned back to my shower, pulling my toiletries. “Now go.”
I heard him inhale, and then he was gone. The front door slammed and then Toya was in the doorway. “He’s gone.” I nodded. “Are you okay?” Her words were soft, and I laughed, but the tears came too.
“I’m stupid.“, I swatted at the tears that were betraying me.
Toya walked closer and wrapped me in her arms. “Absolutely not.” She patted my back as I tried to pull back the
tears.
I pulled back and laughed. “All he does is hurt me.” I smacked my head. “And I still cry over him.” My hand rubbed my chest. “I am stupid.”
“Honestly, this is better than what you have been doing this last year.” Toya wiped my tears. “I’d rather you facing your emotions than bottling them up and pretending you don’t feel them.” She smiled, and she pressed her forehead against mine. “This is the real you.” She pulled back and stared into my eyes. “What you were before. The cold, calculating woman, while she was a badass, she was also fake.”
I pulled bag and wiped my face on my shirt. “I thought I was pulling it off.” I chuckled.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 320
She joined me. “You did, and the rest of us played along. But we were just waiting.“,
“Waiting?”
She ran her hand down my hair. “For you to break.” She tugged at the ends. “You held on for longer then I thought you would. But you can’t keep running from this…from him” She sighed. “You both need to face each other. And you both need to be honest with each other and yourselves.
“He is engaged.” I started, and she scoffed.
“Its obvious it’s a part of your father’s plan. I like him, but the man is stupid. Both of them.” She shook her head, sending her braids flying.
“Do you really hate him?” I pushed out of her arms and settled against the counter.
Toya sighed. “Not really. I hate how he treats you. I hate how their plans leave you like this. But I don’t hate him, not really.” She leaned against the wall across from me. “I want to hate him because of what he’s done to you. But
>> 
“He’s our king.” I finished.
She shook her head. “If it was just that, I would hate him. There aren’t really many monarchs that are liked in history. But he’s honestly a nice guy, and he’s smart. He’s just.” She trailed off.
“Stupid.” she blurted out.
“Stupid.” I sighed and froze. Then we burst out laughing.
乾户 
###Next D 321
Chapter 321 
+25 BONUS 
Once we were finished with my place, and we piled the rest of my bags outside the door, we went to Toya. We bagged everything that was left up and found the bag left by Wendy’s mom with a sweet note. I tucked it into my backpack. Once we piled everything inside their door.
“That’s everything.” Toya sighed. “I’m going to miss this place.” I nodded.
“On to better things.” I nudged her. “Let’s get the cart for all this bullshit. We have to hit my house before we figure out how the heck we are going to get all of this to the cabin.” I looked around, and I honestly had no fricken idea how we were going to do this.
Toya patted my back. “Thankfully, you have a truck.” I grunted as we closed the door behind us and headed down.
I was surprised to see Brandon and Vince waiting for us when we stepped off the elevator. I looked at Toya, but she gave me a tiny shake. She was confused, too. “Alpha Vince. I smiled as I walked closer to the desk. “Brandon.” I gave him a tight nod as I turned to Sterling. “Sterling?”
“Amy. What can I do for you?” He stood from his seat, where he had been staring at the two men.
“I was hoping I could bug you for the cart. We have a lot of stuff to bring down.”
Sterling was out from behind the desk in an instant. I turned to follow him, but he waved me off. “I can grab your stuff.” He pointed a look at Vince. “You guys have things to discuss.”
“Sterling, my bags are inside the door. Amy’s is just in the hallway.” Toya followed behind him for a minute, looking back. “Actually, I’ll come up with you.” She winked at me as they stepped into the elevator.
I mouthed fuck you to her as the door closed them turned to full face Vince and Brandon. “I didn’t expect you to wait for us to pack. I would have been faster if I knew.” 1
Brandon stepped closer. “I was waiting to help you with your stuff.” He smiled and stepped closer. I looked at the man, my ex mate in front of me, and I was wondering if Megan ever felt any regrets rejecting him.
Absolutely not. She was looking at him through my eyes. He’s handsome enough, but inside he’s weak. He’s a puppet. And he killed my pup because he was too stupid to realize he was being tricked. She chuffed and flicked her tail as she turned away.
We have come too far to regret this man. Or any man.
I laughed in my mind. Rowan.
Is obviously an exception to our extreme control. Nix rolled her eyes as she laid down, going back to ignoring me.
I jolted back to reality when Brandon grabbed my hand and had to fight not to pull away. I looked at him and I guess I looked confused. “I asked if you wanted to grab dinner with me later?”
“Not tonight.” I watched his face fall. So I gave his hand a squeeze. “I’m sorry, but I promised my mother we would have dinner. Plus, after yesterday, she probably has some things to yell at me for.” I smiled, looking down at the ground as I squeezed his hand. I hoped it made him think I was flirting with him. Nix and Megan both snorted, but I had to pull him in.
He grinned down at me. But Vince furrowed his brow. “Why would she yell at you?”
I sighed. “Because I got upset at what they were saying about my father.” I shook my head, allowing my fingers to Yelax, forcing Brandon to tighten. his grip on my hand to keep the connection. “I know he’s been dead for two years, and that he betrayed her when I was a child, but I still loved him. And he set me up for my future.” I pulled my eyes up and looked at Brandon. “And my future children’s future.”
1/2
425 BONUS
Chapter 321
Vince nodded. But I saw a flash of greed behind his eyes. “Yes, the king came down and explained you spoke to him at length about rebuilding the Silvermoon pack.”
I nodded and allowed my face to settle into angry lines. Nix flashed my eyes for another bit of flair. Her laughter almost broke me.
I call it razzle dazzle Aim. Nix called back and I nearly lost
“He refused me. Saying it’s unsafe for a single female to rebuild, so I have to figure out something else.”
“Did he give you any conditions?” Vince was think
about something but I needed to give a tiny push.
build would be if the rogues were gone or if I find my
“Not really, just said the only way I would be able to mate.” I rolled my eyes. “Like I know when that is ever going to happen.” 
“A mate?” Brandon perked up, and I felt his hand convulse. “Like a goddess, blessed mate, or a chosen mate?”
I furrowed my brow. “He didn’t specify. Why?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 322
Chapter 322
My question hung in the air for a minute before Brandon led and waved his hands in the air, dropping me in the process “Oh. Ha ha, he reason. I was just wondering”
Haha,
I just nodded. “Anyway, I need to figure everything out.” 1 med to Vince “So I’ll be stuck on parklande for while as I wait it all out.” 1 smile. “If that is still okay with you?” 
Vince, whose brain was running a mile a minute, stared at the blankly for a second before he just added for course. The place and position are yours.”
“Oh, I don’t know about the position. I couldn’t possibly take that away from a wolf knowing I was planning to leave as soon as I’m able. Who knows, maybe I’ll find a mate pretty prickly.”
Vince’s eyes darted to Brandon. “So you intend to head back to your father’s pack lands as soon as you mate!”
I pretended to think about it. “I’m not exactly sure. My father raised me to take after him. And these are years, I focused on that. Rebuilding our pack. I have the resources, the investments, the land, the building are already there. I just need the numbers, and the okay from the king. If that’s the eradication of the rogues of a mate, then that’s exactly what I’ll do.” I bit my lip, looking uncertain. “But…” I trailed off and looked up at him.
Vince’s eyes danced with something I couldn’t pinpoint. “But?”
“But if you don’t mind, I might come and pick your brain. I didn’t get to finish my alpha training”
He nodded. “Maybe you will get lucky and mate another alpha.” I just smiled.
“Is anyone really lucky anymore?” I tossed back and earned a chuckle.
“What is Toya doing?” Vince glanced at the elevator, waiting for Sterling and Toya to come back down. 
“She is going to help me bring my stuff home, then she is heading back to her pack lands.” I looked down. “She is going to rebuild her pack.”
“Wait.” Brandon settled against my side and I had to fight the urge not to pull away. “Why does she get to go back to her pack lands, but you don’t?” He looked at me with innocent eyes, but that question caught Vince’s attention. Because it was one of the few times Brandon ever showed any intelligence.
I huffed out a breath. “Her pack just moved closer to my father’s pack lands. She has two options. She can go back to Africa, where her father’s pack split from her grandfather’s pack. Or her father was gifted a small piece of land when they first moved over. It was an island off the coast around here. The king said it is still hers. She can rebuild there.”
Vince nodded. “It makes sense.” I just nodded.
Brandon opened his mouth, but the elevator dinged and slid open. Sterling came out, pushing the cart full of our bags. “Here ya go Amy.”
“Where is Toya?” I looked behind him.
“I dropped her off downstairs. She said she was going to pull your truck around front.” I furrowed my brow and patted my pockets. My keys were missing.
“That little bitch…” I whispered, and Sterling laughed. My truck pulled up in front of the door and she hopped out. She walked in the door with a smile. I pointed at her. “You bitch.” She tossed her head back and laughed.
“I was wondering when you were going to notice.”
‘I didn’t. Sterling told me.” I pointed at him and Toya laughed again.
Chapter 32
+25 BONUS
“Figures.” She tossed me the keys and then turned to look at Brandon and Vince. “Alpha Vince, I hope you will allow me onto your pack lands so I can help Amy settle. I promise I won’t stay.”
Vince smiled. “Even if you did, it would be fine. I was planning on offering you a position in my pack, anyway. But the king told me you were planning on rebuilding.” Vince offered her a sweet smile.
Toya’s gaze flicked to mine. “I am. He offered me the island back, so I’ll take it.”
Brandon rubbed his fingers over my hand. “Aren’t you afraid of being alone?”
Toya laughed. “No. I have my family back home. I’ve already spoken to my grandfather.”
Brandon nodded, then turned to me. “Do you have any family?” He looked at me with longing.
“Just my mother.”
Vince glanced at me. “You still don’t consider Morgan and Shannon family? Are you really that hard to please?”
I snorted. “No. I had my father. Morgan will never be that. And to be honest, he never even tried. I appreciate that about him.” Nix snarled at his tone, but I let it go. I turned to grab the cart, but Sterling was already pushing past
me.
“I’ll get this loaded for you two.” His smile said it all. He needed to get away from Vince. I nodded, understanding.
+25 BONUS
Chapter 323
Chapter 323 
###Next D 323
Chapter 323 
“Anyway, we will see you back at the pack. I know you said you were busy tonight, and we understand, but I’ll need you at the pack house first thing in the morning.” I smiled and nodded as Vince turned away. “Brandon…let’s go.” Brandon looked at me and I wanted to gag. He was leaning in and I wanted to pull away, but Vince called himn again. Thankfully. “Brandon.”
He jolted back from me, gave a pained smile, then trotted after his father. Toya turned to me with a grimace.” That was…”
“Illuminating.” I nodded to the door. “Let’s head out. We have a lot to do today.” Toya sighed and turned on her heels. We headed out the door to see Sterling loading the last of my bags.
“This is everything.” He nodded to the truck as he swung up the tailgate. Then he turned to us and bowed at the waist.
I grabbed for him, but he held up his hand. “Sterling.” My voice was soft, but he bowed again.
“It has been an absolute pleasure serving you here, Amy.” He stood and then bowed to Toya. “You as well.” He stood back up. “You both have proven to me and my mate that not all alphas are assholes. Not everyone throws their weight around just to feel like they have power, and I know Jora and I appreciate it.” He bowed one final time. “Thank you.”
“Sterling.” I grabbed his hands. “You are my friend. Please stop.” His smile was wide as he pulled me into a hug. “You have become family. Never forget that.” I pulled back and looked up into his face. “Family.” He said again and I smiled back at him.
“I’ll message you when I’m settled and we can set up a dinner.”
“I’d like that.” Then he released me and then headed back inside.
Toya sighed. “I’m happy I got my hug yesterday.”
I laughed. “You can go get one now.”
She shook her head. “He’s a male, and he is emotional. He feels like he is losing a part of his family. And he won’t want to be seen like that.” She headed to the passenger door and hopped into the truck. “Let’s go.”
I hopped into the driver’s seat. Then I sealed the truck. I knew she was going to ask me questions. I pulled away and she pivoted to face me. “So what the fuck is going on?”
I threw back my head and laughed. “What are you talking about?”
“Rowan and Verity.” She tossed out. “You know she is using magic on him, but you haven’t saved him.”
I wiped my face. Right into the deep end. “Rowan is…” I struggled to find the words. “He has spent that last twenty years being surrounded by people who have been working against him. I’m not stupid enough to believe that Verity is the only wolf around him that has powers. If I cut her off, then I alert them I know. I have to play this smart. So does he.”
“You are worried.” She could hear it in my voice.
She
I nodded. “Someone killed his father. Tried to kill ours. And he is the primary target. If we show our cards before we know everything, then it’s over. We need to take our time and wheedle out who is working against us, or else Rowan…”
Toya slammed her back against the seat. “He’s dead.” I nodded. I wasn’t too stupid to believe that they wouldn’t kill him instantly. “Then why did you save me and Micca?”
1/2
Chapter 323
+25 BOWUS
I tapped my fingers against the wheel. “That was a test.”
Her face scrunched up in confusion. “A test?”
“I’ve been thinking about it.” I pointed at her with my lips, while keeping my eyes on the road. “She used more power hiding herself than actually attacking you.” My eyes darted to hers. “She could have had you all turned on me before the battle if she had focused fully on it. We had no idea she was even there. After I cast her out, I tried to find a spell, or whatever that she could have used. The attack she corrupted is almost instant. She just had to get past your defenses.”
“The why didn’t she?” 1
I switched lanes and debated my answer. “Because.” I glanced at her. “That wasn’t her main goal. Not really. She used most of her power to hide who she really was and chipped away at you. Testing our bonds, my abilities, and most importantly. My power.”
Toya chewed at her lip. “She wanted to find out how powerful you were.” She turned to me and I hummed my agreement.
“If she broke our bond, she would have been extremely happy. Two birds, one stone, but it was just about seeing how strong I was. How observant I was. If I would catch the attack before it was too late. She used both her sisters as decoys, thinking I would get past both.”
“But you did,” Toya pointed out.
I nodded. “And now she is being super vigilant. If I so much as glance at Rowan the wrong way, then he’s…” I turned into my driveway and sighed.
“He’s fucked.” Toya finished.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 324
Chapter 324 
+25 BONUS
My mom was out of the house before I even closed the door. She walked straight to me and into my arms. She was vibrating for some reason. Anger was my best guess, and she was trying to calm down.
“Where have you been?” She pulled back and cupped my cheeks.
“I went for a run.” I smiled. “Toya came to help me bring everything else home.” I pointed to her, and she waved from the other side of the trunk.
“Hi.” She walked to the tailgate and pulled it down. “Where should I put this stuff?”
My mother looked between the two of us, and I saw understanding bloom in her eyes. “Let me show you.” She let me go after another squeeze and walked down to grab a few bags. I followed and grabbed the rest of the stuff and closed the tailgate as Toya followed my mother inside. “How are you, dear? Did you do well in your course?”
“I did.” Toya smiled. “I was top of my class. Not as good as Amy.‘
My mother scoffed. “Apples to oranges, my dear. Different courses, different scores.” My mother was always like that. Never comparing between two people. “Everyone is only measured against themselves. Never anyone else because they did not have to go through what you went through.” My mom stopped in front of my door. “Did you do better than you did the semester before?”
Toya thought about it for a second before she nodded. “Yeah, I think I did.” My mom nodded.
“Then be proud.” She peaked over Toya’s shoulder to find me watching them. “Are you going to open the door, babe? Or do you want to move into the hallway?” Toya burst out laughing as I dropped the bags in my hands and walked over, unlocking the door and removing the magic.
“There.” I swung the door inwards and went to grab the bags I left, letting the two in first. I dropped my bags next to my closet as my mother closed the door behind me. I took a deep breath as I looked around my old room.
“Is it weird?” My mom clicked the lock on the door before joining Toya on my bed. “Being back here?”
I looked around the room and was hit with a wave of nostalgia. “A little. I’ve gotten so used to being alone in my own place that being back here with everyone will be an adjustment.”
My mom nodded. “Shannon cried when she came back.”
I lifted my lip. “I’m sure she did.”
Toya scoffed. “She didn’t have the best time at school.”
My mom shifted against the headboard. She pointed at me and then twirled her finger around the room. I smiled as I sealed the sounds inside. No one would overhear what we were speaking about now. “Now, what do you mean Shannon didn’t have the best time?”
“She was in business, so we didn’t really see much of her.” Touya started, so I turned to my closet and put stuff away. “Amy was obviously in the tech building and I was in the teaching wing. But Shannon…” Toya looked to me as I came out.
“Shannon tried the same crap at school that she does here and got put in her place by every ranked wolf in her course. Brandon was the only reason she survived the first year until she learned to stop throwing her non existent status around.” I grabbed another bag and turned back to the closet. I walked past my usual racks and started pacing things in the far back. (1
Toya took back over. “She eventually made friends, but she was upset the Amy had more power than her. She threw a couple tantrums. Amy,” Toya called as I was hanging up the last bit of clothes. 
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 324
“Yeah?” I turned, but something caught my eye.
“Do you remember when Shannon freaked out when the training started?” I laughed as I pushed clothes out of the way. Toya’s voice grew softer, like she was leaning in with a secret. “The king had the teachers implement mandatory training. She was not happy. She stomped over during our session and demanded Amy call the king that minute. She said she was too important to reach him personally and that Amy should do it for her, like she was her secretary.” I stepped deeper into the closet, pushing past the first fack of clothes to my out of season stuff. “Amy did it. She called Rowan. Shannon took the phone from her and started talking, but the king was like, who the fuck is this? It was hilarious.” Toya laughed and my mother joined her.
“Amy, come here.” My mother called for me but I was almost to the back of my closet and the edge that caught my eye. “Amy?” I pushed past the last rack of clothes, and I ended up against the far wall, staring at a random door I didn’t even know was here. “Amy?” My mother’s voice was closer, but there was a drum neat in my ears. 1
This was important, and I didn’t know why. I grabbed the knob and, with a deep breath; I pulled the door open.
###Next D 325
Chapter 325 
The door swung open and there was…nothing.
“What are you doing in there?” My mom came up behind me, standing at the doorway.
“Why is this here?” I spun in a circle, seeing an almost identical room from the cabin.
+25 BONUS 
“It’s for seasonal storage. When we moved in with Morgan and Shannon, this was her closet. This entire room. Morgan wanted to put you in the guest room, but I knew. This was your room. I told him you had to have this room or I would stay with you in the guest room. He cleared it out for you nest day.”
I turned to face her. “I don’t remember that.”
My mom laughed. “I wouldn’t think you would. You were a baby.” She leaned in and kissed my forehead. “So now it’s your turn to answer my question. Why are you in here? I huffed out a breath and pointed towards the room. She turned and headed back to my bed and I left the small hidden door open. I followed and leaned against the door frame. “What’s wrong?”
“Yesterday…” I swallowed. “The call. It was Carly.” My mother gasped, and I nodded. “Carl was fighting off rogues. Before he went out, he told her to call me. Mom.” I walked closer and sat next to her on my bed. I grabbed her trembling hands and squeezed. “When we got there, he was already too far gone. We fought the rest of the rogues and burned their bodies, but Carl. He didn’t make it. My mother covered her face and started to cry. “I’m sorry.”
My mother dropped her hands and sniffled. “It’s not your fault, baby. We knew this day would come. He was just a close friend.” She wiped her tear–streaked face. “How’s Carly?”
I blew out a breath. “As good as can be expected. I buried him under a tree so she can go see him every day. And I promised to bring him back for her big moments.”
“He had been preparing for last night.” Toya picked at my blanket. “He had clothes for all of us. We each had a room. Letters. It was impressive.”
My mom laughed through her tears. “He was an impressive man, through and through. He was very prepared. He said being prepared for everything made his gift a lot easier to process.” I nodded.
I looked back to the closet and the door there, and it reminded me of the letter Carl had left me tapped on the door. I brought it to the apartment and stuffed it into my bag after I shifted back. I stood and walked to the bag that held my laptop and pulled it out.
“What’s that?” Toya leaned closer as I sat back down.
“A letter from Carl. He had it taped inside the door in my closet at the cabin.”
“The door?” My mom asked, and I pointed to the door in the closet.
“He built a room like that. It’s…”
“Weird.” Toya finished.
“Confusing.” I countered. She smiled at me but shook her head. I opened the letter to see his scrawling hand writing.
“What does it say?” My mother looked over my shoulder, but I pulled back as I got up. I handed it to her as I made my way back to my bag and grabbed my Book of Shadows.
“You need the rock?” Toya’s eyebrows rose.
*****25 BONUS
Chapter 825
The rock?” My mother looked over at me from the letter and furrowed her brow.
“It’s my Book of Shadows.” 
“Her magic book. It’s concealed as a rock.” Toya waved her hand and I laughed. “Look, it’s weird as fuck seeing you read a rock, even knowing what it is.” Toya leaned back against the headboard. “It doesn’t change from a rock to a book unless you hold it.” Toya finished.
My mom turned back to the letter as I started flipping through the pages, looking for what I needed. My mom gasped, and I just nodded. “Clever man.” My mom whispered, and Toya pushed off the headboard and crawled over the bed to us. She started reading the letter over my mother’s shoulder.
“What?” Toya’s eyes darted over the letter and then snapped up to the doorway. “You have got to be kidding…you can do that?”
I looked up from my book to see them both staring at me expectantly. “I don’t know.” Toya pointed at the book in my hands and then back to my face.
“Well, hurry, man.” She jumped up. “That would be so fricken helpful.” She looked around the bags, hers and mine. “We could bring everything in seconds.” She spun back to me. “What do we need to get?”
I looked back to the book. “I don’t know yet. I haven’t found it.”
Toya sighed as she laid back down on my bed. “I-” There was a knock on the door and all of us turned towards it.
###Next D 326
Chapter 326 
I hid my book under my blankets before I made my way to the door. I reached for the doorknob as another knock sounded at my door. I opened it to find myself face to face with Shannon. She looked thinner. “Shannon?”
“Amy!” She smiled wide, and she pushed my door wider, exposing my mother and Toya. “I haven’t seen you in forever.” She stepped in and instantly my back was up.
Toya scoffed. “Who the fuck is that?” She whisper yelled and leaned closer to my mother. “That isn’t the same Shannon I met.”
I watched Shannon’s eye twitch before she smiled wider. She leaned around me. “I know I was a bit of a bitch at school.”
“A bit?” Toya interrupted, but Shannon pushed on.
“Okay, a lot,” she raised her hands. “But I can say that I was stupid. I went from being important to being at the bottom of the totem pole. It’s a hard change to take in, and our first year was a rough one for me. But,” she looked at my face. “I grew from it. I came here to apologize to you
I watched her skeptically. She was trying to do something, and she thought I was too stupid to realize it.” Apologize?”
She nodded. “I have always treated you like trash. Regardless of rank, which I know you outrank all of us, but as a person, I treated you horribly.” She looked at my mother. “You have always treated me kindly, like a daughter, and you used to treat me like your sister.” She looked down at the ground and sighed. “I was stupid. I thought I needed to compete with you because you were always…better.”
“Shannon.” My mother chastised her, and I looked back at her. She caught my eye and when Shannon was still staring at the ground, she shook her head quickly. She was telling me not to believe her. It was too convenient, too practised. “You should know you don’t have to compete with anyone. Your father and I love you for you.” Her words were soft. She stood and made her way to the door. Toya laid across the bed, positioning herself right on top of my book. Even now, she wasn’t leaving anything up to chance.
I caught her eye and smiled. She winked back at me. Shannon sighed and looked back up. I turned back to her to see an unknown emotion flash in her eyes. “I know that now, but Amy…you have always been so perfect. Strong, fierce, and perfect.” Shannon wiped a tear that magically fell. “I was jealous, and I allowed it to take over and ruin our relationship.”
I nodded as if I agreed. But I knew she was just trying to get close. The question was why. “It’s okay.” I heard myself answer before I even thought about it. But then I turned back to the room, and my mom stepped in close. She hugged Shannon.
“It’s okay.” She whispered as she rubbed the tear from Shannon’s cheek.
“No, it’s not okay.” She pulled back and smiled softly. “I really miss you.” She leaned her head against my mother’s shoulder.
My mom closed her eyes. This probably hurt more than she was willing to say. My mom always wanted a big family, and when she first got here, Shannon was a substitute daughter. Even when she was treating her like trash, my mother still loved her in her way. It was almost as if Shannon took over the spot of the pup she lost when my father pretended to cheat.
I watched my mother’s face cycle through so many emotions. I could see a flash of longing. She wished that this feeling was real. There was anger and pain in there, too. Her face settled on something close to acceptance, but her eyes, her eyes, were empty. “I missed you too, baby girl” She kissed her forehead and met my gaze. She allowed me to see the truth. Her eyes were full of fresh anger, then flashed to her wolfs eyes, but then they
1/2
Chapter 326
emptied again as Shannon pulled away.
Shannon smiled at my mom and turned to face me. “I know you probably don’t believe me, but I am hoping you will give me a chance to prove to you that what I am sayings the truth,” 
I smiled at her. “I mean, it is hard to believe.” I sighed as 1 bbed my face..
“Amy.” My mother admonished me and I had to fight to keep the smile from my face.
“Fine.” I shook my head. “If only for my mom’s peace. I will be willing to work on our relationship.” 
Shannon smiled through her tears. “Thank you.” She turned to my mom and kissed her cheek. “Dad wanted me to
”
Before she could go any further, my mom cut in. “Shan, please.” My mom turned to face her. “Your father and my relationship isn’t something for you to fix.” She kissed her forehead. “Let’s head down. I’ll make lunch for everyone and Amy can unpack the rest of her stuff.” Shannon flicked her eyes to me, nodded and then they both left.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 327
Chapter 327
Chapter 327 
I shut the door after them, and the room resealed. Toya walled for a second before she burst out laughing, “Is she for real?”
I walked back to my bed and pulled out the book, then sat down. “I don’t honestly know. She thinks she is smarter than everyone in the room, and I will say, last time she had me fooled.” I sighed.
“How?” Toya rolled to face me, sinking further into the bed.
“I want to say I was stupid, but in reality…I just never fought back.”
Toya looked surprised. “What do you mean?”
1 
I thought back to my first life. “I was an alpha that couldn’t shift. I wasn’t embarrassed, per se, more that I wanted to stay under the radar. I didn’t want Brandon to decide I wasn’t worthy to be the luna of the pack.”
Toya shook her head and then settled her temple on her fist resting on her elbow. “I want to say he wouldn’t, but I know what he did to you. And I’ve met the man.” I scoffed at that. “He’s head over heels for you now, but he would turn on you so fast if it gave him a better chance at something.” Toya rolled her eyes. “The man has the conviction of a snake.”
I laughed. “What does that even mean?”
She leveled her eyes at me. “You know humans keep pet snakes. And for a while, the snake might be nice, allow them to hold it, and be gentle. But the entire time, they are looking for a way out. They can turn on you in an instant. They will attack if they want, and depending on the snake, it might just kill you. That’s Brandon. He will pretend to like you. He might even love you in his way. But if there is ever someone or something that came along that he could use to become stronger, or richer, he would toss you aside.”
I nodded. “That’s exactly who he is.” I opened the book in my hands. “I want to say Vince taught him well, but in truth, Vince makes his own opportunities. He doesn’t wait for them to come to him. Brandon is…”
“A parasite.” Toya finished.
“Exactly.” She laughed. “What? Why are you laughing?”
She pointed to my door. “Looks like you now have two parasites.”
I felt my face settle, and I allowed the hurt and anger to show through my eyes. “I always had two parasites. But by the time I’m finished, they will either be dead or two broken to make much of a difference.”
Toya watched me for a minute and then she nodded. “Good.” She rolled back onto her back. “We will avenge your pup, then we will fix the rot in our kingdom.” I nodded, then turned back to the book.
I needed to find what Carl was talking about.
I flipped through the book, page after page, looking for anything that would do what he said. I groaned as I finished the book again. “I can’t find it.” Toya grabbed for the letter. “It’s not in there.”
“Just give me a second.” She opened the letter and read out loud. “Amy. I know you are confused about this room, but I made it specifically for you. You have a spell you can use in that rock of yours. You just have to modify it, shift it and repurpose it.” Toya paused. She put down the letter and looked at me. “There is nothing?”
I shook my head. “Nothing that I could think of.” I handed her the book, and she gasped. “What?”
She looked up. “It’s always so surprising watching it shift from a rock to a book.” She smirked as she flipped through the pages. “He said it’s a spell that you would have to change, so it’s obviously for something else.” She kept flipping through the book.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 327
I chewed on my lip. “A spell that what?”
Toya scrunched her face up. “I don’t now. It’s to help us get there, right?”
I closed my eyes and laid back on the bed. “A spell to help us connect to the cabin?”
Nix paced inside of my mind. We need more information.
Megan trotted over and sat. I don’t think we do. Your grandmother was a good witch, but she obviously left certain things out just in case someone stole her book.
I pursed my lips. So you think it’s a spell my grandmother new?
Megan scoffed. Are you forgetting the underground passage from the gazebo to the cabin? A hallway that
stretched a few hundred feet, but actually stretched across the country.
Her words bounced around in my mind. The passage from the gazebo on pack lands to the cave, under the cabin. A connection. A bridge. I shot up. “Holy shit.”
Toya jolted. “You thought of something.” I nodded. “Did you figure it out?”
###Next D 328
Chapter 328
Chapter 328
I held up my hand and closed my eyes again. “I don’t know I pictured what I would need to make this work. I felt a soft push, and the book was back into my hands, opened to a page. I looked down and froze. “What’s this?”
“Your book?” Toya sounded confused.
“No, the page.” I pointed to it, but Toya shrugged.
“That’s the page I was on when you jumped up.” She looked down at the book and laughed. “It’s a rock again, so I can’t see the page I was on.”
“It’s on a spell.” I whispered, staring at it.
Toya groaned and hit my shoulder. “Every page is a spell, Aim.” She shook her head. “What spell?”
“A simple recall spell.” I looked up at her, then back down to the page.
Toya nodded. “I’m nodding like I know what that means.” She looked back at me. “What does that do?”
“It brings a small item to you. Say you forgot your phone, you can recall it to you. Voila, you have your phone.”
“How the heck is that supposed to help us?” Toya shuffled closer and grabbed the edge of the book. I looked at her.
“Does that work?”
She nodded. “Yeah, as long as I have one hand on the book, it’s a book.” She looked over the page. “I still don’t understand how it can help us.”
“See here.” I pointed out a note, written in small handwriting in the margin. “It states that this spell opens a pathway. A pathway big enough to reach the you are looking to recall.”
“So like a wormhole?” Toya looked back at me with a raised eyebrow.
“I never should have showed you that sci–fi show.” I shook my head. “But yes, like a wormhole.” I stared down at the page and willed it to tell me how to do it. I chewed on my lip.
“Can you make it bigger?” Toya looked at the page.
“I don’t know.” I stared at what I would need. The runes I would have to carve. And I decided. “I need to talk to my mom and Wendy.”
“Wendy?”
I nodded. “I need these runes carved into the door frame.” I pointed at the four runes. “One on each side. Here and there.” I pointed to the door in my closet.
“Do you think this will work?”
“I don’t actually know.” I stood. “But there is only one thing to do.”
Toya looked at me with a serious look. “This isn’t something you wing, Amy.”
I shrugged. “Most of the magic I do is me winging it.” I tucked the book under the covers and headed for the door. “Come on. Let’s check to see if lunch is done, and if my mom has everything we need to even attempt this spell.”
Toya got up from the bed and followed me down the stairs. Shannon was sitting at the table with a calculating look on her face as Morgan read a report. My mother was banging around in the kitchen and there was a thin woman sitting with her back to me as I came in. I stopped dead as her scent hit me. Toya bumped into my back. ” Amy?” Her confused words hit my ears, but my wolves were howling in pain. I could barely hear her over them.
1/2
Chapter 338
+25 BONUS
A snarl worked its way out of my throat before I could stop. Morgan and Shannon paled as the thin woman shook. I stomped the rest of the way into the room, a savage growl ripping the room as the fragile woman faced me. “What the fuck is going on here?” My words boomed. Morgan shook once before steading his hands..
“Amy?” My mother came around the corner and she saw my face. Her face snapped to the bone thin woman, and I watched as something akin to hope flashed on her face. “OH”
“I asked a fucking question. What the fuck is going on here? In a flash, I was next to the woman, and the saltiness of her tears hit me first. I spun her around and my mouth dropped open. Her face was hallow, eyes sunken in. Her cheeks were concaved, and her once full mouth was chapped and thin. I grabbed her as gently as I could. “Why?”
“She…we all were commanded to keep silent about it. She has been commanded not to speak at all.” My mother walked closer to me. “Amy-”
Another growl ripped through the room and everyone was silent except for my ragged breathing. “Who did this?” My eyes snapped to Morgan, and he refused to meet my eyes. Nix pushed past me and fur rippled down my arms. Beta Morgan. I asked you a fucking question. Who did this? My command ripped through him and he screamed.
“Amy!” Shannon cried, but I held up my hand.
“I’m waiting.” I snarled.
He really tried to fight the command, but I was too strong. He bit through his lip, trying to stop the answer, but his wolf folded. His ragged voice finally ripped through the room. “Alpha Vince.”
I turned back to the woman in my arms. “I’ll fix this Lynn.” Then I ran out of the house.
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 329
Chapter 329 
I ran through the town. My vision had narrowed down to right in front of me. People called, but I ignored them. Nix and Megan were both standing at the barrier. Nix had receded enough for me to take control. But they were pressed against the edge of my mind, hackles raised, teeth bared.
Lynn was ours. We brought her here. Nix snarled, and I nodded.
How dare they do this to her? Megan snapped her jaws.
I rounded the corner and the pack house loomed at the end of the drive. I sprinted up the driveway and slammed into the door. The growl I released ripped through the house and everyone froze. The omegas all dropped to their knees and a few doors slammed open upstairs.
I panted in the doorway, then I drew in a breath as footsteps started down the stairs. I screamed at the top of my lungs with all the anger in my body. I felt my hands shift into my claws, my fangs descended, and my eyes shifted. “Where the fuck is Derek?”
Brandon came running down the stairs and slid to a stop when he saw me. “Amy…”
“Bring me Derek.” I screamed. He flinched at the venom in my voice.
“Amy.” He looked around, and I could see the tremble in his hands. I watched as his eyes glazed over, and soon Alpha Vince was coming down the stairs.
I snarled again at his smug face. I pointed at Brandon. “The only reason I am not mad at you is because you were at school. If I had any fucking idea you were involved in this, I wouldn’t fucking look at you again.” 
“Amy.” Vince started, but I let out another bloodcurdling growl. He raised his hands, and I watched the color drain out of his face when he realized how close to the edge I was. “Come to my office.”
I snapped my teeth at him. “You fucking dare try to appease me? You were a part of this sadistic fucking game. I call for a Cath Báis. I want Derek’s head.”
Vince’s mouth dropped open. “You can’t…” But he saw how serious I was.
“He’s supposed to be my beta.” Brandon looked genuinely confused.
I snarled again. “Find a fucking new one.” I spun in a circle, pulling in every scent in this house. “Bring me fucking Beta Derek, or I will fucking tear this place to the fucking foundation. Now.” I screamed again, causing the omegas to tremble.
“Please Amy.” Vince walked closer to me.
“You commanded her silence.” I whirled on him. “She was mine to protect. Mine. She was from my father’s pack, only here to find her mate. But instead you kept her here. Allowing your future beta to torture her, and you commanded her fucking silence.” I felt my teeth elongate.
Nix, pull back. If you push any farther, you might force a shift. I sent her back calming vibes. She pulled back, but started to pace. But she turned and pushed her voice through my lips.
“Bring me the beta pup, or I will find him and my judgement will be worse.” Vince shivered at Nix’s voice. But he rallied.
“Nix, I understand, but we saved her keeping her here.” I laughed, but it was filled with venom.
“You can try to pretend you did this for her. But I am not blind, nor stupid. You kept her from speaking.” I stepped towards him. “How long?”
1/2
He looked stupid, fumbling with his words. “What do you trean?” 
$25 BONUS
How fucking long Vince?” My words dropped to a whisper “I am holding on to Nix by the tiniest thread here. You kept my wolf here, and your beta tortured her. And the you commanded her silence so that she couldn’t tell 
He tried to work up a smile. “I saved her from being killed by rouges.
“You think what you are doing to her is any fucking better? My eyes glowed so brightly I could see the light bouncing off the side of my nose. 
“I thought I had time to figure it all out.” His words were whispered.
“You miscalculated.” I snapped.
“Amy.” Brandon came to my side and I saw the look that Vince flashed to him. These fucking men were dumber than I thought. Vince was begging him to lie. Pretend to not be involved. Calm her down. Vince could have screamed it. That’s how transparent he was with his veiled look. “I didn’t know.” His words were soft, trembling, begging me to believe him. I felt his fingers slip into mine and I nearly snarled again. But I held back.
He’s trying to convince you, let him. Megan’s words were deadly. She had a plan forming in her mind. I’ll tell you later, But allow the two of them to calm you down. Agree to allow Derek to live as long as he accepts the rejection and Vince removes the command from Lynn.
Megan. I snarled.
But she shook her head. Lynn deserves his head, but she deserves to be the one to kill him.
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 330
###Next D 330
Chapter 330
Her words stopped me. Are you sure? I will kill him now and save her the trouble,
She found him balls deep in your sister. She rejected him, that he refused the rejection. He then used their bond to torture her for over a year. And Vince here commanded her silence. Megan’s eyes glowed. Yes. Yes, I am sure she will want to kill him herself.
I turned back to Brandon. His hand squeezed mine. “I didn know.” He leaned in closer. “But I will help you get justice.” I saw Vince give a tiny nod out of the corner of my eye, and I nearly snarled.
“Promise me.” My words were stiff.
“Come to my father’s office and I swear it. I will help you.”
I turned back to Vince and snarled. “The only reason I am not killing everyone in this fucking house is because your son is my friend.” Vince nodded. Then he turned on his heel and went back up the stairs, stiffly.
Brandon smiled. “I’m your friend?” His words were soft as his thumb rubbed the side of my hand. “Just a friend?” He lifted his hope filled eyes to me.
“Don’t push me right now, Brandon. Your father and friend tortured my wolf for the last year behind my back.” My voice softened a little, and he winced.
“I automatically want to say maybe she deserved it.” I snarled, but he raised his hand. “But I won’t. When I was rejected, I thought about not accepting it, but I didn’t know who she was, and there was no way to win her over.”
“But Derek didn’t keep the bond active to win her back. He did it to torture her.” I turned to face him. “You haven’t seen her, but when I left her here, she was like me. Full of life, and a trained warrior. But now…” I left my words trail off and tears well up into my eyes. “Now she is skin and bones. Her eyes are dead. Her cheeks are
“She sunken in.” I dropped my eyes and allowed a tear to fall. He wiped it off as I looked up and met his eyes. looks like a corpse, a walking corpse, like from the human zombie movie asked
you
me to go watch.” 
He grimaced. “Is it that bad?” I just nodded.
“She is a shell of who she was.” I slid my hand out of his. “Now keep your promise.” I turned and started up the stairs. I pulled the wall between me and my wolves thicker, so that they would have to fight harder to get through.
That isn’t necessary. Megan tilted her head at me.
I fought a smile as I turned myself at Nix, who was still foaming at the mouth. She took all of our rage so that we could play this correctly. But she was struggling. I pointed to Nix, and Megan paused. It’s necessary because of her.
Megan nodded. Proceed.
I nearly laughed as I made it the rest of the way up the stairs, pausing at the door at the double door I knew to be the alpha’s office. I pulled back some of my anger and shifted my eyes and teeth. Then I pounded on the door.
I heard a sigh from within. “Come in Amy.”
I pushed the door open, and I dove for the man in front of the desk. Brandon had to catch me as my claws nearly took off his face. “What the fuck?” Derek fell back off his chair as I snarled again.
“I demand a Cath Báis.” I scream as I swung again. But Brandon pulled me back.
“Is she fucking serious?” Derek stood and dusted off his shirt. He looked from me to Vince, and he laughed. Actually fucking laughed. I watched Vince palm his face as lunged again. Brandon had to fight against my strength, and I was barely fighting to get to Derek.
1/2.
07/26 BONUS
He is a weak male Nix snarled and then she pushed forward enough to speak to the men. 
This beta pup is dumber than I originally thought.” She turned to him, eyes burning bright gold. “Do you even know what a Cath Bars is?”
He snarled weakly at me. “Did you call me a pup?” He stepped closer, and I smilled. Vince paled as he stood and grabbed for Derek. “I’ll fucking kill you.”
I laughed. “Good.” I snarled as I pulled harder. “Show me what you can do, pup.” 
Derek screamed and tried to lung, but Vince held him back. te released his weak power as he screamed at me. “I am the future beta of this pack. You are just another whore hat Brandon is using. Shut your fucking mouth and drop to your knees.” I felt his command in his words. Brandon snarled, and Vince slapped Derek across the face. 1 But his words stopped me from fighting. Brandon stepped around me with sweat pouring down his face. “Amy?” My eyes snapped to his. “Does he do this to other females? My words were ice.
Brandon swallowed, but played dumb. “Does he do what?”
I screamed into his face. “Does he fucking use his pathetic excuse of a command to make females lie down for him?”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
1
###Next D 331
Chapter 331
Chapter 331 
+25 BONUS
The world seemed to slow down. Vince closed his eyes and clenched his hands, but Brandon went into full panic mode. “Amy I swear I don’t know.” He cupped my face. “Please look at me.” I growled and flashed my eyes again. “Look at me.”
I snapped my eyes to his. “Do you do this too?” The disgust in my voice was thick.
Good. Megan nodded. Make him panic. Make them both panic, they will give you what you want.
I want to kill them. Nix snorted, but I was too far gone to laugh.
I know. Megan’s voice was calming. But we need him to agree to accept the rejection.
I can command him to do it. He’s weak. But Megan shook her head.
A command won’t work. If it did, an alpha could command any wolf to reject their goddess given mate. And the goddess wouldn’t allow that to happen. Wolves have to reject their mates from their own free will. 
I wanted to rip them to shreds. Dead men don’t matter. My words were soft but
Nix laid down. That they do not..
rage
filled.
Calm yourselves, sisters. We can kill them once, we are sure. Megan paced. Allow him to think his touch is calming you. Allow Vince to think that Brandon has a little control. Then get what we need, for Lynn.
I snapped back to Brandon when he leaned into my personal space. His lips kissed my forehead, and I shuddered. I didn’t mean to do it, but I saw Vince perk up. He thought it was interest, when it was actual revulsion.
“No. Goddess, no.” Brandon’s lips were soft as he pressed them against me again. I closed my eyes against his scent. In my last life, him being like this would have elated me. He had once been everything I had ever wanted out of my life. But then he killed our pup and this effort, this love, he was trying to make me feel. It was ash.
I pulled away, looking lost. “Tell me he doesn’t force females to be his toys.”
Vince looked away as Derek chuckled. He winced, and I saw his fist clench around his shirt. “I don’t need to.” I saw Vince relax, felt Brandon release a pent up breath. “I’m a beta. Bitches like you lie flat on your backs and spread your legs nice and wide.” Vince cuffed his head again, and Derek growled.
Vince raised an eyebrow, but before he could say anything, laughed. “Bitches like me?” I stepped away from Brandon and moved closer to Derek. “You haven’t met a bitch like me.” I snarled as I got close. “Do you, or do you not know what a Cath Báis is?”
Derek looked at Brandon, who was obviously gesturing behind my back. “What?” He chuckled again. “Every bitch is the same.” He looked at Vince. “What the fuck does she keep harping about? A Cath Báis? What is it, some kind of mating?” He turned back to me and humped the air.
Vince groaned, and I smirked. “Aren’t you fucking delightful? But no, a Cath Báis is no mating term. It’s from the old laws. And even though the old laws have been retired, they can still be invoked, can’t they, Alpha Vince?” The anger in my voice was real as I thought of the one he used against my mother.
He swallowed and then nodded. “Yes, yes, they can be invoked.”
“What the fuck is a Cath Báis?” Derek yelled, oblivious to the tension in the room.
I stepped forward and smiled. The air in the room dropped, and without realizing it, Derek took a step back. He knew without even realizing it; I was the biggest dog in this fight. “A Cath Báis is a fight to the death.” My grin turned predatory.
1/2
Chapter 331
+25 BONUS
Brandon reached for me and pulled me back a step, and Vince stepped between Derek and I. “Now.” He started. “I don’t think it’s necessary.
Before he got any further, Derek, the dumbass, started laughing. He threw back his head with full belly laughs as my words registered. Vince closed his eyes in a defeated looked, he dropped his head and released a sigh. Brandon’s hand tightened around my hand, like he thought that Derek laughing at me was going to be the thing that pushed me over the edge.
“You want to fight me to the death?” Derek laughed harder. Tears streamed down his face. “I’m a beta. A trained warrior. And the right–hand man of the next alpha. And you think a little woman who is the flavour of the week is going to come into this office and demand my head?” His face fell into angry lines. “You are fucking stupider than I thought.”
I smiled, fangs descending, and I looked at Vince. “You don’t train your dogs well, Vince.” 
“Did you fucking call me a dog, whore?” Derek cut in, but I was done with this.
“Do you know why no one has stepped up for you yet, Derek?” I dragged my hand out of Brandon’s grip. I stepped closer. “Because everyone else knows who the biggest, baddest wolf is in this room.” I snapped my fangs. “And it’s not you.” Then I released my aura.
Chapter 332
###Next D 332
Everyone in the room hit their knees, and I had barely released half of my power. Disappointing. I let my eyes shift to the golden hue of my wolf and I stepped up to Derek, lifting his face with my claw. “How does it feel to be the bitch in the room, Derek?”
He trembled at my feet. “You…”
“Yes. Me.” I tilted his face back farther, forcing my claw into his skin. Blood trailed down his throat, and it gave me a small sense of satisfaction. “Not Vince, and not Brandon. This is all me.” I slammed my hand against his throat and I tightened my grip. His choking for his breath was another small satisfaction. I pulled him from the ground. “Do you know why I am here, pup?”
Derek was turning purple as I dropped him. He fell to the floor in a heap of wheezing. Brandon came to my side and grabbed for my hand. But I flashed him a look. Nix pushed forward, sending her voice through my lips. “My human might like you, pup, but I will not allow you to interfere with this.”
Brandon swallowed and nodded. “I won’t interfere. I just want to give Amy a little support.” He held out his hand and Nix started laughing in my mind. This pup is laying it on thick.
Megan chuckled as she laid down next to Nix. Let him think he can calm you. It will give Vince a sense of control.
I gave him a tiny nod, and Brandon slid his hand in mine. But I crouched down, and he followed me. I leaned over the coughing Derek. “I’ll ask you one last time. Do you know why I am here?”
Derek had the sense to look scared now. He gripped his throat and shook his head. “No.” His voice was rough and I could scent his fear.
“I want your head.” I smiled. “I want to rip your head from your body and carry it through the streets.” I leaned closer. “And best believe I would do it and I could. You might be thinking that you are still a beta, and you might be stronger than I am. But I am here to tell you I would put you on the ground within a few minutes.” His face grew a little red as the anger surged. “You might think that I am boasting, but I’m not. You might last longer if I decided to play with you. And I might. Give you a little hope and then, little by little, I would pick at you.”
Derek shook his head. “You couldn’t.”
“Oh, but I could. I would.” I smiled. “I’d start with a hand, or an ankle. And I would whittle you down until you are a pile of broken bones and a crying heap, and then I would take your head. Do you know why?”
Derek looked at Vince, but he was just staring at Brandon’s hands in mine, watching the anger drain out o little by little. “Alpha Vince.” Vince jolted and then looked at Derek.
“What?”
Derek choked on his words. “Are you going to allow her to do this to me?” His words, hoarse with pain.
Vince furrowed his brow. “I don’t allow Amy to do anything. She is an alpha in her own right and knows the old laws. She has the right to invoke the Cath Báis.” His eyes flashed to me. “I will apologize for my involvement and I will rectify my stance immediately once you are done here. I nodded and then slowly turned back to Derek, who paled.
“You’re an alpha.” I smiled, fangs descending again.
“That I am.” Brandon huddled closer, and Derek stumbled over to him.
“Brandon, I’m your beta.” He clutched at his pant legs and Brandon looked at me.
“And if I am lucky.” He pushed his hands away. “Amy will be my luna.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 332
Derek sat back on his heels. “What?” His eyes danced to me “No.”
“I’m going to ask you one more fucking time. Do you know why I am here?” I leaned in and snapped my fangs. Stop looking at them, and look at me. They won’t save you, and I am the threat.” I snapped my hand out again and squeezed. “Think boy. This is the first time you have met me, and somehow you have insulted me enough that I want you dead. What did you do?”
He stared at me for a minute before he choked out. “I don’t know.”
“Do you know who I am?” He shook his head. “My name is Amy Maclean. I am the daughter of Alpha Maclean.” I waited for the understanding to enter his eyes, and then it morphed to fear. “That’s right. Lynn is my wolf.” I climbed into his lap and pressed my face against his. “SHE IS MINE AND YOU FUCKING TORTURED HER AND DEMANDED HER SILENCE.” I screamed in his face as my claws dug into his throat.
###Next D 333
Chapter 333
Spit flew from my mouth as I screamed at him. “You tortured her for finding you fucking my step sister. She had every right to reject you.” I squeezed. “You are an unworthy male.”
Brandon tugged me off Derek, and I allowed him to do it. Vince watched with hawk eyes to every movement, every gesture. Brandon pulled me against his chest, and again I allowed him to. “Calm down. At least let him speak. If you rip out his throat, then you won’t get to hear his reasoning.”
“His reasoning?” I snarled, and Vince winced. But Brandon cupped my face.
“I’m sorry. I said the wrong word. But let him speak and then your conscious will be clear if you kill him.” Vince nodded, and I knew he was feeding him the words. I wanted to roll my eyes and scoff.
Megan rubbed against the barrier. Allow them to believe they are convincing you.
Fine, but you owe me. She chuckled, but I turned back to Brandon.
“Fine.” I turned back to Derek. “Speak boy.”
He pushed back a bit, and I took in a deep breath. His fear had spiked, and I was enjoying the scent. “I think I am older than you.” His words made me chuckle.
Nix pushed her words from my lips and flashed my eyes. “That’s what you want to say to save yourself? You are a pup compared to me. Killing you would be child’s plays. So yes, boy, I will continue to call you whatever I want. Age means nothing to me.”
He swallowed and then nodded. “I, I, I.”
I growled. “Let’s hear it.” I slammed my hand to the ground and the wood flooring cracks. His eyes snapped to the board, and he started to sweat as he shuffled back a little more. I scoffed. “Putting more space between us means nothing, beta. I am faster than you, stronger than you, and pissed off. Stop wasting my fucking time and explain. Derek looked from Vince to Brandon, but both looked away. “Stop looking to them to fucking save you. Neither of them have the ability. I have invoked a Cath Báis, no one can change my mind but me. Alpha Vince can not interfere. So fucking face me like the man you pretend to be and explain yourself.” I screamed. This time, Derek
froze.
“There is no excuse.” His voice was a whisper.
“What?” My voice was ice as I settled onto my heels. I was hunched over like an animal, arms shi Brandon at my side.
Lo claws,
“I didn’t expect to meet my mate. Brandon and I have been using Shannon for the last two years of high school, and I was in a dry spell. She came to me one day after Brandon turned her away again.” The words were spilling from his lips now. “I hadn’t met Lynn yet, as she got here while I was away and training.” Derek swallowed. “It wasn’t supposed to be like that.”
I scoffed and rolled my eyes. “What the fuck did you expect?”
Derek’s eyes filled with tears. “I expected to meet my mate fully clothed. I expected to meet my mate and to have her fall in love with me. With my face, my smell. I expected my mate to fucking want me.”
I didn’t expect the hurt in his voice. “You were fucking another woman.”
“I know.” He screamed and surged to his feet. He ran his fingers into his hair and pulled. “I know, and I fucking regret it.” He spun in a circle. “It wasn’t supposed to happen. But I expected her to allow me to explain. At the very least, allow me to win her over.”
1/2
Chapter 333
I sat back into Brandon. “But she rejected you.”
+25 BONUS
He faced me. “I didn’t even have a second o register my mate full. I deflated instantly. Shannon, the whore fucking, smirked. She laughed as she pulled on her shirt and actually laughed. She said, well isn’t this perfect? Then she had the fucking audacity to face me and say that could be hers forever now. Like that would ever happen.” He slammed to his knees. “She smelled like home. But her face…her face was perfection carved by the goddess. But she hated me. In that moment and everyone since, she hated me.” He covered his face with his hands and started to sob.
My rage was still blazing. It didn’t matter that he was hurting; he tortured her. But I pretended I cared. “Then why did you do this?”
He glanced at me. And behind the pain, there was a calculating look. He was trying to figure out if I was buying his act. Nix and Megan growled, but I kept it in. “I hoped she would change her mind. If I kept her close enough that she would rescind the rejection.” His voice was full of longing and even though I knew it was an act, I wondered if there wasn’t a kernel of truth behind his words.
###Next D 334
Chapter 334
+25 BONUS
“So you tortured her for what? Hope that she would accept you as her mate.” I scoffed, but I made it weak. “How was that ever going to work?”
“It could have worked.” He shouted and then wilted. “If she wasn’t so strong, it could have worked.”
I leveled him with a look. “She was from my father’s pack. You should have done more investigating.”
He threw up his hands. “What does that even mean?”
“This pack follows the old ways. They give males an excuse to not hold true to the mate bond.”
“Hey.” Vince looked a little agitated at that, but I just raised an eyebrow.
“We have had this conversation before.” Vince sighed and then nodded.
“Yes, we have. All I will say on this matter is that we follow the way my forefathers paved for us. Wolves, not just males, when they shift have too much going on to control every urge. Sex is a way to curb the aggression.” I just looked at him and he raised his hands. “Yes, I know your father’s pack pivoted to training, but not every pack does.”
I finally nodded, but Derek furrowed his brows in confusion “What the hell are you talking about?”
I sighed. “Lynn came from a pack much like this one. Where men used the shift as an excuse to fuck anything that would allow them to. She saw the pain and hurt it caused the females, her sisters. And if she hadn’t seen another way, a different way, you might have been right. It might have worked. But unfortunately for you, she was transferred to my father’s pack.”
Derek looked at Vince, who gave him a look I couldn’t figure out. “What does that mean? What was so good about your father’s pack?”
“My father’s pack had a code they followed. Every wolf, male or female honored the mate bond. They stay celibate until they find their mates. They use the aggression, the surge of hormones to train. My father had the best warriors.”
Derek scoffed. “Didn’t seem to help them, did it?” I snarled but it was Brandon that reached over and punched Derek in the face. It was all an act. He held back most of his force, but it was interesting to watch.
“I will ignore that comment and give you a choice.” I stood, brushing off my pants. Brandon stood with me and I felt his arm settle against my back.
“What do you mean, you will give me a choice?”
I looked at Vince. “I hope you will lift the command.” I lifted my brow, and he nodded.
“I will keep my word.” He nodded and then turned around and sat at his desk. Then he gestured to the chairs. “No need to stay standing. As long as you’re not going to kill the man.” Now it was his turn to lift his brow.
I just sat in a chair and Brandon stood behind me. His hands rubbed in circles on my shoulders. Then I turned to look at Derek. “What I mean is, I will give you a choice. This is going to be the most important choice you will ever have, so I need you to really consider your options.”
He stood and sat in his chair. “What’s the choice?”
I leaned back against Brandon, watching Vince’s reaction out of the corner of my eye. I kept my eyes trained on Derek’s face and stayed silent. He started to twitch as I stared. “Vince already said he will remove the command. for Lynn’s silence. But you.” I leaned in. “You will accept her rejection.”
1/2
Chapter 334
+25 BONES
He jumped to his feet. “No!” He screamed. His face instantly turning red. “I won’t do it, and you can’t make me.” He sneered down at me and I smiled.
“You either accept her rejection or I kill you.” I leveled him with a stare. I allowed all of my emotion to drain out of my face. “You either release her, or I will, but mark my words. By the end of today, Lynn will be free.” I stood, rubbing my hands together.
“You can’t make that decision.” Derek cried. “Alpha Vince, are you seriously going to allow her to do this?” I cracked my neck and stretched. “Alpha Vince?” Derek turned to face Vince, but he was watching me.
“If he complies?” Vince hedged.
“Then I allow him to live, but Lynn will be moved. She needs to heal, away from him.”
Vince’s eyes narrowed. “Where?”
“Toya will take her until I can rebuild.” I bent down at my waist, reaching for my toes. Then I popped back up.” Make your decision.”
“Vince won’t release her. And you won’t kill me.” Derek smiled.
“You are so sure of yourself?” He nodded, and I move. One second I was next to Brandon and the next I had Derek in my grip, slammed against the far wall. “So sure, yet so fucking wrong.” I allowed my fangs to descend again, my claws digging into his skin. “I need you to really consider your choices here, Derek.” I tilted my head and smiled wide. “They won’t save you. They won’t even fucking move. Do you want to know why?”
He choked out. “Why?”
“Because you’re nothing to them. A beta, while useful, is nothing compared to an alpha.”
###Next D 335
Chapter 335 
+25 BONUS
His gaze moved to face Vince, but he looked away. Then he gazed at Brandon, who was behind me. I don’t know what he saw there, but I watch the fight drain out of him..“Make your choice.”
Vince stood and walked over to my side. “Does it have to be decided right this second?”
I slowly turned my face to look at Vince. “Yes. I know you have seen her. Her condition is nothing new to you. She is wasting away. You both will come now to release her, or will kill him. Then I will only need you to come to release her. But either way, it will be done right now.” I let my eyes flash. “Not later. Not tomorrow. We will all be leaving this office to head to my house, or the three of us will leave to head to my house, and the omegas will have a body to clean up.”
I left no room for negotiations. No chance for confusion.
Brandon pressed against my back. “He is my beta.”
I looked at him over my shoulder. “There are other beta’s in the fucking world.” I snapped back. “You might be friends with him, but everyone is replaceable.” I turned back to Vince. “Something your father knows well.”
“What does that mean?” Brandon furrowed his brow.
“Exactly what I said. Morgan wasn’t always the beta here. People died. People transfer out.” I deflected. There was no reason to go any deeper. I didn’t want to push Vince any further than I already had and exposing him to his son about his old beta was too far.
I turned back to Derek. “Make your choice. Now.”
Derek stared at me. His eyes were filled with an emotion I couldn’t place. His eyes danced across my face, and then behind me. I assume, looking to Brandon for some support. He sighed. “Look man. You are my best friend and beta. But if Amy says this Lynn woman is in terrible shape, you should let her go.”
Derek snarled. “You don’t understand.”
Brandon sighed. “I do. I was rejected my first year at school.“‘
Derek deflated again. “You are just lying.”
But Brandon came closer. I could feel the heat of his skin through my clothes. “I’m not. I remember the day because I had come with my father to deal with some girls who were bigging Amy here. I stood in front of the cafeteria, and I felt the bond snap.”
“Why did you accept it?” He lifted his lip.
“Why would I hold on to a woman who wouldn’t even give me a chance to explain myself?”
“Why wouldn’t you do what I did?” Derek furrowed his brow like he was genuinely confused.
“I didn’t know who my mate even was.” He shrugged. “And honestly, what would be the point? Watching a random woman rot away because I was twisting the knife doesn’t seem like a fun way to spend time to me.”
“It’s not, but it proves a point.” Derek looked at the wall.
“And what point is that?” I leaned in. “That you could?”
“No.” Derek snarled. “That she should have given me a fucking chance. That she could have had it all, but now she has nothing. Not even peace.”
“Well, now you have a chance. A chance to have a life, or not.” I leveled him with a look. “I’m done speaking about
1/2
Chapter 335
*25 BONUS
this. Make your choice.” I dropped him onto the ground and walked to the office door. “I will leave here in two minutes.” I leaned against the door and looked at my watch “You have until them to make your decision.” I pulled my phone out and scrolled to Toya. I shot her a message to have Lynn ready for one of two outcomes.
Either I was going to kill her mate and then I would bring Alpha Vince there to release her from his command. Or I would bring Derek with me to accept her rejection and Vince would then release her. But either way today she would be free, and heading home with her. Toya sent a thumbs up, knowing our phones we monitored.
Vince, Brandon and Derek, we mind linking each other. And even though I couldn’t hear them, their body language was telling. Derek was fighting to keep Lynn. Brandon was worried about losing my ‘affection‘ and Vince didn’t like being pushed around by me.
I knew this was going to throw a wrench into winning Vince over, but Lynn was more important than winning Vince over. Would it make my job easier? Yes. Would I still be able to do what I need to? Probably.
Toya sent me another text. I told her. That was it. Obviously she couldn’t say anything, but I hoped she perked up.
I checked the time on my phone before I slid it back into my pocket. “Times up.” I leveled a stare at Derek. “Life or death, boy?”
###Next D 336
Chapter 336
Chapter 336 
+25 BONUS
“Stop fucking calling me boy. I’m a twenty–seven–year–old man.” Derek snarled, but I just smiled.
“If you want me to treat you like a man, like a male worthy of the beta title…then act like it.” I turned to Vince. Are you ready?”
“I am quite busy.” He started, but froze when another savage growl ripped out of me. He raised his hands. “But I will make the time to come down with you right now to remove my command.”
I nodded. “Good.” I looked down at the ground. “Sorry, I am obviously on edge. She is the last member of my pack and I failed her.” I looked at the wall and waited for Vince to nod.
“No alpha wanted to feel like they failed a member of their pack. And I can understand your anger. You left her in my care, and you came home to this.” Vince scratched the back of his neck like he was feeling bad. But I knew this was just an act. “I apologize for my hand in this mess.”
I nodded. “I appreciate it. As long as it rectified today.”
Brandon walked over and grabbed my hand. “I’ll tag along. He nodded solemnly. “I know what you’re saying, but I want to see Lynn for myself. I want to see the impact this kind of thing can have on a wolf.” I looked into his eyes and nodded.
Then, like we planned it, the three of us turned to Derek. I tilted my head. “Make your choice. I’m over these games.”
Derek looked at Brandon and then Vince before he sagged. “I’ll accept her rejection.”
I nodded. “Good. Let’s go.” I spun on my heels and opened the door, holding it open for the three men. “I assume you know the way to my house.”
Brandon turned with a confused look. “Did you walk here?”
I laughed. “I ran here.” I shut the door behind us as they trailed down the stairs.
“We aren’t walking, are we?” Derek looked disgusted.
“I’ll drive us.” Vince walked to his car and slid in. He wanted this done as soon as possible. Good. So did I.
xt to me. He settled I slid into the back and Brandon, who I assumed would sit in the passenger seat, slid in close, grabbing my hand and pulling it to his lap. “Do you mind?” He looked down at our entwined hands and slowly looked back up at my face with a small smile on his.
I looked out the window, ignoring him completely. “No, I don’t mind.” He squeezed my hand as we drove.
“I meant it, you know.” His words were soft.
“Meant what?” I turned to face him, confused.
“That if you would say yes, I would make you my luna.” I let surprise show on my face. “The letter I wrote you. I meant it.”
“We are friends.” He nodded.
“We are, and we could be more.” He smiled as he leaned closer. I knew he was going to kiss me. I was battling against myself to allow it or not when the car stopped. He pulled back, but I watched everything drain from his face. The smile was replaced by what I can only call revulsion. “You did that?” His words were full of horror. He turned to the front seat. I was forgotten. “I saw Lynn before I left for school. She was strong, vibrant, funny even. She was full of…” He was at a loss for words, but I knew what he was trying to say.
Chapter 336
“Life.” I finished for him. “She was full of life.”
+25 BONUS
He turned his eyes back to me and I could see the pain there. I couldn’t tell if he was faking it or not, but it was there. “I understand.” I nodded and stepped out of the car.
“Lynn.” I walked over to my wolf, where Toya was holding her up. Her hallow eyes were full of malice as she stared at the car. Derek and Vince got out of the car and came over. Lynn started to tremble. I couldn’t tell if it was from fear or anger, but I wrapped my arm around her.
“I’ve got you.” I hugged her close and faced the men. “Do i” Derek lifted his lip in disgust, but I held my hand up before he could speak. “I want you to think about what you are about to say. I am on a knife’s edge. The only reason you are still alive is because I respected Bradon and Alpha Vince. If I didn’t, I would have ripped your head from your shoulders the minute I saw you.”
He scoffed. “Brandon held you back.”
Brandon sighed. “She allowed me to hold her back.”
Derek looked at his friend. “What?”
“Amy is better trained than most of our warriors. She already told you that. She was trained by her father.” Brandon continued as Vince shook his head. “She could have killed you before either of us could have reacted.”
“You’re lying.”
I smirked. “Do you want to try? Or do you want to do what you came here to do?”
Vince cuffed his head and stepped up. “Lynn, I remove any and all commands I have laid on you since you came to my pack lands.” Lynn sagged as the command left her.
“Derek?” The threat was in my voice as I called for him.
He snarled, but stepped forward. “I accept your rejection.” Then he spun on his heel and got back into the car.
“Amy.” Brandon tried to reach for me but Lynn turned to me.
“Alpha.” Lynn’s ragged sob ripped through the air, and her tears came fast. She sagged into my arms.
“It’s okay now. I have you.”
###Next D 337
Chapter 337
Chapter 337 
+25 BONUS
I looked back to Brandon and I mouthed sorry. I wasn’t, but needed him to this I was. Then I turned Lynn back towards my house and brought her inside. We headed straight to my bedroom, but I froze. The fucking door.
“Toya?”
“Yeah?” She came up behind us.
“Take Lynn to my room. I need to speak to my mom about some food.” She saw the look in my eyes and nodded.
“Of course.” She sidled up next to Lynn. “Hey honey, I’m Toya. We are going to become the best of friends you and I.” Lynn barely registered her, and just leaned on her. They started upstairs, and I turned back to the kitchen.
“Mom?”
“Yeah baby?” She came around the corner and she saw my face. “Did you kill that boy?” I just shook my head. ” Pity.” She turned around and headed back into the kitchen. followed her inside and leaned against the counter. I needed a second. “That bad?” I nodded again. She just came over and hugged me. “You did good, baby.”
I shook my head. “No, I didn’t. If I did, this wouldn’t have ever happened.”
She stroked my hair back from my face. “The goddess gives her wolves the lessons she needs them to learn.” She leaned in and kiss my temple. Then she slides a plate in front of me. “Eat.”
I wanted to laugh, but I just shook my head. “I can’t.”
e
“You need something, right? That’s why you are here? Then eat, or it’s a no.” I stared at her for a minute and then I grabbed the sandwich from the plate. “There’s my girl.”
I huffed, but took a bite. I was hungrier than I thought because before I could blink; the sandwich was completely gone. “Okay.” I raised my eyebrow, and she nodded.
“What do you need?”
Wait. Nix called out. I raised my finger and pointed to my head. My mom nodded and started to wash dishes, ready to wait for me to talk to my wolves. This is Morgan’s house We don’t know what he’s put around here. Tell me what you need and I will tell her, wolf.
I looked around the kitchen and grimaced. Nix was right. We had no idea. I thought about the page. We need sage, mint, thyme, and turmeric. She nodded and then turned around and ran back to the trees.
“I need nothing.” I smiled as I went to the fridge. “Toya and Lynn are leaving tonight, and she wanted to know if you have a few extra spices. Getting stuff to the island is harder than she wants to admit.” I grabbed a can of soda and closed the fridge. I turned to find my mother already rummaging around in the spice cabinet.
“I have a few extras. I can replace them later. So I’m not worried.” She put them into a zip–top bag. I took a sip of my soda, doing my best to seem relaxed. I wouldn’t put it past Morgan and Vince to have cameras set up around here. “Does she need anything else?”
I shook my head. “I’ll be putting in a food order to deliver to the port for her and Lynn. She just said that the store near the port didn’t have many spice options. Her dad used to have to drive hours to get them.” I lifted shoulder. “I also ordered them a car, but that isn’t going to be delivered for a few weeks.” I sighed.
my
My mother turned around, and she had a look in her eyes. Nix must have told her what we were doing. “That’s generous of you.”
I shook my head. “Not really. Daddy left me way too much money to ever get through it all. Plus, my own investments have been doing very well.”
Chapter 337
+25 BONUS 
I saw a flash of hair at the wall, and I knew Shannon was pressed against the wall, listening. My mom nodded. How much do you have now?”
I puffed out my lips. “Goddess, I can’t even remember. Daddy left me almost one hundred billion, but I’ve made almost double that since I started school.” I heard a faint gasp and soft footsteps away. Nix was back and she and Megan snorted.
That child is too foolish. Nix huffed out a breath. Megan nodded.
“That’s amazing baby.”
“Yeah.” I heard two sets of footsteps come back and I wanted to smirk. “I bought all the girls their dream cars as graduation gifts. Toya’s is taking the longest, but Wendy’s mom has hers. Hanna’s and Micca’s should be at their packs by the time they get there today.” There was a honk outside and this time I did smirk. But it was gone before my mother could see it.
She furrowed her brow. “I wonder who that is.” I grabbed the zip–top bag of spices from the counter.
She was already walking out of the kitchen, causing Morgan and Shannon to scramble. “Let’s go see.” I followed her outside and then bumped right into her back. “Mom?”
“What is going on?” Her whisper was soft, but she turned to look at me as the brand new bright red SUV was being unloaded.
“Surprise!”
###Next D 338
Chapter 338
Chapter 338 
I heard the door open and Shannon gasp. “No freaking way
My mom turned to me. “What the hell is this?”
“Mom, did you think I didn’t notice you eyeing up Jora’s SUV the last time you came up?” My mother blushed.
“It was nice.” She pouted.
Shannon ran up to us. “Whose it for?”
I ignored her. The SUV was fully unloaded and the delivery guy was walking over. “I am looking for a Mrs. Maclean.” I smiled as my mom turned to me. “An Ainsley Maclean.” She whipped her head back around to face the driver. “I’m guessing that’s you.” His chuckle was soft as he walked over and dropped the keys into her hands. “Hope you like it.” Then he was gone.
My mom turned to me. “I might have gotten you a new car, too.” I grinned. “But I’m going to go help Lynn and Toya pack, so I’m going to go. Go look at it.” I pushed her towards her new car and turned away.
Shannon was pouting behind us. “You bought your mom a new car?” I nodded as I went to go past. “This isn’t fair.” She stomped her foot like a child.
Apaused. “Why isn’t it fair?” I looked back at the red SUV.
“I don’t even have a car.” She crossed her arms as she watched my mom get in.
“Well, you can have her old one.” I laughed as I walked inside. Leaving her to pout and scream. I ran upstairs to find Lynn laying in my bed, blankets wrapped around her, and Toya rubbing her back. “How is she doing?” I closed and locked the door behind me.
Toya sighed. “She cried until she fell asleep.” She turned to face me. “I’m worried about her.”
I nodded as I walked closer. “She’s strong. She will bounce back.” I knelt down and brushed the hair out of her face. Lynn’s eyes snapped open and I could see the anger in them. Anger and accusation.
Her nostrils flared, like she was scenting me, so I waited. “You didn’t sleep with him.” Her words were soft and confused.
I smiled softly. “Of course I didn’t. Even if he wasn’t your mate, which he was, he was a scumbag.”
She closed her eyes for a moment. A tear fell from her eye and down her nose. “Then why?”
I ran my hand down her hair. “Then why, what?”
She opened her eyes, and this time they were full of pain, rage and hurt. “Why didn’t you kill him?”
I smiled as I pushed her hair back again. She was pissed at me but it was okay. “Because. We are going to get you back up to full strength and then you are going to kill him.” She blinked at me a few times. “After everything he did to you…don’t you want that?”
She nodded. She was getting choked up. “Yes, yes, I want that.” She looked down at the bad, at her body. “But I am too weak.”
Toya rubbed her back again. “We will help fix that.” Toya smiled. “Nothing a good meal. Some rest and training won’t fix.”
“I can’t stay here. Not with him.”
“And you won’t.” I leaned over and kissed her temple. “I’m going to fix that right now.”
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 338
“How?”
I stood and turned to look at the closet. “Magic.” I went into my dresser and grabbed the candle I had there. It was a scented candle that I rarely used, but for this, it should do the job. I looked at Toya. “The book?”
She pointed to the closet. “I moved it in there so I could lay Lynn down. She was shivering so much I was worried about her.” I nodded.
I headed into the closet and knelt down in front of the door and dropped the zip–top bag of spices and the candle. Then I opened the book and found the spell. “Nix, I need you to send this to Wendy’s wolf. She needs to carve these symbols exactly into the door frame.”
Nix forced herself to the surface, gazing at the page, and then she disappeared. I knew without asking she was headed down the bond to speak to Wendy’s wolf directly. No mind linking to be overheard. No texts being monitored. It was the safest way we communicated, with no one knowing.
I sat and waited for Nix to come back. While I waited, I reorganized the closet. I wanted clothes in front of the door,
but not the full racks like I had it. I moved the front rack closer to the door, and moved the back rack up.
I had almost finished as Nix stepped out of the trees. What are you doing? Her voice was amused, but I moved the last few things and then opened and closed the door a few times, making sure nothing would get in the way.
I am just making sure we can come and go as needed. I turned back to the book. Is it done?
+26 BONUS
Chapter 339
###Next D 339
Chapter 339 
Nix nodded as she came closer to the barrier. Yes, she has finished the carving. I waited and watched so that I could tell you where she carved what, just in case it was important.
Smart. I leaned down and grabbed the book from the floor. I didn’t even think of that. Okay. I paused, ready to start. Which one first?
Nix pushed forward. She pointed at the first symbol, a weird–looking N. She did this one on the bottom.
I shifted my hand into my claws and carved the N into the baseplate of the door frame.
Nix pointed at the circle with a line through it. This one is in the middle of the left–hand side. I carved mine in the same area. This one, a sideway S with a few dots, is on the top. I stood and went to carve the symbol above the door but Nix stopped me. Not there. She did it like the bottom on the top plate. Like the sides. I nodded and carved it into the crossbeam on the frame. And the last one was the star she did exactly across from the circle.
I finished the carving, then knelt at the candle. I lit it with a thought, then I stared at the flame, watching it get stronger, I opened the zip top and pulled out the spices I needed and put them in the correct order.
I got off my knees and settled cross–legged in front of the candle facing the doorway. I took a deep breath before I grabbed the thyme. “Isther net bu for sha.” I sprinkled the thyme over the flame. I grabbed the tumeric next. “Lor sha pen todo senic.” I tapped the orange powder of the flame and the flame crackled.
I grabbed the mint next, the dried leaves cracking in between my fingers. “Lorna si ca shi fan clo.” I crumpled the leaves and sprinkled them into the fire, watching the flame spit ash. I took a deep breath, focused on my flame. I grabbed the sage leaves from the bag and held them over the candle. “Norte ble ahsen clo nic she cle.” That was the last of the spell, but I knew it was incomplete. I pictured the other door. With the same symbols carved into the doorway and the path I needed. “Penta sen cor la du. Cli na tor pinta.” I dropped the last leaf, and the candle exploded out.
I screamed as I leaned back, raising my hands to cover my face. “Amy!” Toya screamed and ran into the closet and stopped behind me. “Are you okay?” I waited to feel the burn, or glass hit me, but there was nothing. “Amy?” Toya sounded a little confused. I lowered my hands to find absolutely nothing. I looked around, dumbfounded. The candle, the spices, everything was gone. I was left untouched. My closet was fine, but all of my supplies for the spell, gone. I patted my legs, just to make sure, but I was whole. Toya walked over and crouched next to me. What happened?”
(4 
I looked up at her with my mouth hanging open. “I don’t know.” I stood up and looked around the floor. Toya followed my eyes.
“Where are the spices and the candle?” She looked back at me. “I thought you were doing the spell.”
“I did…” I looked around again, confused. “I did the spell. The candle exploded.” I spun in a circle, but everything was still clear. “What the fuck…” 
“Did it work?” Toya frowned.
“I…don’t…know.” I turned to face the door.
“Are you going to check?”
I looked back at her and then shrugged. “I guess.”
She laughed. “Why are you so rattled?”
“I don’t know.” I looked around again. “No, I do. I’m fucking confused. One minute I was watching sage burn and then the next the candle was exploding. And I’m not talking about a small thing, like glass breaking or whatever.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 339
It was big “I waved my arms. “The flame shot up, the glass exploded out. I honestly thought I was a goner.”
Toya looked around. “But…” She looked back at my face.
“Exactly. Everything is gone. Not a speck of glass, wax, or any bit of spice to be found. There are no burns, not ash, nothing.” I spun in another circle. “I feel like I am going insane.”
“Have you ever done the recall spell before?” I shook my head. “Maybe it’s a part of the spell? Maybe it makes it work?” She shrugged her shoulder.
“I don’t know.” I turned to face the door. “But there is only one way to find out.” I walked to the door. I looked back at Toya. “What if it didn’t work?” My stomach was a bunch of knots. We needed this to work.
Toya lifted her shoulder. “Then we drive back to school and run back.” She was so matter of fact about it, it calmed my nerves.
I turned back and closed my eyes, and opened the door.
Chapter 340
+25 BONUS
###Next D 340
Chapter 340
Only to rum face first into another fucking door.
“Ow.” My eyes snapped open, and 1 rubbed my forehead. “What the fuck?” I placed my hand on the wood and tapped on it, making sure it was solid.
“What?” Toya came up behind me. She peered over my shoulder. “Is that another door?” I nodded. “Well…” She nudged my back. “Open it.”
I puffed out my cheeks. “If I don’t come back, I’m blaming you.” I opened the second door quickly, slamming the door against the wall.
“What the fuck!” Wendy screamed.
“Holy shit, it worked.” I whispered as I stared at my friend.
“It worked.” Toya clapped behind us.
“Amy!” Carly came tunning, and I opened my arms. “Hi baby.” I hugged her to me and then pushed her back as I crouched down. “Have you been a good girl for Aunt Wendy?”
Wendy smiled and nodded. Carly bounced. “We played board games.”
Wendy sighed. “She beat me every time.” I chuckled.
“Good.” I looked up. “We have all the stuff here. We can hand it through, but we will have a guest with us at the cabin for a while.”
“Who is it?” Wendy leaned against the wall.
“It’s the sad warrior.” Carly looked up at me. “She is sick.”
I nodded. “Exactly right.” I booped her nose. “But now that we have this path, we have some rules.” I pushed her back a few steps, so that she was on the cabin side. “Stay over on this side unless there is an attack. Then you can come to hide on this side. But never ever come over here, unless you have to. Okay?”
Carly nodded. “I know. I’m not safe over here without you.
“Right again.” I smiled. “Okay. Can you go sit on the bed while we bring stuff across?” She smiled and ran back to my bed, and crawled up into it. She took a deep breath and I knew she was smelling my scent mixed with her dads. She crinkled her nose. “What’s wrong?”
“Your scent is wrong.”
I chuckled. “Smart kid.” Toya came back with the first bags. “Here. Wendy. These are the bags your mom left for you.”
“Thank you!” She grabbed the bags and headed back to her room.
Toya left again as I watched Carly curl up into my bed. I walked over to her and stroked her hair. “How are you doing, Car?”
She snuggled her face into a pillow. “I’m sad, but I’ll be okay.” She looked up at me. “Can I have this pillow? For the shirt you gave me.”
“Of course, baby. You can have whatever you want from here. The blankets, the pillows, anything.” She jolted up.
“Seriously?”
Chapter 340
+25 BONUS
I just nodded. “Did you daddy tell you about the sad warrior?”
She nodded. “The room next to Toya’s is for her. He said she will need to feel safe because of everything she had to go through.”
I furrowed my brows. “There’s a room next to Toya’s?” She nodded. She hopped up and grabbed my hand, pulling me down the hall. We stopped at a door I had never noticed “What the…”
“My daddy made it that way. Unless you have a reason to come here, your head won’t see it.” She opened the door and I went to walk in, but Carly pulled me back. “Daddy sale no one but the sad woman should enter, so she feels safe.”
I crouched down and kissed her head. “You are so smart.” She smiled and then I headed back to the closet. Toya had dropped a few of my bags in the room and she was coming through with her stuff. “That everything?” She nodded.
“Yeah. We just need food and Lynn.”
I nodded. “I have a plan for that. I’m going to go grab Lynn and bring her to her room.” Toya just nodded. I looked down at Carly. “There is a hamper with your dad’s clothes right there. Why don’t you bring it to your room? Then you can come back in here and take what you want. How about that?”
Carly bounced over to the hamper and grabbed it. “Thank you.” Then she was gone.
I smiled as I waked back over to my bedroom and crouched next to the bed. “Lynn?” She cracked her eyes open. ” I’m going to take you away from here. Somewhere safe, okay?”
“Swear it.” Her voice was ragged.
“I, Amy Maclean, swear I am taking you off pack lands away from Derek where you can stay in peace.” Her eyes filled with tears, and she nodded. “Before I can take you there, I’m going to need some of your blood.”
“Why?”
“To add you to the protection spell. But I promise, as soon as you get there, you will be safe.” She nodded and held out her wrist.
I looked around and grabbed the first thing I could find. A dish I used to hold my jewelry. I dumped out the few rings I had in it. “This might hurt.” I shifted a claw and sliced her wrist. I watched her blood fill the dish. But something was wrong. “Why aren’t you healing?” I hadn’t cut that deep.
Her voice was soft. “Wolfsbane.”
Fuck.
###Next D 341
Chapter 341
Chapter 341
I pulled my power to me and slammed it into Lynn. She arched off the bed and screamed. Wendy and Toya came running, and I could hear a faint yelp from Carly. I would explain it to her later, but right this second, my entire focus was on the woman slowly dying on my bed.
“Amy, what the hell are you doing?” Wendy came running to my side.
“Amy, stop.” Toya ran back from the cabin, but I shook my head.
“I can’t.” I was holding her wrist, but the blood wasn’t slowing. “Grab me a towel from the bathroom. Now.” Toya
ran.
“What happened?” Wendy knelt next to me, putting her fingers against Lynn’s neck. Toya came back from the bathroom with a towel and held it out. I pulled my hand away from her wrist and they both gasped.
“I needed her blood for the shield. I can’t bring her there until she is added to it. Otherwise, she can be traced there. I was just going to take a little blood.” I wrapped the towel around her wrist and squeezed. I held her arm to Wendy. “Squeeze. Hard.”
“Why isn’t she healing?” Toya looked at the blood on the floor. 
I growled. “Vince and Derek, I think.”
Toya looked at me as I wrapped both hands around Lynn’s arm. “What did they do?”
“Wolfsbane.” Was all I could get out. “Cover her mouth. I don’t want to scare Carly, and I have to use all my power to heal this.” She nodded, crawled into the bed with Lynn. She shifted her so that her head was in her lap and then covered her mouth with both hands. “This is going to be painful, Lynn. I’m sorry.”
I ran to the plant in my mind. She was beautiful and flourishing, and normally I can connect with my power no problem, but this time I wanted to go straight to the source. I slammed my hand into the soil and I felt my magic filling me. I pulled more and more magic to me, as quickly as I could, but it was still slower than I liked.
I had to wait as the magic kept building, because if I pressed too early, Lynn wasn’t going to make it. “Amy.” Toya stared at me as I held there. “Amy, what are you doing?” Toya looked down at Lynn. Her panic was building. ” She’s fading Amy.” I nodded, I knew it, but still I waited.
Wendy squeezed the towel tighter, but the blood was dripping, the towel already soaked with blood. “Amy, she’s lost too much blood.” Her voice wasn’t panicked yet, but she was worried. “What should I do?” She looked to me for something: advice, admonishment, direction I didn’t know, but she waited for me to give it to her.
But I was almost full, almost at capacity, and I couldn’t think or move. My entire focus, my entire being, had whittled down to this. To building power, to watching the tiny flame in Lynn’s chest flicker. I watched as her flame started to die. I closed my eyes and prayed to the goddess. Please, don’t let her die at my hands. I opened my eyes, and I focused back on her as a wave of strength covered me, and her tiny flame steadied. “One more minute.” I whispered the words as I stared down at my friend, my wolf. Her spark was almost out, almost gone, but I refused to allow her to fade.
“Amy!” Toya screamed when Lynn stopped breathing.
I felt the moment the magic was full, I had drawn as much as I could. Wendy looked at me but her eyes widened. ” Holy goddess. How the fuck did that happen?”
But in the next second, I slammed all the power I had gathered, all I had drawn in, and I shove it straight into Lynn. The raw power of my magic was like straight electricity, but I screamed my intention as I kept shoving it in. “Cleanse and heal.” Wendy and Toya closed their eyes, praying for it to work. But I just kept shoving power directly into her body.
1/2
Chapter 341
+25 BONUS
I pictured the wolfsbane in her blood, and I forced it out of the wound. Blood poured from her faster, and Wendy screamed. But this is what Lynn needed. “Amy!” Wendy was full of panic now.
Toya had abandoned holding Lynn’s mouth. The woman wasn’t screaming; she wasn’t even breathing. “Amy, you need to stop.”
But I refused. “You don’t get to take her. Not yet, not now. I slammed another enormous wave of power into her and this time it was intent on healing her. I pictured the wound at her wrist, so shallow, so small, closed. Then I forced more power to refill her blood, giving her the life source she so desperately clung to.
With the very last of my power, I shoved it directly into her heart with only one intention.
Breathe.
###Next D 342
Chapter 342
Lynn shot up from the bed with a gasp, and I nearly wept in relief. Wendy and Toya jolted back, surprised, but then grabbed Lynn again. “Are you okay?” Touya turned Lynn’s face to hers.
Wendy wrapped her hands around the soaked towel and peaked under. “Thank the goddess.” She pulled back the towel completely, inspecting Lynn’s wrist. “She’s healed.” She stood and brought the towel to the bathroom. I heard the slap of the towel hitting the bottom of my tub and water running right before she came back with a washcloth. She wiped the remaining blood off Lynn’s wrist, cleaning her up before she turned to me. “You did it.” She looked back over my shoulder, her eyes catching on something again.
Toya and I followed her eyesight and Toya’s mouth dropped open. “Holy goddess.” She looked back at me. “Did you do that?”
I stared at the plants I had in the corner. The plants I collected and my mother had taken care of while I was gone. The plants, all six, that were now shriveled and dead. The once vibrant green now had turned yellow, like dried corn husks. I mourned their loss, but I looked back at Lynn and I smiled. “Sometimes, magic gives back to nature, and sometimes we pull from it. My well wasn’t big enough to bring Lynn back from the brink while cleansing the wolfbane from her system. I needed the boost.” I felt my shoulders sag. “I will give it back once I’ve refilled.” I stood and grabbed the jewelry dish of blood. “I’ll be right back.”
“But your magic…” Wendy held up her hand, worried.
I nodded. “I’ll have to pull a little extra from the plants outside to add Lynn to the shield, but it needs to be done. I’ll hopefully be able to bring them all back to life when I have the strength.” I started back into the closet but paused. “Can you both stay with her until I can come back and bring her to her room?”
“Of course.” Toya nodded.
I nodded, then turned back to the cabin. I hurried past Carly sitting on her bed, surrounded by blankets I didn’t recognize. I headed out the front door and headed north. I pulled tiny bits or power of life from the grass and plants as I passed. I didn’t want to kill any outright, so I spread it out. By the time I got to the statue, I had a plan formed in my mind.
“Do you know what to do, love?” My grandmother stepped around the corner with a smile.
“I think so.” I settled on my knees in front of the statue, then I sighed.
“Say what you want to say, my girl.” My grandmother settled next to me.
“I’m barely able to take care of myself, and now I have a child, and another grown woman to take care of.” I turned my head. “What am I doing?”
She smiled. “You’re afraid. And that’s okay.” She raised her hand to my face, and I closed my eyes. When we were like this, I swore I could feel her hand, her warmth. “Do you regret either choice?” His question was soft. “The girl, or the warrior?”
I shook my head instantly. “Carly is mine. I knew that when I was eighteen. And Lynn, she’s my friend. My wolf. My duty. But also, she’s mine to protect, and I failed her.” I opened my eyes to see hers full of understanding.
“So you
find them to be a duty?” She tilted her head at me. Take your time to think of your answer. I want you to really consider the question and your feelings about this.”
I sat back and really turned inward. How did I feel about Carly? About Lynn? Fuck, how did I feel about everything?
Nix and Megan came over. Carly is our pup. Nix laid down and stared at me.
Megan nodded. She was always supposed to come to us.
Chapter 342
+25 BONUS
I felt the same. Carly was ours, and even though I was terrified about raising a child by myself, I would figure it
out.
You have us, asshole. Nix called out and I smiled.
I turned to the next person, Lynn. I felt in my gut she was linked to me. We have a bond, I could feel the cord connecting us.
She is our pack, our home. Nix looked at Megán. It’s like us, we are together; we are sisters.
Megan tilted her head. Toya, Cas, Wendy, Hanna and Micca are our sisters. Lynn is like a cousin. She is a part of our family. And we need to care for our family. I think you are worried about making her better, but she is stronger than you think.
Nix chuffed out a laugh. And I think you are seriously downplaying the drive of someone fueled by hatred and revenge. Which is surprising, since you, yourself, have been on a revenge path for years now.
I had to agree to that.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 343
Chapter 343
“So?” My grandmother pushed, as she could see I was done thinking
+25 BONUS
“No, I don’t find them to be a duty. I say duty, because I am honor bound to help, but even if I wasn’t, I would have. They are connected to my wolves. To me, I wouldn’t turn on them.”
She nodded, “Good.” She pointed to the statue with her lips, “I know your fear is talking. And that’s okay, just don’t let it talk you into something you shouldn’t do. Like torn your back on your people. Add your warrior into the shield and then bring her back to heal.” Then she was gone.
I shook myself and I turned into the see how much power I had left. To my surprise, I was recharged more than I should have been. I closed my eyes and sighed. “Thank you I picked the blood up and stood. I poured a little on the statue and then I moved on to the next.
Once I had poured blood onto all four statues, I settled back in front of the northern statue and opened my magic. Isla fo int ye per ta dona clín stio pa ne.” I sent my power out, and I felt the blood soak into each, the spell accepting Lynn.
I stood and double checked each statue, making sure that all the blood had soaked in. Double checking the ward and shield as I went. Once I was secure with my shield, and the acceptance of Lynn, I ran back inside. I made it back to my room and through the closet before I could think
Knocking on the door to my bedroom at my mother’s house had me pausing. I turned my head to Wendy and Toya Both were still hovering over Lynn. “Whoever is knocking has been for about a minute.” Toya settled into the bed.
I turned to Wendy. “Go back to the cabin and close the door. If we are lucky, I can send whoever away and the doorway will still work.” She nodded and got up, running to the closet and closing the door. I waited for a few more seconds until I was sure she was back on the other side of the door, and I walked to my bedroom door.
I opened the door and leaned against the door frame. “Yeah?”
Shannon, Morgan and my mother all stood in the hallway. My mother looked pissed. “Hey.” Morgan glanced back at my mom. “I just saw your mother’s new car. It’s nice.” He started. My mom scowled.
“Yeah, she had been eyeing it, and I know her favourite color is red. So I bought it for her.” I looked at my mom. Do you like it?”
Her face softened. “I love it. When you have time, I want to go for a ride.” I nodded.
“Sounds good. Once I get the girls off, I want to go to the grocery store, anyway.” She nodded. I turned back to Morgan. “Why is everyone at my door?” I watched my mother’s face as it clouded back over. Whatever the reason they were here, she was pissed about it.
Morgan hesitated. “Well, you bought your mother a new car.”
I waited. He looked super uncomfortable, but I didn’t care. I wasn’t going to make this easy for him. “Okay.” I flashed a confused look at my mother. “And?”
( 
“Well, I was thinking that maybe you could buy Shannon one.” Morgan rubbed the back of his neck and I could tell the only reason he was here was because Shannon made him come.
“Wait.” I crossed my arms and smirked. “What? I am going to need you to say that again. What do you want me to do?”
He sighed. “Look, Amy, honestly.” He raised his hands in surrender. “I don’t want to be here. But Shannon saw the car, and she wanted it. Obviously, that isn’t going to happen, but she begged me to come here to ask you to buy her a car.“
1/2
Chapter 343
“Morgan.” My mom started, and he looked genuinely pained. But I held up a hand.
“Why should I?” I think my question surprised both Morgan and Shannon. Like I was actually considering it. I wasn’t, but hey, I wanted to hear his reasoning
He sighed. “Honestly…” I nodded and he paused, as if he was considering his words. Finally, he opened his mouth. “You shouldn’t.” My mom’s mouth dropped open in surprise. What the hell just happened?
Shannon whirled to face her father. We watched her face cycle through her emotions. Betrayal, rage, finally she settled on hurt. Her eyes filled with tears, and she made her lips wobble. “Daddy, you promised.” Her words were whiny and I swear I watched something break in Morgan.
He sighed. “What do you want me to do, Shan? It’s her money, it’s her decision.” He turned to face her. “I keep putting you first because you are my daughter, but enough is enough. Ainsley hates me now because of you. Amy hates me because of you. Vince has replaced me because of YOU!”
###Next D 344
Chapter 344
+25 BONUS
Shannon froze, her tears forgotten as Morgan finished screaming. He turned back to me. “I’m sorry.” He turned back to Shannon. “Take Ainsley’s old car or don’t, but I’m done with this bullshit Shannon. You are a fucking adult. Act like it.” Then he turned on his heels and left, back down the stairs.
Shannon was frozen to her spot before she turned back to me and my mom. “This is your fault.” She screamed and then ran to her room, slamming the door.
“Well…” My mom pointed down the stairs. “I’m going to-
“Come in.” I pulled her into my room and closed the door.
“Amy, I have to go.” She sighed, but then stopped when she looked over at Toya and Lynn. “How is she doing?” She walked closer.
“Not great.” I walked over to the bed. “They poisoned her with wolfsbane.” She gasped. “I didn’t know and when I cut her-”
“Why the hell did you cut her?” My mom ran over to her and looked. She saw the bloodstain on my carpet. “Amy!” She ran to the washroom and screamed when she saw the towel in the tub. She stormed back. “What the hell were you thinking?”
1 palmed my face. “I obviously didn’t know. But I needed her blood. Like I need yours.”
She turned to me. “Why?”
“I need to add you to a spell before I can show you.” She narrowed her eyes at me before she nodded and held out her wrist. I went into the bathroom and rinse out the drying blood from Lynn, and came back. “This shouldn’t hurt long.” I shifted my claw, but paused right before I cut her. “You don’t have wolfsbane in your system, do you?” She leveled me with a look, but I just shrugged. “I have to ask. I don’t have enough power to heal a second person today.”
My mom rolled her eyes. “I’m wolfsbane free. Promise.” I nod and slice her wrist, collecting the blood as it flowed. Then slowly I watched the slice heal back up. She looked at the dish in my hand. “Is that enough?”
“Yeah.” I turned to my closet. “I’ll be right back.” She looked confused as I shut the door behind me.
“Where is she going?” I heard her ask Toya before I stepped up and opened the two doors to the cabin. I walked outside, adding my mother to the shield, and then came back. I left the doors open this time and walked back into my room. “What the hell is going on, Amy?”
I walked to the bed and knelt next to Lynn. “Are you ready?”
She cracked her eyes, more awake than I thought she was. “I’ll be safe?” I nodded. “He won’t ever touch me again?”
“I swear it. Derek will never get his hands on you again.” I swore, but then I winced. “Well, he won’t touch you until you want him to.”
Lynn widened her eyes. “I’ll never want him to touch me again.”
“ámy.” Toya and my mother chastised me, but I held up my hands.
“I misspoke. Derek will never get to touch you ever again, and the only time you will have to see him again is when you are ready to kill him.”
I watched the fire ignite in her eyes. “Truly?” I nodded again. She pushed back the covers. “Then I’m ready.” I bent down and wrapped my arms around her knees and shoulders and I picked her up.
Chapter 344
+25 BONUS
“Then let’s go see your new home.” I turned back to my closet and my mother just stood, frozen.
“What is going on?” Her voice was a confused whisper.
“Follow and find out.” I walked into my closet and back towards the door.
“Baby, it’s just extra storage.” She called after us, but I walked through. Toya walked in after me and turned and waited.
“Go bring her to her room. I will bring your mom around.” mouthed a thank you and walked out of my room.
I heard a gasp as I walked out the door. “How is this possible?”
Toya chuckled. “Magic.”
I stepped up to the door that Carly left open. I bent down and placed Lynn’s feet on the ground, using my body to stabilize her as I pushed the door further in. “This is yours.
Lynn looked at me, confused. “Why aren’t you walking in?
I heard the tiny footsteps of Carly. “Because my daddy said you needed a place just for you. So you can feel safe.” Lynn turned around and my mom gasped behind me. “Who are you, little one?”
Carly smiled. “I’m Carly.” Her face dropped, and her bright brown eyes turned white. “Take this rest, warrior, as your time will come sooner than you think. Train your body, mind, and soul. The beta will come hunting, and you will have to face him to find your freedom. And your second chance at life.”
Lynn looked up at me. “You have the shaman?”
Her eyes cleared and turned to face me. “Is it dinnertime soon? I’m getting hungry.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 345
Chapter 345
+25 BONUS
I smiled down at her. “Not yet. I‘ still have to go shopping but I promise, I’ll be back soon.” I pointed down the hall. “Someone came to visit you.” My mom’s eyes were full of tears, but she managed a smile.
“Hey Carly.” She crouched down. “Do you remember me?”
Carly’s eyes lit up, and she ran down the hall. “My daddy called you our luna!” She ran into her arms. “But he also said you were his first pup.” Carly pulled back a little. “Does that mean you’re my sister?”
My mom laughed, but I could hear her pain. Carly’s words sank in. Carl loved my mom like a pup, and looking at my mother, she loved him like a father. A fresh pain crept into my chest. My mom looked up at me. “Another time baby.” I just nodded. She turned back to Carly. “How about you think of me like a grandma?”
Carly’s eyes grew wide, and she looked back at me. “A never had a grandma before.” I smiled.
“It’s up to you, sweet pea. Like I said last night, you get to decide what you call us.”
She nodded and turned back to my mom. “I’d really like a grandma.”
My mom fought her tears and smiled widely. “I would really like a granddaughter.” Carly dove back into her arms.
She pulled back and snagged her hand. “Come look at my room, grandma. Amy gave me all my daddy’s stuff, so I put it all in here.” Carly tugged her across the hall and into her room. My mom followed, laughing.
I turned back to Lynn. “Yes, to answer your question. Carly is the shaman. A shaman that is six years old.”
“Almost seven.” She called from her room.
I laughed. “My mistake. Almost seven–year–old girl who I adopted as her father just passed away.” Lynn stared at me for a minute.
“You have a lot on your plate.” I just nodded. “Too much. I’ll leave.” She pulled away from me and tried to head down the stairs.
“You are too far away from my father’s packs lands to go home.” I omitted the cave portal. “You could go back through the closet, but you would be in the same place as before.” She stopped, and I could see her shaking. “You are not now, nor will you ever be, a burden to me.” She looked at me over her shoulder. “You are my friend, my pack, and I will keep you safe.” I met her eyes with my defiant ones. “I won’t make you stay here if you don’t want to, but I really hope you will. I will help you train. I will help you gain your strength.”
Toya came over next to me, and Wendy stepped out of her room. Toya gestured to her and Wendy. “We will help you.” 
Wendy stepped closer. “Please don’t leave. I know we just met, and I know you don’t really feel safe in your own skin. But allow us a chance.”
Lynn looked away. “I would be useless.”
I shook my head. “Not useless.” I stepped closer to her. “Never useless, never a burden.” I raised my hand and cupped her face. “Plus, I have so much to tell you.”
“About what?”
“Everything.” I whispered.
Toya came up behind me. “We had to keep you in the dark because of where you were, but now, now you can learn the truth.”
Chapter 345
+25 BONUS
Her lip trembled. I could see she was almost ready to agree But she shook her head. “I can’t do that to you.”
Tiny footsteps came behind us again. “You are wounded, warrior. You are lost.” Carly’s voice took on a deeper inflection. Everyone slowly turned to see her white eyes staring back at us. “If you leave, you jeopardize everything, including your life. If he catches you again, and he will look, you will lose everything.” Lynn shuddered.
“No.” She shook her head, and a tear slipped out.
Carly stepped forward. My skin prickled with the magic surrounding her. “You want to run because he made you believe you are not worthy of love, of care, but that is far from the truth.” She raised her hand slowly and gently took Lynn’s. “Let his words fade from your mind. Let the three spirited one in. You will find your peace once again.”
Lynn trembled as she stared down at the little girl in front of her. “Who are you?” The words were whispered but held so much wonder.
“You know what I am, warrior. But I do not think you know what I do. I am a vessel.” Carly looked up. “A vessel for the future, the present, the past. I see all, and I weigh paths. I am the truth bearer, the pathfinder, I am the alpha, the omega, I am the storyteller. I am everything and nothing.” Carly’s voice changed a little and her eyes shifted to darkness. “I am the goddess’s voice, and her will on earth.”
###Next D 346
Chapter 346
Chapter 346
Everyone froze. I looked around and everyone, even my mother, had their mouths hanging open. “Well then.” She whispered as she walked over.
We looked back to Carly, who blinked, and once again her bright brown eyes were staring back at us. I crouched down to her level. “Does that happen often?”
“The goddess?” Her voice was bright once again. She shrugged. “Daddy said she comes when she has a message to deliver.” Carly giggled. “When I have visions, I remember what I see, but when the goddess comes, I don’t.”
“Why?”
“Because she has to put me asleep so she can speak through me. Daddy said it so it doesn’t hurt me. But I don’t don’t mind. She is the goddess.” Carly spun around and walked back to my mom. “Thank you for helping me hang my curtains.” Then she skipped off to her room.
I stayed crouched and I looked up at my mom. “I am out of my depth.”
She laughed. “Every parent feels that way some day. You just happened to feel it on the first day.” She kissed me. Get Lynn situated, then we can go grocery shopping. I assume it’s for here?” I nodded. “Okay. We will get it all figured out.” She stepped around me to Lynn. “You, my dear, I’m sorry this happened to you. I tried my best to help where I could.”
Lynn teared up. “You helped me tremendously, Luna. I appreciate everything you did for me.”
“I don’t want to do this, but I can see something in your eyes.” My mom leaned her head against Lynn’s. “I see you. Do you recognize me as your luna?” Lynn nodded and a tear fell. “Then I command you as your luna to survive this. I command you to live.” There was no power behind her words. It was just her words, and her position to Lynn, that would do anything. My mom pulled back and she cupped her faced. “Live. Get strong, stronger than you were.” Lynn nodded. My mother’s face grew stern. “Then you come back and you kill that motherfucker.”
Lynn chuckled. “I will Luna.” My mom lifted her brow. “I will Ainsley.” Lynn bowed and then turned back to me. Swear that I won’t be a burden.”
“I, Amy Maclean, swear on everything that having you hear will only be a blessing.” Lynn nodded once more, then she turned toward the room and shuffled in. We all stood in the hall and watched as she clicked on the light. She looked around the room and took a deep breath. She turned back, and I saw her lips tremble.
“We will leave you be.” I leaned in to grab the door. “I’ll knock when dinner is ready.” Then I shut the door. I heard her take another deep breath as I turned away. I pretended I didn’t hear her sobbing behind the door as I turned away.
Wendy and Toya both looked sad when I turned around. “Is she going to be okay?” Wendy whispered. I opened my mouth but my mom was the one who answered.
“She went through a lot at the hands of that man.” Her face was blank when I raised my eyebrow. But she shook her head. “I won’t tell you anything. I don’t know. I just got to see the aftermath.”
“Aftermath?” Toya leaned against the wall.
My mom nodded. “Every day she would be summoned to the pack house. And every day she would come back to the house more broken than when she left. I tried to ask her what was wrong, but she would just shake her head.” She sighed and looked down at the ground. “I made the mistake of speaking to Vince. The next day she came back, she couldn’t speak.” My mom looked away and shook her head. “I’ll head back.” She left us there in the hallway.
Wendy looked back at Lynn’s door. “All we can do is to be here for her.” Then we all heard a soft giggle from Carly.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 346
“For them both.” Then she turned and went to Carly’s room
Toya sighed and headed towards the stairs. “Now that I have my phone, I’m going to go downstairs and start a list of groceries we need.” I smiled. “I’ll text it to you.”
“Thank you.” I waved as I headed back to the closet.
My mom was waiting on my bed when I walked back in. “Ready?” She popped up and I nodded. She rubbed her hands together. “Good, cause I really want to give my new baby a spin.” She giggled, actually giggled, as she ran out of the room. I turned back to make sure all the doors were shut before I left my room. Then I locked my door and ran down the stairs. My mom was already sitting in her SUV as I walked out. She honked and rolled down the window. “Let’s go.” I hopped in and we headed out.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 347
Chapter 347
“Where are you going?” I laughed as she swerved around another car.
“The mall.” She swerved again and I slammed against the door, making me laugh again.
“Why the mall?”
“Because I have an idea.” She pulled into the mall and parked.
“About what?” I looked around confused. “Mom, I don’t really have a lot of time here.” I checked my watch. “I have a kid to feed.” I paused. “That’s a weird thing to say now.”
She laughed. “It’s weird to hear. But I swear we are here for a reason.”
“And what’s the reason?”
“We are here to get things we need.” She hopped out, and I followed. “Has Toya messaged yet?” I checked my phone, then shook my head. “That’s alright. We can figure it all out.”
I was so confused. “Okay…” I just followed.
We headed inside, and she headed to the first store. She went around and grabbed a shirt and a pair of jogging pants. She held them up to my body and then nodded. “These will work.”
Then went to the cashier. “Did you find everything you needed?” The girl asked with a bright smile.
My mom smiled back. “We did. Can we get your biggest bag please?”
The girl frowned for a second. Then she nodded. “Of course.” She grabbed the biggest bag and put the sweat suit inside and handed it over after I paid. “Have a great day!” She waved the next person over as we walked away.
We turned and left. But she started towards another store, a giant bag in tow. “Why did you get such a big bag?” I looked down at the bag and she smiled.
“It’s for groceries.” She wiggled the bag in front of me like what she said made perfect sense.
I stopped dead. “What the hell are you talking about?”
She laughed. “Morgan and Shannon are obviously watching you for Vince. Shannon specifically. She is trying to get back on his good graces ever since he found out about Morgan has been pushing people around for her. So she will sell you out faster than you can think. If she sees a ton of food going into your room, she will have questions. And she will whisper everything she sees to Vince. We have to be smart abut it.” She jiggled the bag. “This way, we can sneak your groceries past them like its clothing. You buying a lot of high end clothing wouldn’t raise any red flags, just her jealousy.” She opened the bag and wiggled it again. “We can fit a lot of things in here.”
I looked from her to the bag and then laughed. “You’re a genius.” I bumped her hip, and she chuckled.
“I know.” She winked as she kept walking. “Lets shop.” We went through shop after shop, grabbing bags and random things. But I came to a stop in front of one toy store. My mom kept walking for a few steps before she stopped and turned around. “Babe? What’s up?” She came back and turned to the store. “What do you want from a teddy building store?”
I bit my lip. “Do you think spirits can be heard by technology?” I looked at her and she frowned.
“I don’t honestly know why?”
“Because I think this place has an insert where you can record a voice…”
She frowned, but I saw when she figured out where I was going. “You want to see if you can record Carl’s voice
1/2
Chapter 347
into a teddy bear for Carly?”
+25 BONUS
I nodded. “But I don’t know if it will work.” My mother looked around and pointed down the washroom hallway. What?”
“There is only one way to find out.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me down the hallway until we walked past the washrooms and out a back door, which she put a bag in to keep the door from locking us out. “Call him.”
“But I don’t have the insert.”
“Babe… they use phone calls and voicemails all the time. Call him, record him on your phone to see if it works and then, if it does, we replay it in the store. Bingo, bango we have a teddy ear for Carly.”
I laughed. “Bingo bango? Seriously?”
“Just do it.”
“Fine.” I laughed again and closed my eyes. “Grandma, I’need Carl here to try something for Carly.” 
“What’s wrong?” Carl sounded a little panicked. I opened my eyes to see him look around. “You called me to an alley?” He looked confused as he focused on me.
I shook my head. “I want to try something.”
“What?”
I pulled out my phone and held it out to him. “I want to see if your voice will register on my phone for a teddy near for Carly.”
His face fell. “I don’t think it will, Amy.”
“Can we try?” I clicked on the voice recording app I had. “If it doesn’t work, fine, but if it does.” He closed his eyes, but then nodded.
“Of course.” He sighed and stepped closer.
###Next D 348
Chapter 348
Chapter 348
+25 BONUS
Two hours later, we were pulling back into the driveway and I was exhausted. I was running on a few hours of sleep and breakfast was my last meal. I was hungry and annoyed at everything.
We parked, and I heard a door open, and I wanted to cry. “No.”
My mom looked over her shoulder and I saw her slump. “Deal with this now, or else you won’t have peace.”
I sighed as I hopped out. “Hey Brandon.” I looked at his father. “Alpha Vince.” I turned to my mom. “Do you need my mom?”
Vince shook his head. “No, we are here to talk to you.” He looked at my mom. “Hey Ainsley.” She nodded.
“Hey Vince.” She opened the back door.
“Mom, you can just drop everything inside.” I walked over to hand her my key, but she smiled and jingled her own. I just nodded and turned back to Vince. “What’s up?”
He looked over the bags my mom was bringing into the house. “You went shopping?”
I nodded and smiled. “I haven’t been able to have a shopping date with my mom for a few years. We figured we would do it today.”
Vince smiled. “Toya already gone?”
I knew he was fishing, but I just nodded. “Yeah, we dropped Lynn and Toya at the airport.”
He nodded. “They were able to get a flight that fast?” He looked at Brandon, but I just laughed.
“Goddess no. I called my dad’s jet over.” I laughed. “I guess it’s my jet now.” My mom came back out for another few bags. “It’s weird thinking that everything that was my dad’s is now mine.” I shook my head. “When I was at school, it didn’t matter since we were stuck on campus, but now…” I sighed. “Anyway. What can I do for you?”
My mom walked away with a Dior bag out front, catching Vince’s eye. “Dior? Oh, you went on a nice little spree, didn’t you?”
I laughed. “Yeah. There is really no reason not to.” I turned back to them. “Do you want to come in for dinner? My mom was about to cook.” Brandon smiled and stepped forward.
But Vince put out a hand. “We are just here to follow up on the position we offered you.”
I furrowed my brow. “I’m sorry…”
Brandon smiled. “The one in the letter?” He paused and looked at his dad.
Vince stepped forward. “Yes. I was going to talk to you earlier, but after everything that happened earlier, we waited.” He handed me a folder. “Here.”
I accepted it with a smile. “Thank you.” I opened it and read the letter there. It was an entry–level job offer for the security team. “Wow.” I looked up. “This is generous”
Vince nodded, but Brandon nodded. He stepped next to me, reading over my shoulder. “I know you don’t need to work, but after going to school for it, I thought you would want to use your skills.” He pointed to the letter. “The salary isn’t the best, but you would get an office in the pack house. And you would work under, Lester. He is the genius behind our firewall.”
I smiled up at him. “That would be amazing.” He leaned in and for a split second, I thought he was going to kiss
me.
1/2
Chapter 348
+25 BONUS
“Well, that’s settled.” Vince interrupted, jolting Bradon backward, “If you are settled in back here, you can meet Brandon in the morning at the pack house around eight.” He turned around and headed back to the car. ” Brandon,” He called back. “Let’s leave Amy to settle. She has bags to unpack.”
Brandon sighed, but pulled away. “I’ll see you in the morning?”
I nodded. “See you tomorrow.” My mom came out for another load of bag. I waved and then helped her with the last of the stuff. I heard the car door slam as we headed inside. We had barely made it into the living room before Shannon was running past us outside.
“Hey Brandon.” She called, but we heard the car pull away right after. I followed my mother up the stairs, and we had made it to my room door, before Shannon came running up the stairs. “Why was Brandon here?” She shrieked as she came storming up to us.
I dropped my head back with a groan. “Why are you yelling?”
“Why was Brandon here?” She screamed again.
My mom, the saint, went into the room and dropped her bags, then came and got mine. I leveled Shannon with a look. “Why does it matter?”
“It fucking matters. Why was he here?”
I pinched the bridge of my nose. “Vince offered me a job at the pack house. Brandon is going to meet me in the morning to show me to my office.” I leveled her with another look. “But it doesn’t actually matter, Shannon. Your don’t care why they were here. You care more about Brandon and me having a relationship than you do anything else.” I watched her face tighten. “So I might as well tell you.”
“Amy. Don’t.” My mother tried to stop me, but I kept my eyes on Shannon.
“You don’t care what I do. Just who Brandon is with.” Shannon’s eyes darkened. “But it doesn’t matter because Brandon already asked me to be his luna.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
###Next D 349
Chapter 349 
+25 BONUS
The air in the hallway froze. Her breathing became ragged. You’re lying.” I shrugged my shoulder.
“Maybe I am, maybe I’m not.” I tilted my head. “But does it matter? You are going to think about my words over and over until you find out the truth. Am I telling the truth, Shannon? Does the truth actually matter to you?” I smiled. “Actually, that is the question I want to know. If I was telling the truth and said Brandon chose me to be his mate…would it matter to you? Or would you still mindlessly chase after him and come up with reasons that he should leave me and choose you?”
Shannon snarled. “Brandon is mine.”
I sighed. “I think we both know that isn’t true in the slightest.” My mom opened the door wider than she should have. But she just smiled.
“I put all of your stuff away in your closet.” I nodded. As she slipped past me and headed down the stairs. “I’m going to get started on dinner.” Then she was gone.
I groaned as Shannon was still there, glaring at me. “I’m over this Shan. What do you want me to say?”
“Say that Brandon is mine.” She stomped her foot like a child.
I just shook my head. “I don’t know how else to say this to you, so I am just going to say it.” I grabbed her arms, and I shook her. “Listen to me when I say this.” She glared back at me, so I took hat as her yes. “Brandon was rejected by his mate. He doesn’t want to wait for his second chance mate. If he has one, he wants a mate of his own choice.” I saw her eyes brighten, and I internally smirked. “And the thing you need to take from that…is that even now, when he has his choice of mates. When he is the most open for anyone that might fit the bill, he is looking for in a mate. He had never, not once, ever thought of you.” I watched as the light that was just in her eyes slowly faded.
“Shut up.”
I shook her. “You have never been an option. Not to him, and not to Derek. Derek called you someone they used, like a tool, to be tossed away until you were needed again.”
She fought my grip, but I held on, holding her in place. “Shannon, he was rejected almost three years ago. Do you understand that?” She froze, and I watched the realization creep into her eyes. I nodded. “The first year we were in school he was rejected in the caff. That means all of these years, all of this time, he pushed you away. He could have chosen you as his mate, as I am sure he whispered to you when you were in high school, but his didn’t.”
Shannon’s eyes filled with tears. “It’s all your fault.” She ripped from my grip. “You did this.”
“)
I sighed. There was really no way she was going to listen to me. “Blame me if you must, but it changes nothing. You were never going to be his luna. And I’m not saying I will be either. Just that he asked.” I turned to head back into my bedroom.
“Stay away from him.” She snarled and grabbed my arm.
“I would caution you.” I turned to look at my arm in her claws. “You are allowing your emotions to make stupid decisions for you, ones you can’t back up.” I shook off her arm. “I’ll let it go this time. But if you touch me again. I will kill you.”
She blanched. And Morgan chose that moment to walk up the stairs. He looked between me and Shannon before he sighed and walked over. “What is going on here?”
Shannon looked at her dad and burst into tears. “Amy said she was going to kill me.”
I rolled my eyes and settled against the door frame, crossing my arms. He turned to face me. “Amy, is that true?”
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 349 
I think my brain short–circuited for the first time since living here. “What?”
Morgan leveled me with a look. “Is what Shan is saying the truth or did something else happen?” He was giving me a chance to explain. That was new.
“I told her I would kill her, but it was after she grabbed me and told me to stay away from Brandon. Which I can’t since Vince just gave me a job with the tech department.” I looked down at my arm and her claw marks were still faintly there. “I honestly don’t give a fuck how she feels about Brandon. I am just doing my job.”
Shannon screamed. “You just said Brandon asked you to be his luna.” Morgan turned to me and I just shrugged.
“He asked. I haven’t said yes. But Shannon doesn’t care about that. Shannon only cares that she is the one that ends up with him.”
“You lied again!” Morgan screamed as he whirled on her.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 350
Chapter 350
Chapter 350 
He grabbed her and pulled her into her room, and slammed the door. I pretended to go into my room, closing the door loudly, but then I mumbled a spell that deadened my steps and I crept closer to Shannon’s door,
“Daddy, how could you ask her? Why are you doing this to me, over and over?” She cried as Morgan paced.
“Just stop Shannon.” He screamed, and I heard her whimper. His voice softened, and he walked closer to her. “I already told you.” His voice was barely above a whisper. “We have to play nice. We have to cater to Amy.”
“But why?” She whined, and I heard her hit his chest.
“Shannon!” He screamed. “Just stop. Honestly. Just fucking stop. You will not mate with Brandon.” The frustration filled his voice again. “I am tired of this,” Shannon howled, and his voice dropped to another whisper. “She owns this house, Shan. And Vince needs her close.”
“Why?” she cried, but I knew this was now more of a show than anything else.
“Because he’s the alpha.” His voice boomed, but then he followed up with a whisper. “He dad left her money…a lot of money. And he wants to see how much. To see if it is worth agreeing to a mating with her. But don’t worry, he already said that even if Brandon mates her, you will still be first. Even if it is behind the scenes.”
I heard Shannon sniffle. “But I don’t want to be his secret anymore. When I was his girlfriend, I had status. Now that we are hiding our relationship, no one listens to me.” She sat down on her bed. I heard the bed squeak.
“I know, but we need her resources.” Morgan settled next to her on the bed, and I leaned against the wall. “Gavin left her a ridiculous amount of money, and Vince needs access to it.”
“Why can’t he get into it another way?”
There was a sigh. “If there was another way, he would take it, but Amy doesn’t like Vince, and she is an alpha. He can’t command her, or seize her assets. Believe me, he’s tried.”
That son of a bitch. Nix growled.
We knew he would do this bullshit. Our assets are safe. I sent her calming thoughts.
“Why can’t we just kill her?” Shannon whined, but she was muffled, like her face was in her hands.
Morgan snorted. “We thought of that too.”
Shannon shifted. “If she’s dead, everything goes to Ainsley, right?”
“Yeah, and if it was last year when she was in love with me, I would have already agreed. But she has pulled away since the night of Amy’s run.” He growled softly. “She hasn’t forgiven me.”
“Seriously?” Shannon sounded surprised. “But you are sleeping together again.”
His chuckle was dark. “Because I threatened her.” My fist clenched. “Or I should say I had Vince threaten her, and I came to her rescue.”
Shannon chuckled. “She is still believing your act?”
He chuckled softly. “Vince plays the villain so well. How could she not?” He sighed. “But just because she is back in my room, doesn’t mean she is allowing me in.” He groaned. “She doesn’t even allow me close. There is this stupid pillow wall between us.”
“The kudzu?” Shannon stood and walked towards the door. I needed to leave, but I wanted to hear this.
“Failed, the first time Lynn got in the way. So I made sure Vince and Derek dealt with her.” My fists clenched. He
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 350
was a part of the reason.
He won’t be spared when we burn this place to the ground. Megan snarled as snapped her teeth.
Nix trailed out of the trees. No, he won’t.
I nodded once, but refocused on the people in the room. “The second time, she dumped it out. Like she doesn’t trust anything I give her.” I wanted to snort. It’s because she doesn’t.
“Do you have any more?” Shannon’s questioni had me freezing.
“Yes. Just one more dose. I need to figure out a way to get it into something that Amy hands her. That way, she won’t second guess it. But…” He trailed off.
“But what?” Shannon walked away from the door and I crept closer again.
“I need you prepared.” Morgan started.
“Prepared for what?”
“Brandon took the rest. He is planning on using it on Amy
“What!” Shannon shrieked.
Morgan must have grabbed her, because I heard a grunt. “Listen to me.” He fought against her. “Vince made some bad investments. They need to get Amy’s money.”
“He’s mine, daddy, you all promised.” Shannon started to cry.
“I know. And Brandon still cares about you. I told you he was going to push you away, so Amy thinks he is done with you. We needed the space for her to warm up and get close to him.” He sighed. “I promise he misses you and that once she is pregnant, he will come back to uyou.”
“Why does she have to be pregnant?” I heard a few sniffles. “Why can’t they just mate and then have him kill her?”
###Next D 351
Chapter 351
Chapter 351
My blood ran cold when I heard her words. My mind flashed back to my first life. Strapped to a table while my child was ripped out of me.
That will never happen. Nix growled out.
Megan ran her side down the barrier. We are sinarter and more prepared than they are. We will not fail in our mission.
Their calm, matter–of–fact voices helped me shake myself from that life, that nightmare I lived before.
‘Amy isn’t stupid. She would ensure most of her wealth would go to her mother.”
“You are married to Ainsley.” Shannon was confused, and Morgan sighed..
“Yes, but if she inherited billions and Amy was dead, she would disappear. Specially now.”
“Why?”
Morgan sighed again and I had to stop my laugh from escaping. “Because she doesn’t love me anymore. She might have stuck around before I fucked up, but not anymore. She would have no reason to. Vince’s only bargaining chip is Amy. It’s how he threatened her when she first came, and early this year. If Ainsley doesn’t perform basic wifely duties, Amy can be taken as a slave. Well, she could have been until she graduated and became a fully integrated member of society.”
“And now?”
“Now he has threatened to kill her.” I felt my fist clench again, but a smile spread across my face.
“Do you think he would win? Vince, I mean. Amy is strong. Morgan laughed.
“Vince killed her father, Gavin. He can kill Amy.” The world stopped.
Holy fucking shit. Nix’s words were soft.
Amy, go back to your room. Now. Megan’s words jolted me from my stupor.
I ran back to my room, and had just silently shut the door when Shannon’s door opened. I leaned against the door with my eyes closed. Holy goddess, did that just happen? I was vibrating. This was the first actual admission that Vince was somehow involved with the rogues.
I needed to speak to my father. I grabbed the bags on the floor, the ones my mother left inside my room. I think she assumed she wouldn’t be able to cross, and I ran to my closet. I ran downstairs, bringing the bags with me and dropping them on to the table.
Toya came down the stairs, confused. “What’s going on?”
“One minute.” I ran upstairs for the last of the groceries and then came back. Wendy and Toya were already putting stuff away. “You will never fucking guess what just happened.” I was out of breath with my excitement.
“What?” Wendy paused, putting something into the upper cupboard.
“Morgan just admitted that Vince was the reason my father died.” I jumped up and down.
Wendy looked at me, confused. “But he’s not dead…”
“I know that. You know that. But Vince and Morgan think he’s dead.”
Toya grabbed another bag, pulling the shirt from up top. “I was going to ask you about this.” waving the shirt
1/2
+25 SCHAUS
around. “But how did Morgan admit Vince was behind their deaths in the first place?”
I pulled the last bag to me, pulling the groceries from it. “He was placating Shannon.”
“Why?” Toya lifted a brow.
I laughed. “Because I told her Brandon asked me to be his luna.” I grinned.
“You poked the bear.” Wendy offered, and I nodded again.
“Yepp. I poked the bear. And I’m happy I did.” I leaned against the table. “It started just to piss her off. Which I love to do. Did I tell you she wanted me to buy her a car?” I shook my head at Wendy’s wide eyes. “I know. And Morgan has been siding with me, which I found strange, but I was going to give him the benefit of the doubt. I knew he was trying to get back on my mother’s good grace. But that wasn’t it at all.”
Toya straightened. “What do you mean?”
“All this time, I thought he was trying to win her back because he loved her.” I shook my head. “Until I graduated, they were still trying to control my mother by threatening me. They could still use the old laws to make me a slave if my mother didn’t,” I air quoted. “Fulfilled her wifely duties.” Both Wendy and Toya groaned.
“Seriously?” Wendy rolled her eyes.
I just nodded. “His exact words. But now they can’t. I graduated and I have officially inherited my father’s pack and lands. Even if I can’t move there.” I pulled out a chair. “Then Shannon asked why don’t they just mate me with Brandon and then just kill me off.”
Toya and Wendy both pulled out chairs, the food forgotten. “And?” Wendy leaned in.
“They discussed it! But Morgan said that all of my money would be inherited by my mom and she would disappear, as nothing would be holding her to the pack. And he is one hundred percent correct. They know they wouldn’t get shit.”
“So…” Toya furrowed her brow and leaned her head in her hands.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 352
Chapter 352
Chapter 352
I ran my hands along the table. “So they are trying to use the kudzu again. Morgan is going to try to slip some into a drink for my mother that I hand her, so she doesn’t question it. And Brandon is going to try again, now that I work at the pack house. They want me to mate him and get pregnant because they know if I have a pup, then everything would be given to the baby.”
“And Brandon and Vince would have access to your money, Wendy finished, and I pointed to her.
“Exactly.” I looked at my friends. “Then they said they would kill me. Shannon asked if Vince would be able to kill me, because I was so strong and Morgan, the dumbass that he was, laughed. He said that Vince killed my dad. He could kill me.”
Wendy waved her hands. “Wait.” We both turned to her. “Your dad’s pack was supposedly taken out by rogues.”
I smiled. “Exactly.”
Toya stared down at the tabletop for a minute before she looked up. “So you are saying that Vince is somehow behind the rogue attacks?” I nodded.
“I mean, I already thought it, but this is the first time we have confirmation.” I knocked on the table. “And-”
“Amy you’re home.” Little feet flew down the stairs and we all turned.
“Hey sweet pea.” I opened my arms, conversation forgotten. “How’s your day been?”
I
Carly dove into my arms and crawled into my lap. “It’s been okay. Is dinner ready?”
I laughed. “Not yet. We just got the groceries.”
Toya was staring at Carly, and she smiled. “What are you thinking, Aunty Toya?”
Toya jolted back, surprised at being caught by a six–year–old. “Nothing, pup, just surprised.”
“Why? About what?” She poked.
Toya debated before she answered. “I’m just surprised that you are so comfortable with us already.”
Carly’s face fell, but she nodded. “Does it make you feel bad?” She looked up, surprising all of us.
“No.” Toya shook her head and came over and kissed her head. “Nothing you will do will make me feel bad.” She knelt next to my chair. “I’m just worried about you. Do we make you feel uncomfortable?”
Carly thought about it for a while before she shook her head. “I know we just met…” She leveled Toya and Wendy with a look. “But I have seen you in my dreams for the last few years. I have seen you alone, with Amy, or others. I have seen your best times, your worst times, and all the stuff in between.” She looked down at her tiny fingers.” I’ve lived this before. I miss my daddy, but…” She looked to me and I nodded.
“When you spent years getting ready for the pain, it doesn’t make it better, but it makes it almost easier.” I looked at Toya “If I had to relive my first life, knowing full well what was going to happen, it wouldn’t lessen the pain, but it would be easier to see it through.” Toya considered my words and then nodded. “But I like my idea better. Revenge.”
Wendy stood. “I’ll go get dinner ready.” But she came over to Carly. “I’m happy that you are so comfortable with us.” Carly smiled and watched her walk into the kitchen.
Toya stood and kissed her. “I am too. I just don’t want you to feel you have to be. You are allowed to mourn the way you need it.” She turned. “I’ll help Wendy cook. Goddess knows the chick needs help with spice.” Then she turned and left.
1/2
+25 BCAUS
Chapter 352
Carly wiggle down and she was about to leave when I called after to her. “Before you go, I go, t you something.” I pulled out the bag that I kept hidden and handed it to her.
She looked at me with wide eyes and crouched over the bag What’s this?”
“A present. Open it.” She squealed and pulled the bear out of the bag. She held it out and looked him over. “He’s wearing a flannel, like daddy.” I nodded. She pulled him to her chest. “I love him.” She squeezed the bear tightly.
“Hey baby girl.” Carl’s voice crackled from the bear. “I love you so, so, much. I know I’m not there where you can see, but I am always with you.” Her eyes snapped to mine, and she squeezed the bear again. “Hey, baby girl.”
“Daddy…” She buried her head into the bear. Toya and Wendy both came out of the kitchen and watched Carly hug the bear. “Is that really daddy? His voice?” She looked up at me with eyes full of tears.
I crouched down next to her. “Do you think I would do all this just to lie and say it was his voice?” I shook my head and I rubbed her cheek. “I called for him to help, and he showed up. We were sure it was going to work, but whether it was magic, or the goddess, we got his voice.”
She squeezed the bear again and closed her eyes when Carl’s voice rang out. “Hey, baby girl.”
###Next D 353
Chapter 353 
I sat on the porch with a glass of wine, watching the sunset over the water. The sky was a dark blue with a dusky pink over by the fading sun. The door opened, and Wendy and Toya settled next to me. “Carly?” Toya took a deep drink from her wineglass.
“In bed.” I sighed and wiped my face.
“Back in her make shift canopy bed?” Wendy took a smaller sip from hers.
“Yeah.” I sighed. “My mother went crazy with the blankets Wendy and Toya laughed. “She used to do the same in my room when I missed my dad. She sent for blankets and made this blanket fort over my bed.” I closed my eyes and I could still smell it. “It made me feel safe, and like I was back with my dad.”
“It helped that much?” Toya swirled her wine and looked over at me.
I nodded. “The tents layer the scent inside. You are surrounded by it.”
“And she has her bear.” Wendy sniffled.
“Are you crying?” Toya turned to her, and she nodded. “Why?“.
She laughed. “Is it bad to say that I’m jealous?”
We both turned to face her, and she stood, pacing away from us. “My dad, I lost him when I was young, and my goddess, do I still miss him? But I didn’t have his scent, or a teddy bear with his voice. And I know it’s stupid to be jealous of a little girl who had to watch her father die. But I am.” She turned to us with tears on her face. “I wish I could hear his voice again.”
“Wendy.” We both stood and hugged her. “It’s okay to feel that way.” Toya pulled back. “It’s okay to miss your dad.”
She nodded, but her sobs broke a little part of me. So I tried something I had never tried before. I tried to call Wendy’s father to this side of the veil. I wasn’t going to say anything, because I honestly didn’t think it would work. I didn’t even know his name.
“Wendy…” I wrapped my arms around her. “It’s okay.”
“Lady bug?” I felt Wendy freeze. Toya and I looked up to find a man with Wendy’s eyes and crazy hair standing at the other end of the porch. “Is that you?” His voice was hopeful, and I felt my friend tremble. She slowly turned and faced the man.
“Daddy? Is that really you?” Her words were a whisper, but I could hear the hope in her words.
He looked around, and then back at her. “I don’t know how I’m here. But yeah, it’s me.‘
Wendy sprinted from us to him in a second, and I winced as she tumbled through him. “Wendy.” I called after her as she hit the wall. “It’s just his spirit. I can’t bring someone back, not really.”
“But it is my dad?” She looked between me and him.
I raised my shoulder in a shrug. “I don’t honestly know.” She looked at me, and I could see pain in her eyes. “I wish I could tell you for certain, but I’ve never met the man I can tell you I called for your father specifically, and this is the man that showed up. I can also tell you that if I have called someone forward, they show up. But yo will have to tell us if he is your dad.”
Wendy looked at the man, and leaned in closer, staring deeply into his eyes. The more they stood next to each other, the more I could see the similarities. Toya nodded to the door and I agreed. We turned and grabbed our glasses of wine and then turned back when Wendy whispered. “Tell me something only you would know.”
1/2
He leaned in and wired “You have a big tours you nickname*
“Daddy” dated, but Toy and I were bodking car
I snorted and mouthed the words Lady Beg, and thus toys the Langet, and win dat wel friend, only to find her dad ailing mud Wendy kend by buy?” toplot
“Shut up!” Wendy cried.
We both laughed. But I grabbed Toye “You guys talk. 1 do
row row long this will stands toets wat you ar
to waste your time together,” I pulled Toye towards the do, and Wendy mouthed the words. Tonky tone
Toystows winked and dosed the door,
“That was a really nice thing for you to do Toys ended
smit to far sex
I shrugged. “I didn’t know if it would even work, but I and tried it did I shook my bed bluebutty 1 took another deep swig from my drink.
Toya followed suit. And then she looked towards the Kitchen “0000” I looked at her and the wfrom ” both agree we are going to call her ladybug from now on,
“You bet your ass we are.” We both threw back our heads and started laughing
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 354
Chapter 354
Chapter 354 
+25 BONUS
I walked into the pack house early the next morning and walted near the door for someone to stop. An omega approached me with her head turned down to the ground. “Alpha Amy?” Her voice was a soft whisper.
“Yes?” I turned to face her fully, but she refused to look up. “Can I help you?”
“Yes. The Alpha’s sent me here to get you.”
“What’s your name?”
“Winnie.” She was still focused on the floor.
“Do you not look up, Winnie?” Even to myself, I sounded confused.
She looked up in confusion. The black eye stood out on her pale skin. “I’m sorry?“.
I reached out, and she shied away from my touch, but I followed her with quick steps. I wrapped my fingers around her chin. I tilted her head up, staring at the bruise on her face. “What’s this?” She tried to pull away, but I held her close. “I would stop pulling away, Winnie. I don’t want to accidentally hurt you as I figure this out.” She froze in my hand and her eyes grew wide. “There’s a girl.” I turned her face, this way and that, looking at the swelling and colour of the bruise. “This looks pretty painful.” I met her eyes. “How old are you, Winnie?”
“What?” She shook in my hands.
I smiled and used Nix to calm her down. She pushed out a pheromone that calmed young wolves. “How old are you?”
She settled, and then I saw her lip tremble. “I just turned eighteen.” I tilted my head. Why was she here? Omegas rarely start working until after they find their mates. The need to nest would be too strong.
“What are you doing here?” I whispered, and I saw her flinch. “You should be nesting.”
She looked panicked, and she tried to pull away again. “Please.” She whispered. “Please don’t make this a big deal. It will only be worse.”
I felt my inside bunch up. Something was going on with her, but I let it go. “Of course Winnie.” I leaned in next to her, and I kissed her eye, sending a pulse of magic to heal the bruise. I sealed the floor around us so only she could hear my next words. “I’m not a stupid man. And I will not allow this to continue.” I pulled back enough to look her in the eye.
“I’m a slave. Please don’t make a big deal about this.” The word slave hit me in the chest.
“Are you nesting?” I ignored her words. She looked away, but I pulled her face back. “I won’t make a big deal, but I need you to be honest with me now. And quickly. The alphas won’t wait. Are you nesting?” She wouldn’t meet my eyes, but she nodded. “Has your heat come?” She shook her head. I swallowed the bile for my next question. Have you been…touched?”
Her eyes snapped to mine and I saw her fear. “No, but I won’t be spared for long. The Alpha said he was growing tired of my mother. But he made a deal with her. He said he would wait for my first natural heat before he touched me.” She trembled. “I can fell it coming. I have a few days at most.” A tear welled up in her eye.
I wiped the tear away as it fell. “Meet me here tomorrow morning, same time. Can you do that?” She nodded. But I shook my head. “You word, Winnie. Give me your word.”
“I promise.” I saw Brandon come to the top of the stairs and I pulled away, whisking the spell away with a finger twitch. I flicked my eyes to the top of the stairs and gave Winnie a look. She thankfully knew what I was saying. “If you can just follow me, Alpha Amy.” She turned and gestured behind us towards the stairs.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 354
I looked up and pretended that I was seeing Brandon for the first time. “Good morning.” I smiled wide and started up
the stairs. “Were you waiting for me?” I walked up the rest of the stairs and went to his side. He looked from me to Winnie.
“Why were you two standing there?” I looked back at her and I frowned.
“I just walked in and she came up.to me, but I think I scared her. My aura was slipping because of last night.”
“Last night?”
I nodded. “Shannon was up and throwing a tantrum, telling me to stay away from you.”
Brandon turned back to me. “She said what?” His words were clipped.
“She said to stay away from you. I explained that this was my job, and that we would have to be around each other, but she still said you were hers.”
He clenched his hands. “What did you say to that?” He faced me fully, Winnie, thankfully forgotten. I looked away, down the stairs, embarrassed. “Tell me.” He grabbed my hand and pulled me closer.
I looked up at him through my lashes, and I batted my eyes. “I told her the truth.”
“What truth?” He looked down at me, and I watched his eyes dilate.
“I told her you already asked me to be your luna.”
###Next D 355
Chapter 355 
Brandon stared down at me for a few moments before a soff smile broke out on his face. If I knew him less, or was a little stupider, I might have fallen for that face. I might have given up everything in my last like to see him smile at me like this. But this time, this time, I wanted to punch him in his stupid, smirking mouth.
“Have you considered it?” His voice sounding hopeful. Too hopeful.
I smiled softly and looked away. “I have. I still want to meet my mate.” I watched his fate fall. “But…” I looked back and leaned in. “I would be open to spending more time with you to see if we are compatible.”
“But if you are waiting for your mate…” He pouted.
I shrugged. “I’m open to possibilities. I don’t know how long mates will take. Never mind second chance, mates.” 
His eyes snapped to mine. “A second chance, mate?”
I nodded and looked away. “I haven’t told anyone. But when I turned eighteen, I met my mate.” I looked away and allowed my face to fall. I remembered my first life. I remembered the pain, and I allowed my tears to spring to my
eyes.
“He rejected you?”
Hooked up and nodded. Let him believe that the man rejected me. “I don’t even know why. I didn’t even get to
speak with him.” I looked down at my hands. “He was passing by my father’s pack and he rejected me and moved on.”
Brandon slid his hand into mine. “Why didn’t you tell anyone?”
I cut him a look. “Do you know how embarrassing it is to admit your mate just rejected you, didn’t even speak to you about it, just cut you free and ran?”
He leveled me with a look. “Yes. Yes, I do.”
I let my face fall, and then I nodded. “I guess you do.” There were footsteps behind us and hen a voice cleared. We both startle. I turned to face Vince and I smiled. “Alpha Vince. We were just about to come meet you.” 2
Vince looked between Brandon and I. “It’s okay. I thought there was something holding you up.” I shook my head and stepped away from Brandon.
He followed. “Amy was just explaining the issue she had with Shannon yesterday.” His voice was warm, could hear the edge.
but I
“Issue?” Vince turned and started down the hallway. He looked back. “I’ll show you to your office and your supervisor. Hopefully, you two will get along and you can bring some fresh blood into our security.” I just smiled and nodded. But Vince was already focused back on Brandon “Issue?”
Brandon stepped up next to me and nodded to his dad. “Shannon was upset about the job offer you gave to Amy, and demanded she stay away from me.” I nodded.
“I understand she is the daughter of your beta, but she has grown really attached to Brandon. She was screaming about how he was supposed to be hers, and that I needed to stay away from him. She demanded I turn down the job.” I looked down at my hands. “If this sis too much, then I will. I don’t want there to be any more fighting at my house. My mom and Morgan already have issues, and I don’t want them to divorce.” 
Vince stumbled over his feet. “Divorce?” He looked back at me, and I nodded. “There’s no way your mom is actually considering a divorce.”
I sighed. “I know. It’s hard to believe. Her and Morgan have been so strong for so long, but he really messed up the
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 355 
night of my first run. She said it shattered all the trust she bad in him.” I looked up at Brandon. “After what my father did to her, you can understand why trust would be so important to her. To me.” I looked back at Vince. “She said now that I’m old enough, if things don’t change, and Morgan can’t earn her trust back, she is done. She is already thinking about what pack she would transfer to.” Vince, who was walking in front of me, came to a dead stop and I slammed into his back. “I’m sorry.” I blushed. I knew Vince had stopped, but I was staring at Brandon and I walked into his back on purpose.
Brandon bit his lip to stop the smirk that was twitching on his lips. I could see the pride in his eyes. “What did you just say?” Vince’s voice was dark.
“I said I was sorry.” I looked back at Brandon and then away. “I wasn’t paying attention to where I was walking” “No.” Vince turned and I could see barely contained fury. “About your mother.” 
“Oh.” I smiled, ignoring the anger in his eyes. “That she was looking at transfer options. She gave Morgan the time line of me getting out of school to win her back and he hasn’t done it.” I shrugged. “I expected her to leave, but she told me she was giving him another shot.” I smiled. “She doesn’t want to leave, but she will.” 
C
###Next D 356
hapter 356
Vince stared at me for a few more seconds, the wheels turning in his mind, and then he nodded. “I actually just remembered I had things I have to do. Brandon. Bring her to the security offices and introduce her to Rick. Her office is the one on the right.” Vince smiled. “Settle in. Rick will know what to do.” Vince turned around and went to leave but turned back. “I’m sorry I won’t be able to settle you in, but as long as you come in, do your job, and help this pack, you won’t have to worry about your position here.”
I nodded and then bowed. “Thank you Alpha Vince.” Then he was gone, leaving me alone with Brandon. I turned to him and smiled. “Where to?”
Brandon came around from behind and took the lead. “This way.”
I nodded and followed. “So Rick?”
Brandon looked over his shoulder. “An old wolf. Smart. His daughter is sickly, and my father takes care of her.” I could feel my stomach clench. Vince wasn’t the caring alpha.
“That’s sweet of him.” I followed him down the rest of the hallways and to a door. I did my best to keep up the conversation, but my mind was already spinning about Rick and his sickly daughter.
“This is it.” I came to a stop behind him, and I smiled. But internally, dread has settled in my chest. I had no idea how to get here. I wasn’t paying attention. Fuck.
Don’t worry. Nix snorted. I know the way. She shook her head. You know your father would be disappointed you allowed your training to fail you so badly.
She was right. He used to make me work on word problems and math as he took me through a maze he built as a pup. It was to keep my sense of direction sharp, even if I was blindfolded or not paying attention. I think we should start training like that again. Nix nodded and then nudged me to focus.
Brandon was staring at me. I panicked, but Megan chuffed out a laugh. He asked if you were ready.
“I’m ready.” I smiled and Brandon. “Sorry. I’m nervous.” He turned to look at me with a raised eyebrow. “It’s stupid I know.”
He released the doorknob and turned to face me fully. “Nothing you feel is stupid. But talk to me.‘
I leaned against the wall and started to pick at my nails. “You know my dad was the one who told me to go into computer science, right?” He nodded. “I loved my dad. Even though he was a shitty mate, he was an amazing dad and alpha. He taught me everything I know about being an alpha. And now that he’s gone…everything I do is to make him proud.”
Brandon grabbed for my hand and squeezed. “That’s understandable…but I am still a little lost.”
I sighed. “This is the beginning. This door.” I gestured to it. “Is the very beginning of my career. One I have dedicated to my dad. It’s the start of learning how to keep my pack safe.”
Brandon furrowed his brow. “You spent the last two, almost three years learning how to do this job.”
I nodded. “I know. But this, this is making it real, and I’m freaking out. What if I suck?” I pushed as much uncertainty as I could into my voice.
He laughed. “You are one badass alpha.”
I nodded. “I know how to be a badass alpha. Being able to create a security system that holds up is completely different.” I smiled. “I told uyou it was stupid.” I hit his arm lightly.
He grabbed my hand and squeezed it again. “I know you, and I know you are going to do amazing. I promise you,
1/2
Chapter 356
you will make your father proud.” I nodded and took a deep breath.
+25 BONUS
“Thank you.” I closed my eyes and took another deep breath. “Okay. I’m ready!” I pumped my other fist, making Brandon laugh again.
“Let’s go.” He intertwined our fingers and opened the door. I pretended to pull my hand from his.
“Brandon.” I hissed as I tugged again, but it just earned me smile.
We stepped into a square office with a desk to the left. A sweet–looking omega sat at the desk there and waved her hand. Brandon pulled me to the desk. “This is…” Confusion flashed across his face.
“I’m Omega Alannah.” She stood and bowed. “I handle the calls and schedule. I also handle all the office like tasks around here.” I smiled.
“Nice to meet you.”
Brandon called back to the open door on the left. “Rick, this is Amy. Your new disciple.” Rick groaned from inside the office and I heard him move back a chair.
“For the last time, I do not want nor need a disciple.” There were a few heavy steps before a big man with graying hair at his temples came around the door frame. He came to a stop right outside the door. “You’re Gavin’s kid.”
Today’s Bonus Offer
GET IT NOW
X
###Next D 357
Chapter 357 
í tilted my head to the side and nodded slowly. “I am.” I smiled. “Did you know my father?”
The man chuckled, the little extra he had around his waist jiggling with it. “Yeah, I know your dad. How is the old bastard?”
I froze, and I forced tears to spring to my eyes and I looked down at my hands. “He passed away in a rogue attack a few years ago.” I looked up and I let one tear drop. “But you are right, before he went, he was one old bastard.” I smirked and wiped the tear away.
The room was silent or a few minutes and Brandon leaned over and whispered to me. “It’s okay.” He rubbed my arm with his hand. I smiled up at him and nodded.
“I’m sorry.” Rick sighed and rubbed his face. “I didn’t know.” He came over and stood with his hands in his pockets. “Now I normally hate any person Vince forces on me, as I feel like he is going to force me out once he has young blood in here. But for Gav, I’ll take you without complaint.”
I laughed, sniffling along the way. “Sounds good.”
Brandon turned, but then stopped as a ring sounded. He pulled his phone from his pocket and I watched his eye twitch as he glanced at me. “I have to take this call.” He turned to Rick, whose gaze was narrowed on Brandon’s screen. “Rick, can you show Amy to her office and help her get settled? She has to get set up with the new laptop.
I smiled and nodded as the phone rang again, and Brandon’s jaw clenched. He gave another nod. “I’ll be fine.” I waved him off. “Go.”
He sighed and turned to leave, and I caught a glimpse of his screen. I smirked when I saw Shannon’s name flash over the display again. “I’ll be off. Have a good day, and I’ll come visit when I can.”
I gave a tiny wave as the door shut, and then I turned to look at Rick. “I’m at your disposal.” I smiled, genuine this time. But something had Rick upset. I could see it on his face. He took a deep breath and sighed as he looked at me.
“Follow me.” Rick brought me into a nice enough office. There were some nice windows that overlooked the training ring where I could see Derek training with the warriors. I felt my stomach clench as he took his top off and howled. “Never mind the boys, girlie. They won’t help you in here.”
I laughed the first of the day. “The boys won’t distract me unless you are talking about me criticizing their shitty training.” Rick turned to me with a soft smirk on his face. “My father would roll in his grave if I was ever distracted by shitty training and shittier men.” Rick looked at me for a minute and then nodded.
“Your father was a good man, and a better alpha.” He pulled out my chair. “Now sit, I’ll get you logged on to the servers, and then I’ll see what you can do.” I sat, and we got to work. A few hours later, he looked at his watch and sat back. “Now that you’re logged in, I have a test.”
I sat back and cracked my neck. “Okay.” I turned my chair to face him. “What’s the test?”
Rick held up a finger and then walked out, coming back with a stack of papers. “This is the test.” He placed them down in front of me and I leaned in. I paged through the stack and looked up at Rick.
“This is…cat and mouse.” I looked back to the papers. “You want to play cat and mouse?”
Rick smirked. “I do.”
“Why?” I leaned back, tapping the page. “How long do I have to hide from you?”
He laughed. “You aren’t the mouse…I am.”
I sat back. “I have to catch you?” He nodded. “How long do have?”
1/2
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 357
He smiled. “You have the rest of the day, IF you can catch me.‘ 
I smiled. “Challenge accepted.” I bent over my keyboard. “I’m ready whenever you are.”
“You’re excited?”
“Hold your horses.” He laughed. “I need thirty minutes to hide somewhere in the mainframe. I’ll send Alannah for our lunch, and I’ll hide while we eat. When we are back, you can come find me.” He seemed very giddy.
in-
He nodded. “Honestly, I am.” He pointed to the computer. “I’ve watched you navigate the systems, and I think that you might have the skills to give me a run for my money.” He knocked on the desk. “Now, read the rest of the packet. There is more information in there that explains the game more in depth. Like, what happens if you find me?” Then he turned away and left. But he came back. “Remember to give Alannah your lunch order? I just put mine in.” He grinned as he disappeared around the corner again. I just smiled.
###Next D 358
Chapter 358
I was digging into my second sandwich when there was a soft knock on the door. I looked up to see Alannah staring down at the floor. “Alpha Amy?” I put my sandwich down and smiled.
“Alannah, please, I am serious. You can just call me Amy.”
She shook her head. “Alpha Vince likes the distinction.”
I sighed. “Okay. What can I do for you, Allanah?”
She bowed again. “Alpha Brandon is here to take you to lunch…” Her eyes flashed in terror as she looked at the food on my table..
“Send him in.”
Brandon came in a few seconds later but stopped short. “Oh..” He looked back and I heard Allanah running back to her desk. “I didn’t realize you were already eating. I wanted to take you out for lunch on your first day.‘
I smiled and winked. “I’ll have to reschedule. Maybe we can go tomorrow. Today, I have a date.” I rubbed my hands together and checked the time.
Brandon furrowed his brow and walked over and sat down. A date? With who?”
I looked up, surprised to hear the jealousy in his voice. “With Rick.”
Brandon’s mouth fell open. “You have a date…with Rick. Old man Rick? Seriously?”
I laughed. I laughed so hard tears fell from my eyes. “Wait.”
“I don’t see what’s so funny.” He started to pout.
I laughed harder. “Wait. Wait. Wait.” I wiped my eyes and then heaved a deep sigh, trying to catch my breath. Brandon growled. “I’m sorry, it’s not what I meant.” I wiped my face again. “It’s not a date, date.” He finally stopped pouting.
“What do you mean, then?”
I smiled. “Rick wants to test me. He’s currently finding a spot to hide a bit of code in the mainframe, and I have to find it and try my best to find and eradicate the hidden code.”
“Oh.” Brandon looked out the door. “Like a test?”
I nodded. “Exactly. He’s testing me and seeing how good my abilities are. That’s why we had lunch a little early. While I finished eating, he laid his code, and once the time limit is through, I can start hunting.”
“You’re excited about this…” Brandon looks at me, confused.
I nodded, excited. “I am. I have a friend that I play around like this. They have honestly helped me so much in finding hidden code, and I am super excited to give Rick a run for his money.”
“A friend?”
I nodded, then lied. “A girl who is human.” I watched his eyes widen. “We met online, and she helped me with my course work since she went through the same course years ago. Like a mentor.”
Brandon’s mouth was hanging open. “Your friends with a human woman?”
I shrugged. “Sorta.”
1/2
Chapter 358
“That’s crazy. What do you guys talk about?”
1 chuckled. “Server maintenance. Web site design. She helped me set up business in my first year.”
Brandon leaned in. “A business?” Nix and Megan rolled their eyes.
This whelp of a man is so predictable. Nix shook her head.
I know. Say a friend, he thinks man. Megan chuffed. Say human and he loses his mind.
Say business and he zero’s in. Predicatable. I tossed back.
Nix whipped her tail across the ground. But we don’t actually know anything about Thoth.
True. I focused back on Brandon. But he needed to think Thoth was a woman, otherwise he would make my life even more difficult. Both my wolves nodded and turned away.
I nodded to Brandon. “Yeah, I help humans build websites for their businesses. It’s a fun little side job.”
“How much money do you make?” 1
I thought about it. “I think last year I made a couple hundred.”
“Oh, so little?” He chuckled.
“I mean, yeah, I was still in school. But five hundred thousand dollars is not really chump change.” I laughed. “It was a nice little boost into my investment portfolio.”
“You made five hundred thousand dollars from your side business?” His words were soft.
“Uh huh.” I bit the side of my cheek to stop the smile. “Yeah. It helped build up my portfolio for school, so the money wasn’t really my goal. I needed a better portfolio for my finals.” I shrugged and pulled up a program on the computer. “I just took the money and invested it. I don’t even know what my investments are at.”
There was a knock on my door and we both turned. Rick opened the door and his smile faltered when he saw Brandon. “I’m ready whenever you are, Amy.”
“Awesome. I’m just going to finish my sandwich and then I’ll start.” I saw Rick vibrating with excitement. I laughed and glanced at Brandon. “I should be less than fifteen minutes.” Rick nodded and knocked again before he left.
Brandon turned back. “He is actually excited by this?”
I nodded. “I am too.” I grabbed my sandwich and took a bite
Brandon sat back and watched for a few minutes, but I busied myself with my food. “Tomorrow then, keep your lunch open, okay?”
“Will do.” I smiled up at him and then turned back to my computer. He stood and then with another look, he turned and walked out of the office. As soon as he was gone, I hopped up and ran to the door. “Alannah.” She looked up. “Tell Rick it’s on.” I winked at her, earning a soft smile, and then I ran back to my computer.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 359
Chapter 359
The door to my office busted open. “Holy shit.”
I smiled as I sat back. “What?”
“You found me!” Rick rushed in and rounded my desk. I felt my face pinch as he came close. Before I could think, he had me in his arms and he was jumping. Literally jumping. “I can’t fucking believe it.” He seemed to freeze and then placed me back down on my feet. “Sorry.” He backed away with his hands raised. “Sorry, I just…it’s just.” He blushed, and I chuckled.
“What?”
“No one has ever found me. Shit, half the guys Vince shoves in here can barely make it past the first trap I threw at them.”
I threw my head back and laughed. “The firewall that turned on me?” He nodded. “Seriously?” I furrowed my brow, and he just nodded again. “But that was easy.”
He tossed his hands in the air. “Exactly!” He yelled as he spun in a circle. “I told Vince every damn time that they failed, it was the easiest trap to unravel. But no.” He finally walked around my desk and sat down. “I thought…”
“You thought I was just going to be yet another disappointment.”
He sighed as he sat back in the chair. “I really did. Even when I saw you were Gavin’s daughter, I thought since you were here, you were going to fail.” He looked around, and I knew.
Nix? I turned inward.
Yeah. She trotted from the trees.
I don’t know his wolf, but is there any way you can go ask him if the offices are bugged?
She chuffed out a laugh. You doubt me? Be back in a second. She turned and ran
“Even my dad didn’t buy me any leeway?” I laughed.
back into the trees.
He blushed deeper and then froze for a millisecond. “Not in the least. I learned a long time ago to never give credit before someone earns it.” He tapped my desk. “I have no problem taking you under my wing.” He stood.” Brandon should be here any minute to walk you home.” He headed for the door. “I’ll see you in the morning?” He raised a questioning brow.
“You bet.” He left as Nix came running back. So?
She was pissed. Every office is bugged, camera and sound. The computers all have key loggers and spywear, so Vince knows exactly what is going on.
Okay. That was honestly expected. What has you riled up?
Vince. She shook down her fur. He doesn’t trust us, but I could tell his wolf wanted to spill. So I prodded.
And?
He said he wouldn’t tell me anything.
Why not?
Rick’s wolf wouldn’t even tell me his name. All he kept saying was that he wasn’t going to risk his mate and child. I felt my anger spike.
Chapter 359
Was he playing with us?
No. Nix shook her head. He was petrified that anything he told us would get back to Vince. The only reason he told us about the cameras and spywear, is because he was never told it was a secret to keep.
I wanted to growl, but there was a knock and my door swung in, revealing Brandon standing there with flowers. ” Congratulations on your first day!” He walked in with a huge grin. “How was it?”
I stuffed my anger away and jumped up. I walked around the table and gave him a hug. “It was great. I had a lot of fun, and I know I have a lot to learn.” I looked down at the flowers. “Are these for me?” I looked up at him through my lashes.
He smiled and nodded. “You deserved them.” He handed them to ine and I hugged them to my face, taking a deep breath.
They smelled of mildew and rot, much like this pack, but I Beamed up at him. “Thank you.” I wrapped my arm around his waist again. “I love them.” My phone chirped, and I pulled away, grabbing it from the desk. “Everything okay?” Brandon leaned over and I sighed.
さん
“Yeah. My mom called for a ‘family dinner‘ to clear the air. I rolled my eyes and sat against the table. “I don’t know what I should do.”
“What do you mean?” Brandon settled next to me.
“Shannon wants me to turn down this job and have nothing to do with you.” I wiggled my phone. “Even if my mom is pissed at Morgan, Shannon is still her daughter, and he is still her husband. She wants us to get along.” I sighed and slid my phone into my pocket.
“I can understand that.” He nodded. “What are you going to do?”
I looked at him and bit my bottom lip. “I had a lot of fun today, and I enjoyed seeing you. But I won’t make my mom’s life harder. I’ll let Shannon win.” I sighed and stood
“Wait what?” Brandon reached for me.
I nodded. “I stayed away from you in highschool because Shannon loved you and I didn’t want to make my mom’s life harder. I know you want me to be your luna, but I love my mom too much to hurt Shannon like this.”
He looked panicked. “Let me walk you home, and I’ll talk to your mom and Morgan. Fuck, I’ll even talk to Shannon. I don’t want to lose you because of this.”
Bingo.
Chapter 360 
###Next D 360
Chapter 360 
We walked down the street hand in hand. Every so often someone would stop and stare, but I ignored the looks, until we turned down my street and my mother was pacing outside the door.
“Mom?” We walked up, and she turned. I watched her face shutter when her eyes landed on Brandon.
“Hey baby, how was your first day?”
I looked up at Brandon. “It was great. Why are you out here?”
My mom heaved a sigh. “Morgan is talking to Shannon again, and it isn’t going well.” She winced when another scream could be heard.
I nodded sadly and turned to Brandon. “I’m sorry.” I pulled the flowers closer. “I can’t.” I looked to the house. “I really like the job, and you are an amazing friend, and…” I trailed off.
“And what?” He pushed.
“And maybe we could have been a good mating pair, but I can’t do this to my mom’s family.” I stepped back. “I know you wanted to talk to them but I don’t think it’s a good idea.” I turned to leave, but my mom stopped me.
“Actually, I think it is.” She nodded to the house. “Go on in. Maybe she will listen to you and stop trying to control everyone around her.” My mom reached for me when I went to . “He knows what he wants, Amy.” She nodded, and Brandon turned to head inside.
I waited until the door closed and turned to my mom. “You are amazing.”
“He’s stupider than I thought he would be. But this should give us a window of peace.” I nodded and then we headed inside together.
Brandon was in Shannon’s room as I walked to mine, and they were fooling no one with their whispered moans. But I just held my laughter in as I pushed in the door. My mom followed close behind me. “I’m going-”
“To stay right here for now. Brandon will stay for dinner.” She flicked her eyes to the closet, and I nodded.
“I’ll just send a quick message.” Then I ran to the cabin and Toya and them to eat without me. I promised Carly I would be back for her bed–time story and then I grabbed my laptop.
My mom nodded at me before she turned to leave. There was a soft, steady thumping from next door. “They think
door. they are being quiet, but you can hear everything from in there.” She grimaced as she walked to my
I shrugged. “At least they are trying to hide it before it was just loud grunting. It was gross.” I laughed as she shivered and left. I crawled into my bed and opened my laptop. I jumped through the few hoops we had in place for our messaging and then finally a black screen jumped to life.
A blinking grey cursor waited for my first input.
NixtheGoddess: Hey are you up?
Within a minute, there was a soft ding.
Thoth: For you, always. How was your first day?
NixtheGoddess: Better than expected, and worse.
Thoth: What happened?
NixtheGoddess: I met someone my father knew, but there is something fishy about it all. Brandon was bugging me all day.
1/2
Chapter 300
Thoth: Was there cameras like we expected?
NixtheGoddess: Yep. Exactly like you said there would be… How did you know?
Thoth: Vince is predictable. What did Brandon do?
NixtheGoddess: Kept showing up. But it worked in my favor in the end.
Thoth: Why?
NixtheGoddess: Because I told my mom before work to call for a family dinner. I knew Shannon was still going to be throwing a fit, because that was just who she was. Whether or not she gets her way, she just can’t help it.
Thoth: Okay…? I’m still lost.
NixtheGoddess: He was there, giving me dying flowers, and I told him I couldn’t keep the job. And I won’t be his
luna.
Thoth: I still can’t believe he just asked you like that.
NixtheGoddess: Right? Like WTF… Anyway, I had my mom poke the bear, so to speak, and have Shannon lose her mind. Brandon walked me home to ‘talk sense‘ into her and Morgan..
Thoth: Did it work?
NixtheGoddess: Right now he is currently pumping sense into her.
Thoth: 
I laughed out loud. Sometimes Thoth was lost.
8
NixtheGoddess: They are trying to be quiet, but the thumping of her head board against my wall makes it pretty clear they are…together.
Thoth: He’s having sex with her? Seriously?
NixtheGoddess: Yupp. Anyway, it doesn’t matter. This will give me some peace and I can work on getting closer to
Rick.
Thoth: Good. The faster you figure this all out, the faster your dad can come back.
I sat for a minute nodding, like somehow Thoth could see me.
Thoth: Anyway, let me know if you need anything. I’ll get it shipped to you.
NixtheGoddess: … Are you ever going to tell me who you are?
I waited for a few minutes, but no answer came. Apparently that was a no.
X
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 361
Chapter 361 
Six months later…
“Good morning Alannah!” I swung into the office with a slam, startling our poor omega. But the swish of bags had her hopping up and coming around the desk.
“Amy, what’s all of this?” Allanah rushed to my side and pulled the bags from my hands.
“This is your birthday presents.” I squealed as I pushed her to her desk.
She stumbled over her feet, and Rick mosied out to see what the commotion was. “What’s going on?”
“It’s Alannah’s birthday!” I screamed as I pushed her back into her chair.
“I know.” Rick smirked and turned back to his office.
Alannah sat confused as the bags sat at her feet. “Amy, I can’t accept these.”
“Of course you can. You have been my secretary for a few months now, and you never mess up my lunch.” I smiled big and then leaned in with a whisper, “and don’t think I don’t know the extra attitude you have been getting from Brandon. He’s been in a mood recently and I know you have had to take the brunt of him aura when he comes in here swinging.”
She looked up at me with tears in her eyes. “It’s my job.”
I shook mine. “It’s your job to serve, not to be abused. And I know I’ve not been the one abusing you, but my boyfriend.” I nearly gagged at the words. “But it is my job to apologize for him.”
She shook her head. “You have been amazing to work for. This is all too much.”
“Well, then you probably won’t like my present either.” Rick came in with a bag in his hands and dropped it at her feet. “Happy birthday Alannah.”
She looked at the pile of bags and then back at us. “I don’t know what to say.”
“There is nothing to say. Just open the gifts.” I pulled out a chair and slid it to Rick. Then I pulled another and sat down. I picked up one bag and handed it to her. “Open.”
She sniffled and nodded. “Okay.” She opened everything one by one. “This is amazing and way too much.” She looked at the gifts on her desk. I just clapped. “I’ll take one and then you guys can return the rest.” She went to grab the sweater I gave her, but I shook my head.
“You will take everything we gave you. You deserve it.” I pointed to the pile of things, “Each one of the gifts is something you or your mate need.” Her head snap to mine. You thought I didn’t notice, but we aren’t stupid.” I pointed to the clothes. “You always were the same clothes to the office. So we got you more options.”
“The ring?” She turned to Rick, who blushed.
“We over heard Ternen last month.” He looked away as Alannah turned away.
“Hey now.” I grabbed her hand. “Don’t look away. And goddess, please do not feel like you or Ternen have to be ashamed. Rick and I talked it over. You both deserve this.” Rick nodded. He pointed to the man ring in her gift bag from him.
“I took Ternen ring shopping. He picked out his ring for himself. You just have to give it to him.”
Alannah wiped her cheek. “You took him ring shopping?”
Rick nodded. “When I met my mate, I couldn’t afford a ring for our mating ceremony.” His eyes grew misty. “But
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 361
Shelly didn’t care. She loved me just for me.” He looked back at Alannah. “I was exactly like Ternen. And it took a male smarter than myself that smacks some smart into my brain.”
Alannah looked confused. “What do you mean?”
“I started down and dark spiral because I felt like I wasn’t taking care of my mate properly because I couldn’t give her everything she deserved. Sound familiar?” She nodded and looked down at the floor. “It took my alpha.” Rick looked at me. “Your father.” I felt my face freeze. This was news to me. “He took me to the mall, and bought me rings for me and Shelly, and then he laid into me.” He chuckled. “And UI did the same to Ternen. I smacked him a little and gave him some good advice. Hopefully, he will do exactly what I did with it.”
“What was that?” Alannah asked.
“I got over myself, asked for a little bit more help, and I went to school. Ternen is a smart kid, and he has a ton of potential. I made a life for my mate and my pups. He will too.” Rick turned to me. “Your dad saved my life, and I hope you are exactly like him.”
I smiled. “I try to be.” He nodded and then went back to his office, leaving Alannah and I to our thoughts.
Chapter 362 
###Next D 362
I was deep into programming a new firewall when there was a tentative knock on my door. I looked up to find Alannah standing there, looking a little lost. “Are you busy Amy?”
“For you? Not at all.” I saved my progress and sat back. “What’s up?”
She stepped in to the office. “There is someone that wants to come talk to you, but I don’t want him too.”
I lifted my brows. “Why not?”
She looked down. “It’s Ternen.”
I smiled. “Send him in.” I leaned my elbow on the desk. “I wanted to ask about his day yesterday.”
“What, why?” Herr head snapped up.
“Because Brandon said he was going to give him a new job in the house. I wanted to see how it went.” I watched her body tense and her face fall. “What’s wrong?”
She shook her head. “It’s nothing.”
“No.” I had a sinking feeling. I stood and walked around my desk, grabbing her hand and pulling her to sit. “Sit.”
“I can’t.” She turned to look at the door. “Ternen is waiting” I pushed her into the chair and walked to the door, opening it.
Ternen stood with his back to me. “Ternen, come here.” He turned, and I saw his face was still molted green, yellow, and light purple. “What the.” I held up my hand and waved him off. “Just come here.” I opened the door and allowed him in. Then I went to grab Rick. “Hey. Are you ready?” His eyes held a bit of confusion, but he nodded.
He slid his chair back and nodded. “Of course.” I went back to the office with him, his eyes landing on Ternen and Alannah. I felt him stiffen, but he didn’t react past that. “Hey guys. How’s everything?”
Ternen and Alannah just smiled. “It’s okay.” His voice was softer than normal. Rougher. Like he screamed for too. long. I felt my anger spike, but I pushed it down.
“Since everyone is finally here, let’s go to lunch.” I smiled as I grabbed my bag. Alannah and Ternen looked confused, but Rick nodded.
“Sounds great. The reservation is in thirty minutes.” Rick, the genius of a man, played along. He patted his pockets and nodded. “I’m ready.” He walked to the door, then turned back. “Amy, can you drive today? My mate has our car.”
“Of course.” I smiled widely and grabbed Alannah’s hand, “It’s birthday lunch!” bounced, forcing myself to be upbeat as Ternen did his best to hide his face. “Let’s go.” We walked to the door of the main office, but it swung open before Rick got there.
Brandon stood there, almost panting. “Hey.” He smiled widely, but it never reached his eyes.
“Hey baby.” I let go of Alannah’s hands and walked up to him, giving him a hug. Earning a growl from Megan. Sorry. I sent back to my wolf. “What are you doing here?”
“I came here to take you to lunch.” He smiled down at me, but I pulled away.
“I’m so sorry. But I told you yesterday that Rick and I were taking Alannah out for lunch.” I pouted as I stared up at him. And I had told him. Wasn’t actually planning on going anywhere, but I just wanted space from him. Every day, he came to have lunch. I was tired of it, so I lied and said we planned on taking Alannah out for her birthday.
1/2
+25 BONUS
Chapter 362
Brandon looked down. “I must have forgotten.” Then he snapped his head up and smiled. “I’ll just tag along.”
I dropped his hand and crossed my arms, pouting. “If you come, then everyone else won’t be able to relax.” I looked at him through my lashes. “I have lunch with you every day. You promised me I could go with my friends today.” I sounded like a petulant child. But somehow, this is the only way I can get what I want from Brandon. He has to see me as a child. Which, in all honesty, opened a new disgusting aspect to the man.
It’s because he is a fucking child. He doesn’t understand adults talking shit through. Megan huffed as she retreated into the trees, leaving after one final crack at him. He’s just so fucking pathetic. I can’t fucking look at him anymore.
“You don’t want me to come with you.” He tried to pout.
“That’s not fair.” I turned my back to him. “I told you yesterday, the two omegas won’t feel comfortable around you.” I turned and pointed. “It took Alannah four months to stop calling me alpha.” Then I pushed tears into my eyes. “You promised.”
Brandon opened his mouth but Shannon busted in the door. “There uyou are.” She squealed and then froze when
she saw me.
Brandon turned to face Shannon, and I could see the anger just below the surface. “Why are you here?” His words were light, but I could see he was about to lose his mind.
Today’s Bonus Offer
###Next D 363
Chapter 363 
Shannon stepped back from whatever she saw on his face. “Amy told me about her birthday lunch, and since we all have become so close, I figured while she was busy, we could have lunch together.” She looked at his face, and winced.
But I jumped at the chance. I stepped to her side and wrapped my arm around hers. “Shannon, that is honestly the best idea.”
She looked at my arms around hers. “It is?”
Brandon’s face morphed into a mask of confusion. “It is?”
I nodded. “Shan is right. I mean, we have spent the last six months working on our friendship. And it’s made our relationship that much easier to go ahead with, knowing that we aren’t going to fight over you.” I smiled up at him and he considered it.
I could see the exact moment he decided to go to lunch with Shannon. The exact moment he figured out he could have a little afternoon rendezvous with his lover, since I give him nothing. I saw the heat enter his eyes and knew I
had him.
“Okay. Okay.” I wanted to clap. “I give in. Go have lunch with your friends. I’ll have lunch with Shannon here. Plus, we have things to discuss.“.
“I know.” Shannon smiled as she slid next to him. “I mean, your mating ceremony is in a few short weeks.” I felt my stomach clench, but I smiled and nodded. “We have so much to still go over for the ceremony.”
I nodded. “I know. I am so excited.” I leaned in to kiss Brandon’s cheek. “Soon I’ll get to kiss your lips.” I whispered next to his ear, and I heard him groan. I sat back with a satisfied smile on my face. I didn’t want to touch him at all, but teasing him was honestly fun. “But you are right. We still have a lot to pin down.” I turned to Shannon. “Thank you for helping with it all.”
Shannon smiled, but I could see the hatred in her eyes. “Of course. You are my sister, and Brandon is my best friend. You have everything going on here, so I do what I can.” She gripped her arm through Brandon’s. “You ready to go?”
He looked at me for a second and then back at Shannon. I could see the exact moment his brain switched off. He wanted to know what the hell we were going to talk about. I knew that’s why he came running over here. But Shannon and the potential for sex turned all that worry off, and that was perfect for me.
“Yeah, I’m ready.” He turned to me and kissed my forehead. Ugh. “I’ll see you after work? We can go over to the bakery to select the cake.”
I nodded. “Sounds perfect.”
They left, and I turned to everyone waiting. I grabbed for Alannah again. “Now let’s go. We don’t want to miss the reservation.” I winked to Rick, and we left the pack house, climbing into my truck and took off. As soon as we turned off the main drive. I pulled over.
Alannah’s brow furrowed. But I turned to Ternen. I pointed to him. “You.” He looked around and then pointed at himself. “Yeah you. What the hell happened to you?”
Ternen looked away. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
I looked around, and I could see it in their eyes. They liked me, but didn’t trust me, not fully. I swung back around and pulled away from the curb. “I know you don’t trust me. And I don’t blame you. So I will ask for a vow of silence before I tell you my secrets.”
Chapter 363
All three of them turned to look at me. “You have a secret?” Rick raised a brow as I nodded.
“I do.” I sighed. “But it involves too many others to tell everyone. I need your vow so that you will be forced to keep it. Even if you are commanded by an alpha.”
Rick turned in the passenger seat to stare at me fully. “So if we take the vow, no matter what, someone won’t be able to force the truth.”
I nodded. “Exactly.” I looked back at him. “If it makes you more comfortable, I’ll take the vow as well.” I glanced at Rick. “I‘ don’t mind and that way, anything we discuss at this lunch will be kept a secret.”
“You wouldn’t be able to tell Vince or Brandon?” Alannah leaned over the seat.
“Nope.” I smirked. “Even if I didn’t take the vow, they couldn’t command me to tell them anything. They are too weak.” I chuckled as the rest of them gasped. “I don’t seem it, because I can keep my aura under control, but I am very strong.”
Rick chuckled. “That doesn’t surprise me. Your mother and father were a pair to behold.”
We pulled into the mall’s parking lot, and I turned off the truck. “Are you ready?”
###Next D 364
They all stared back at me with different looks on their faces.
Alannah leaned closer to Ternen. “Will the vow hurt?”
I shook my head. “No, it’s just a vow to the goddess to keep whatever we say here secret, even under threat of command or death.” Alannah paled. I reached through the middle and held out my hand. “Don’t be scared. It doesn’t mean you will face death. It just means the goddess recognizes your sincerity for secrecy and she makes it so that we can keep our secrets.” I smiled back at her.
Ternen nodded. “I’m ready, but I don’t know what to say.”
I pulled my hand away and I turned in my seat, so that my back was pressed against the door. “I, Amy Maclean, vow to keep your words from everyone excerpt the goddess. I swear that nothing you say that could be used against you to cause harm will leave my mouth. Only the goddess will know our secrets and I beg her to keep them for us.” I felt the acceptance of my words settle in my chest. I nodded to Ternen, and he repeated my words.
“Holy goddess, I felt this warmth hit my chest. What was it?” He looked at me.
I grinned. “That was the goddess accepting your vow and agreeing to keep our secrets.”
Ternen rubbed his chest, awe still on my face. “That was…amazing.” He turned to Alannah. “It felt like total acceptance.”
Alannah looked amazed as she took her own vow. She ended up rubbing her chest too, tears brimming in her eyes. “I’ve never talked to the goddess before.”
I leaned my face against the seat so I could meet her eyes. “Maybe it’s time you started.”
We all turned to Rick. “I don’t know.” He seemed hesitant.
“Why?”
He looked back at me, and I could see the need in his eyes. The need to trust. The need to vent. He was a man full of need. But he closed his eyes and pulled away. “Because what if we get questioned about what we talk about and instead of telling them about a lunch, we just clam up?” He shook his head. “That would fuck us over even more.”
I tilted my head. “That’s not how this works.” I looked out the window. “Say we go have lunch. We talk about all our secrets. But in between we have small talk, or the server asks us questions. If you are commanded to talk about the lunch, your vow will automatically select the innocuous random questions we discussed. Like the wether, or family issues. Say we talked about my family, in detail. If you were asked, you would just say we talked about my dad. That you remembered old stories about him. I looked back at Rick. “Innocent facts the goddess selects so that nothing can be inferred or used against us.”
“Seriously?” I nodded.
“The goddess will do whatever it takes to keep the oath.” I smiled.
Rick looked between me and the two in the back before he nodded. “Okay.” Then he said the oath. Once he was finished, his hand shot to the middle of his chest. “Holy hell.” He sighed as he sat back. Then he looked at me. How do we discuss this in public?”
“Easy.” I winked. I stepped out of the truck and waited for them to hop out,
“That doesn’t actually tell us anything.” Rick growled as he caught up
with me.
(( 
I laughed. “It’s a long story. And it might make you look at me differently, and that’s‘ okay, But I swear, I would never hurt you or any of your families.” Everyone just looked at me, slightly confused and very much on edge. I
Chapter 364
+25 BONUS
smiled. “Let’s sit down before I get into it.”
They followed me in to the steak house. “Hi, is it just the four of you?” The hostess smiled and grabbed the menus. “Yeah.” I nodded and looked back. “If it is at all possible, can we have a table away from everyone else? If not, it’s okay.”
“Of course. It’s our lunch, but it’s dead today. I’ll give you our back booth.” She turned and beckoned us to follow. We made our way through the restaurant until we ended up in the far back
corner. “How’s this?”
“Perfect.” I slid into the booth, shifting inwards until I was near the back. Alannah slid on the other side, sliding in next to me. With Rick and Ternen sliding in after us.
“Your server will be with you in a few minutes.” Then we were let alone.
I quickly sealed the area so that no one but us could hear what we were talking about until they came with in the circle. Then I turned to everyone. “There we can talk without being heard.”
“How?” Rick leaned in and the froze. “Hello?” Then he looked at me. “Why is there an echo?”
“How well did you know my father?” I countered.
“I mean…I want to say well, but you have me feeling like it’s not well at all.” He looked closer at me. “Now, why is there an echo?”
###Next D 365
Chapter 365
I leaned in. “How much do you all know about magic?”
Rick leaned back in his chair and laughed. “Like charms, voodoo, and Hollywood CGI?”
“Magic isn’t real, Amy.” Ternen smirked and shook his head.
But Alannah was quiet. She leaned in and looked at me. “There are witches that live in the woods near my old pack. They are real,
and if you cross them, they will come after your family.” She looked away. “But the witches worked with our pack, and they save
us more time than I could count.”
“Really? Then what happened to your pack?” I sat back. But I held up my hand before she answered
“Hi y’all. I’m Stephanie, your server. Can I get you started with something to drink?” She went around and got our drink orders,
then she left us alone. I turned back to Alannah and nodded.
“Our alpha’s son seduced the priestess’s daughter and then found his mate. It wouldn’t have been an issue, but the priestess’s
daughter ended up pregnant.
“Oh, no.” The server dropped off our drinks and grabbed our orders, then left us alone again.
Alannah took a sip of her drink. “Even that would have been fine. The witches would have understood. They were just happy for a
child, but the alpha son’s mate refused to accept it. Even if the witch’s babe would never be seen in the pack.”
I slapped my hand over my mouth because I knew what was going to happen. “No.”
She nodded. “The mate snuck into the coven and killed the daughter and her babe. The priestess, she was broken, but still she did 
not attack us.”
Rick leaned in, completely caught in the story. “Im confused. I know your pack was wiped out.”
Alannah nodded. “We were. I escaped because of one simple fact.”
“That is?” Ternen wrapped his hand around Alannah’s,
“I was close friends with the witch’s daughter. When the rogues came and attacked, the witches came and watched. The alpha
begged for their help, but the priestess shook her head. She said she refused to save the murderer of her child and grandchild.” 
She shook in her seat. “She gave us one shot. She said she would save us if we pushed out the girl. But the alpha’s son refused,
they were left to fight for their lives. I ran, and the witch saw me. She called me to her side and then brought me to the next pack,
Vince’s.”
“Witches are… real?” Ternen looked at his mate and we both just nodded.
“Very much so.” I agreed. Then I turned to Rick. He was staring at Alannah.
“The woman that dropped you outside my house….”
50 
Popte 208
Alannah nodded. “She made sure I was somewhere she thought I would be safe.” Ternen snorted.
“Shwe picked the wrong pack for safety.” (1)
Alannah looked up at me. “I don’t know Ternen, I think we are right where we needed to be.”
I smiled at her and grabbed her free hand. “You are.”
Rick looked at us. “Why did you bring up magic?”
”
+20 Bonus
“Because my family, my father, is descended from a witch.” I snapped my fingers, and a flame jumped to my finger. I watched it dance along my hand and then I pulled Alannah’s hand toward me and placed the flame in her palm. “And I have magic.”
Everyone was glued to the flame. It danced in Alannah’s hand, changing color, and never burning her. I snapped my fingers, and it disappeared right as the server came up with our meals. “Holy goddess.” Alannah took a long drink from her glass. “Why are you telling us?”
“That’s a fantastic question.” I took a drink of my own drink and cut into my steak. “I could go into detail about my life, my power, and what is happening. But we only have lunch, so let me hit the highlights.”
Rick nodded. “Sure.”
”
“Vince is almost definitely involved with the extermination of the lycans. He is also believed to be the driving force behind the eradication of the packs that were attacked by rogues. There is a group of wolves believed to be working with the rouges. Some go as far to say that the enormous pack of rouges that conveniently live in the haunted caves by my father’s pack isn’t actually rouges at all but men and women that left the packs of the alphas involved to work behind the scenes.”
Vince, are behind the rooms-
“What?” Ternen furrowed his brow. “Are you saying that certain alpha’s How?”
I nodded. “It’s believed that the alphas got together behind the king’s back and selected men devoted to them, asked them to leave the pack, to become rogue, and then work together to bring down other packs.”
“Why would they do that?” Alannah asked.
Rick gripped his knife tightly as he wiped his mouth. “Because what happens to the wolves left over? What happens to their stockpiles of goods…their money?”
D
###Next D 366
Chapter 366
Ternen looked at me. “I don’t know what happens…”
I sighed. “The wolves are sent to stronger packs, beefing the numbers of the alphas trying to take over. Same with their
resources. 
+20 Bonus
“Wait.” Alannah shook her head. “How does that happen? Doesn’t the king have to make that decision?”
Rick’s knife dropped when the realization hit him. “No.”
I turned to him with a nod. “Yes.”
“What is it?” Ternen looked at Rick.
“The king usually makes the decision. Or he used to. But since the old king died, the council took over allocating resources.” Rick
turned to me with dawning horror. “The council?”
“Yeah.” I lifted my shoulder. “Or we think the council.”
“We?” Rick forgot about his food. He was invested.
“My father, me and Rowan…the king.” I took a long sip of my soda.
“Wait a damn minute.” Rick slammed his hand on the table. “You said your father was dead.”
“And to Vince and Brandon, that’s exactly how he has to stay. Dead.” I put down my cup. “Vince and whoever else he is working with sent attack after attack to take down my father. He sent a she–wolf witch to use magic to get him to betray his mate’s bond. To betray me. They infiltrated and turned his gamma, for fuck sakes. My father needed to move in the shadows, and a way to keep
our pack safe.” 
Rick looked away. “I didn’t mean it like that. But he is my friend.”
“I know. Which is why I asked about bringing you into the loop. But I needed permission. I can’t jeopardize everything we are working towards just because I like you guys”
Rick turned back and nodded. “Why are you bringing us in?”
“Because I think you need my help. And I think I might need yours as well”
Something entered Rick’s eyes. “What do you mean?”
I smiled. “I’ll get to it. But I want to start with Ternen. You wanted to see me today. Why?”
Termen turned pale. “1, 1, 1.” He looked at Alannah.
“Hey.” I reached across. “What tever you want to ask me, just ask.”
He took a breath. “I was talking to Rick. He told me he was able to
his life together because of your dad and the help he gave
him.”
+20 Bonus
Rick nodded. “That’s true.”
Ternen looked at Rick, who gave an encouraging nod. “I hoped that maybe…” He looked back at me and then shut his eyes tight. “Would you be willing to lend me the money I need to go to school for computer science?” His eyes snapped open, and he rushed to continue. “I swear I’ll pay it back.
Yes.”
“And I’ll pay you back with interest.” He continued as if I didn’t already agree.
“Ternen.” I reached across and grabbed his hand. “I already said yes. And you don’t have to pay me back”
“I swear I
I’ll m make
? 
payment
schedule. ”
“Temen!” I snapped him out of his monologue. “I already said yes. And you won’t have to pay me back.” He looked at me, slowly blinking as if he was short circuiting.
“What?”
“Yes, I will pay for you to go to school.” I smiled. “When did you want to start?”
“Um…I still have to ask Alpha Vince if I can go. I mean, even
if I got
got fired, I still have to ask.”
I couldn’t have known.”
Rick and I froze. “What do you mean you go fired, boy?” Rick’s words were angry.
Alannah looked down at her hands and then up at me. “Amy, please don’t feel bad. You o
“What?” I looked between the two. “What exactly happened?” A pit had opened in my stomach.
“Brandon came to me after you
you all had left for the day. He said you talked to him about moving me.”
“I did. I heard from Alannah you guys were about to lose your apartment, so I figured if you moved to a higher paying position, you guys would be okay. I didn’t think Alannah would take money from me.” I looked between the two.
“That son of a bitch.” Rick slammed his hand against the wood, and that made everything click for me.
“The bruises….they were f 
from Brandon?” I looked at Ternen. He nodded.
“He said that I should keep my mouth shut when I’m around you. That if I wanted a new position, I could go find one. And since he is the next alpha, no one would hire me.” He looked down at his hands. “He said the only reason Alannah is safe is because of me, and once I’m gone, he will ‘take her for a spin‘.”
Rick growled and went to stand, but I pulled back down. “If anyone gets to kill Brandon, it’s me.”
“Why? You’re dating the prick.” Rick growled at me. “Why would you kill him?”
I felt myself sink into my dark space. “Because he killed our pup.
###Next D 367
Chapter 367 
+20 Bonus
Everyone at the table froze. Rick leaned in. “What the hell are you talking about? You don’t have a pup.”
R
“Oh I know.” I sighed. “My bloodline is blessed by the goddess. By two goddesses, I should say. I am descended from the first family. My wolf-”
Don’t mention having the both of us. I trust them, but the less they know, the better. Nix shook her head. 
They are all under the vow. I shot back. But Megan settled next to Nix.
I agree with Nix. Don’t overload them. Just stick with the magic for now.
“My wolf is descended from the goddess. And my witch heritage is blessed by the three faced goddess. And with the blessing comes a gift.” I took a drink.
“A gift?” Alannah finished her steak. “What kind of gift?”
“My father’s line has a second chance.” I twirled my knife.
“A second chance?” Rick pushed his empty plate away and I nodded. 
“I have lived my life before, you see. I was twenty–four when my mate strapped me to a gurney. He strapped me to a bed, and he had our doctor cut me open, taking our pup from my body because he believe Shannon. She told him I had cheated, and the pup wasn’t his.” I took a drink from my shaking hand. “She lied, of course. I was faithful. But he had betrayed our bond, marked my stepsister, and killed our pup.” I looked back at everyone’s faces. “I died on that table. I died while cursing my mate. And then I wolte up on my eighteenth birthday, the day I was supposed to meet my mate. And I ran to my father’s pack, so I didn’t have to face him until I could protect myself.”
“Who was your mate?” Alannah asked, and I could only smile.
“Brandon was n
my
mate. He cheated on me with my sister and killed our pup. So this time around, I am determined to kill him and
everything he holds dear.” I could feel the rage in my blood.
“Then why are you with him?” Rick was genuinely confused, and I wanted to laugh.
“Because the king and my father needed me to break into Vince’s firewalls from the inside. Because I needed to get close and Brandon was an easy in. Because Vince and his son crave power and money more, then anything else and I have plenty of both.”
Rick leaned in with a new gleam in his eyes. “Why are you telling us all of this? I mean, it’s my job to keep people out of the mainframe.”
“You Do
I nodded. “Like I said, I think you need my help and that you can help me.” I stared at Rick. “You need help.”
Rick sucked in a breath through his teeth. “What do you know?”
+20 Bonus
“Nothing. But I can see it in your eyes. Every day you come in a little more desperate. Just a tiny bit more worried. You need help and you don’t know who to turn to.” I reached across the table. “Let me help you.” I squeezed. “I promise I will help you, even if you can’t help me. I would never expect that from you.”
I felt him shudder. “My daughter is sick. I told you.” I nodded. “Vince holds her medicine hostage.”
Alannah gasped, “How can he do that?”
kto
I laughed, but it was dark. “Vince will use anything to hold power over others.” I turned back to Rick. “What’s wrong with your daughter?”
“We have been told that it’s the withering.”
I frowned. “How old is she?” I had a sinking feeling.
“She is ten.” His shudder was intense. “She is only
I sat back I closed my eyes and I flipped through my book in my mind. Withering wasn’t something that was experienced by a child of her age. “She is too old to be affected by the withering.”
“I know. But when she was born, she was fine, strong. It was only when we relocated here that she became sick ”
My eyes snapped open. “What did you say?”
Rick’s brow furrowed. “She became sick when we moved packs. The doctor said it was probably because we lost so much family in the attack, she started to wither away.”
“How old was she when you had to move here?” I finally got to the page in my mind.
“She was about five.” He looked at me. “Why so many questions?”
“The Withering only effects babies. Not toddlers or young children. But…” I trailed off and skimmed the page I had in my mind. It was a spell, much like the withering. “There is a hex, much like the withering, but this hex needs to be cast on a child in person. And it takes an hour to cast. But it needs to be renewed every month with an elixir.”
D
###Next D 368
Chapter 368
+20 Bonus.
Rick’s breathing turned heavy. “An elixir?”
I nodded. “A tiny tonic that renews the hex, but also extends the life of the victim. The hex eats away at the victim. If the person
doesn’t have the cure or the elixir, they die. If the elixir is taken too many times, the victim dies.”
Rick grabbed my hand. “How many times is too many times?”
I bit my lip. “I don’t know. It changes person to person.”
Rick nearly collapsed. “How do I find out if it’s the withering or whatever this hex
“There would be a symbol on her. It fades the closer to the elixir time. After the elixir, the marking becomes darker. It’s can be small or big, any way to confuse other people.” I grabbed a napkin and pulled a pen from my purse.
“What are you doing?” Temen leaned close.
I looked up. “Rick doesn’t know who or what to believe. His child’s life hangs in the balance and so does his mate.” I turned to
him. “I didn’t say any of this to confuse or worry you. I just want you to have all the facts. When you first moved here, did Vince or anyone have access to your daughter for more than an hour alone?”
Rick’s mouth flailed as he thought back. “It’s been years.” He closed his eyes. “I don’t know.” His eyes opened. “I don’t know. We had paperwork and work ups. We needed to see doctors and there was just a lot going on. I think me or my mate was always with
her, but I just don’t know.‘
“It’s okay.” I grabbed his hand and squeezed. “It’s okay.” I slid him the napkin. “Take his home tonight. And looked your
daughter over from head to toe. Even under her hair. I know it might be hard, but this is the symbol.” He looked at the napkin and 
sat back, dropping it on to the table.
Alannah reached over and grabbed it. She looked up at me. “This is the symbol?” I nodded.
Ternen leaned over her shoulder and stared for a minute. But I saw him pale. “No way.”
“What?” Alannah and I turned.
“I’ve seen that symbol before.” He pointed to the napkin.
“Where?” I leaned over. “Are you sure? This symbol? The three circles with tails chasing each other?”
He nodded. “I swear it.”
“Where?”
He looked at a deathly pale Rick. “I’ve seen it on Rick’s daughter.” Alannah gasped. But Ternen shook his head. “I’ve seen it on a few of the young pups. 
My head snapped up. “What did you just say?” He nodded, but so did Rick. I looked between the two. “One of you speak ”
+20 Bonus
“Vince said it was a virus. All the kids in my daughter’s class got sick around the same time. The mark, they said it was from the
vaccine they gave them to get better.” Rick closed his eyes, his voice becoming hallow, haunted. “Are you saying that Vince did this to my baby?” He snapped his eyes open. “He did this to my pup?”
“I can’t say for sure.”
Rick slammed his hand down onto the table. “Did he do this to my pup?”
I swallowed. “There is a very good chance he did.”
He closed his eyes, and I could see the tears fall. “I did this to my baby?”
“Goddess no Rick ” I grabbed his hand again. “This is not your fault. It’s Vinces and we can make him pay.”
“He look
He shook his head. “I can’t.”
“Not if we give her the cure.”
looked into my eyes. “She needs the elixir to survive.”
He shook his head again. “Vince will know.”
I smiled. “Not if we move at the same time.” 
Rick looked at me. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, we coordinate our attacks. I need to snoop around the pack, but when I’m ready, we dig into the mainframe, getting everything we need, and you, your wife, and you kid disappear.”
“How is that even possible?” Rick leaned in. But then his eyes landed on Alannah. “I can’t.”
“Why?”
“Because if he disappears, then Vince will kill me.” Alannah swallowed loudly.
I turned to her. “How sure are you?”
Ternen, Alannah and Rick all looked at each other. “Very.” Rick answered me. “I took Alannah under my win when I got here. She was a young, unmated omega who was being sniffed around by all the ranked wolves here. I introduced her to Ternen, and they just happened to be mates. That pulled her off the market. But despite that, they would target her, push her around. I stood up for her.”
“He became a stand in dad to me. And everyone in the pack knows it.” She looked at Rick with love in her eyes. “But it’s okay. I would rather die than watch your little girl suffer anymore. Not if I can help it.“*
“No one will be dying…you will all just disappear.” 
###Next D 369
Chapter 369
#20 Bonus
Everyone froze. Rick recovered first. “How is that even possible?”
“I won’t tell you beforehand, but I promise I will use to whisk all of you away at the same time, and no one will know where you disappeared to. I can promise once everything is out in the open, and war is on the horizon, you will have a house, jobs, and at place in a pack that celebrates people. No matter their rank.” I looked at Rick.
“You’ll move us to you father’s pack?”
I nodded. “I will.
“But Vince won’t release us.” Ternen shook his head. “Vince v
won’t ever let us go.”
I grinned. “It won’t matter. By the time he notices you are all gone, it will be too late.” I could see Alannah perk up.
“Are you being honest, Amy?” She turned to me with hope in her eyes. “If you’re not, I need you to tell me now.”
I wrapped my arm around her. “Of course I’m being serious. Why are you so-” My hand rested against her side, and I felt it. A tiny flutter under the skin. I gasped as she turned to me. “You’re pregnant.
Alannah’s eyes grew wide. “How did you know?”
Ternen jolted next to us. “Wait, what?”
I grimaced and face Alannah. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to ruin the surprise.”
“Not a surprise, more full–blown terror.” She whispered as she trembled next to me.
Ternen cuddled her. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
She looked at him but it was Rick that answered. “You know why. She’s not allowed to be pregnant.”
I pushed back and stared at him. “What are you talking about?” Rick pulled his phone out and pulled up a screen shot. He turned his phone to me and I gasped. “You have got to be fucking kidding me.” I looked from the phone to him. “Is this actually real?”
Alannah glanced at the phone and started to cry. “Yes.”
Ternen looked as confused as I felt, but he grabbed the phone from Rick and read the page. The phone clattered to the table, and I could see his need to protect his mate warring with his omega nature. “We just won’t ever have pups.
“It’s not that simple.” Alannah shook herself. “I’m already pregnant, Tern. And I haven’t been able to see the pack doctor because as soon as Vince finds out, the punishment starts.”
“Punishment?” I looked at Rick, and the man turned green. He grabbed the phone and pulled it back, flicking to another photo, and handed it back to me. The growl that left my throat was vicious. Nix and Megan went from lounging around to ready for Vince’s blood instantly. “Please tell me this isn’t real.”
20 Bonus
“Alrighty guys.” The server snuck up on us. “Is there anything else I can get you?”
I took a deep breath and then turned to her with a smile. “Actually yes. It’s our friend’s birthday and we would really like to celebrate with a piece of cake for everyone. Which one do you recommend?”
“We have a fantastic coconut white cake.” I turned to look at Alannah, but she was sinking. I cut a look at Ternen.
“She is allergic to coconut, but if you have carrot cake, it’s her favourite.”
The server brightened. “Our carrot cake is amazing. I just rarely offer it because some people don’t really see it as a cake because there are vegetables in it.” She laughed, and I forced myself to laugh with her. “Perfect four slices coming up. Did you want coffee?”
“No thanks, just the cake and the bill. That would be amazing. Thank you.” I smiled as she turned away, and then I felt my face fall as I turned back to Rick. “I need you to tell me this is fake.” I waved the phone around and I gripped the edge of the table so hard it creaked. 
Rick looked away from me, and Alannah sniffled beside me. Ternen tried to grab the phone again, but Alannah grabbed him. “Please don’t look.”
He looked at her before his panicked eyes turned to me. “I need to see what is on that phone.” His words were soft, but I could hear the finality in them. He needed to see for his sanity.
“Please Term. Please don’t.” Alannah begged, but he turned to her and cupped her face.
“I need to see. I need to know.”
“Why?”
“Because if you randomly go missing and I have no idea why it will kill me. If something happens to you and I don’t know, how will I know to go get someone?” He swallowed. “I know I’m never going to be the mate that will be able to charge in and save you with my own hands. But I will do my best to figure out a way to protect you.” He leaned his head against hers. “Even if I have to give up my life for yours, I will save you.”
D
###Next D 370
Chapter 370
Alannah shook her head, tears streaming down her face. “No Ternen.”
But I rubbed her side and slid the phone over to him. “He’s right Alannah. He would be the first person to notice if you disappeared. You are tied and your wolves would feel it. He needs to know so that he can come find me, or Rick.”
She shook her head again as he grabbed the phone. Her hand shot out, and she begged. “Please don’t think less of me.”
I growled softly. “Never say that again.”
She turned to me with confusion in her eyes. “What?”
“Never, ever act like something done to you lessens you.” I nodded to the phone. “What is there is vile. So vile that it made me want to vomit.” Another tear fell, and I wiped it off and a growl slipped from Tern. “If, and goddess forbid, it actually happened to you, but if it happened. It would not lessen you. You would be a victim and that disgusting act would have no bearing on your worth as a woman, as a mate, as a mother.”
Rick nodded. “We would help you heal, protect you, and make sure it never happened again.”
Ternen looked up from the phone, and with a soft whisper, he looked up at me. “Is this serious?”
I turned to Rick and lifted a brow. My stomach dropped when he nodded. “If a female omega becomes pregnant without the permission of the alpha. Then the alpha, beta, and any ranked member that wants to be involved will enact the punishment.” He had to cough into his hand as if he was stopping vomit from coming up. “The punishment is as listed.”
Ternen covered his head with his hands. “Vince and his cronies will force themselves on Alannah until she loses the baby.” His words were dead, as was his eyes. Alannah let a sob escape, but it was Rick’s sad nod that broke him.
Ternen grabbed Alannah and started crying with her. Tears slowly fell from their eyes silently as they huddled together. “It’s okay. Nothing, and I mean nothing, will ever change the way I feel about you.” She pulled back, and he wiped her tears and she wiped his. “I love you, now and forever. No one would ever come close to loving you as completely and as pure as I love you. My love doesn’t hinge on anything other than my utter devotion to you.” He kissed her.
I opened my mouth and then bells jingling started around us. “Happy, happy birthday!” The staff sang, and for some reason that broke through the morose feeling at the table. Once they finished, they slide the cakes in front of us and then left the check on the corner of the table, once again leaving us to our bubble.
I lifted my fork and took a bite of cake, groaning at the cream cheese frosting. “It won’t happen.” I waved my fork.
They all turned to me with hopeful eyes. “Really?”
“How far along are you?” I took another bite.
“I don’t actually know.” Alannah took a bit of her own cake, and for the first time since I blurted out about the baby, she smiled. “My last heat was about a month and a half ago. Why?”
+20 Bonus
I nodded as I polished off my cake. “Because it gives me a timeline.” I calculated the time in my head. “Vince isn’t a strong alpha And his sense of smell is trash. Do you have a perfume you like to wear?”
She nodded. “I enjoy vanilla enough I can wear it, but Ternen prefers my natural scent, so I stopped.”
I turned to him. “You are going to have to suffer for a bit” He nodded.
“I don’t care. I will do whatever I have to do to protect her and our pup.”
“Good.” I held up my fingers. “I have my ‘mating‘ ceremony scheduled in four weeks. Even Vince would scent a pup by then. But by personal experience, it will be close. If we can extend the time by covering your scent with vanilla, have you were baggier clothes and have Rick or I pick you up and drop you off at home, we can do this.” I did the math again and nodded. “We can make it to the mating ceremony.
“Why the mating ceremony? Are you seriously going to mate him?”
I scoffed. “Absolutely not. But Brandon needed to think he had me hook, line and sinker. So I agreed to the mating ceremony. And because I find it poetic to leave him at the altar like the humans do in the movies.” I snorted.
“Are you going to kill him, then?” Rick leaned in.
“I don’t know. Maybe. Maybe I’ll let them suffer a bit. But my plan is to uncover everything and then disappear.” I grabbed Rick’s arm and Alannah’s. “Now, I’m just taking a few more people.” I smiled as the server came over the last time. I paid and then turned back to everyone. “So, how does everyone feel about camping?”
###Next D 371
Chapter 371
When we got back to the office, Ternen turned with a smile, taking the gift bags from around Alannah’s desk. “I’ll be back at the
end of the day.” He kissed her and then left us to finish our day.
I settled into my office and started working on another firewall when Rick came in. “Hey are you ready for your next challenge?”
I smiled. “What did you have in mind?”
“I want to see how well you know our systems.” I leaned in, excitement on my face. “I’m going to hide again, but this time, it’s going to be deeper.”
“Okay.” I turned my chair to face him. “What’s the catch?”
He smiled. “This is a training exercise for you to recognize the flaws in your own designs.
I twirled my hands around each other. “What does that even mean?”
He cackled. “It means you can’t trip the firewall. If you do, you have to start over.”
“Are you insane?” I stood hunched over my computer. “How is that even possible?” I pretended to be upset, but inside I was dancing. He was teaching me how to get around the systems.
He shrugged. “It’s how my teacher taught me.”
“Your teacher…from school? We didn’t learn this in school.” I slammed back into my seat.
Rick shook his head. “Not at school. In my old pack. It’s how I got so good with computers.” He laughed and tossed me a paper. “I’ll give you a head start.” He pointed at the paper. “Read that and start. But.” He held up his finger.
“What?”
“During the mornings, I still expect you to pump out the coding I need. You work until the day’s coding is done, and then you practise this.”
I groaned. “How am I supposed to do that?” I rolled my neck. “I will never have time.” Rick just shrugged.
“Then I guess you will never become good at this job and you might as well quit now.” I growled, and he smiled. “Good luck.” He
turned and left.
“Wait!” I stood and called after him. He came back and lifted a brow.
“What?”
“Can I work on this at home?”
He shook his head. “Nope.” I groaned. “I’m honestly not being spiteful. There is just no way to remote into our system. I created it that way. But if you want, you can bring your laptop in tomorrow and when I have time, I can make a dummy server on it, so
+20 Bonus
you can practice at home.”
“Really?”
He nodded. “I’m not trying to stunt your growth, only push you to be better.” He winked at me and turned to leave again.
“Thank you.” I called after him.
“You’re welcome.” He called back. Then a door opened. “Alpha Vince.” Rick said it loud enough, like he was surprised, but I know
it was to alert me he was here.
“Rick, are you busy?” I could hear his tone and I knew he wasn’t asking.
“For you? Of course not. Let me just-” He leaned into my office door. “I’m going to have to put a pause in our training. If my meeting with Alpha Vice goes past the end of the day, just head on home and we can try again tomorrow.”
I gave a thumbs up. “Sounds good.” Then I turned back to my computer and started back coding a firewall.
It must have been longer than I thought when I finished the code, as I finally pulled my eyes away phone rang, scaring me. I grabbed it from the desk and answered. “Hello?”
ay from the
computer
when my
“Hey baby.” My mom’s voice rang out. “How’s your day?”
“It’s been pretty great. Is there anything wrong?” I flicked my eyes to my screen as I opened the next coding program he wanted me to work at.
“No.” She chuckled. “You must be distracted.”
“Yeah, I just got finished with a project when you called. Why?” I clicked open the next file and my mom laughed harder.
“Look at the time, baby.”
“Huh?” I glanced at my phone screen and then down the clock in the corner of my computer. “Holy crap.”
She snorted. “Yeah. You’re late for dinner. Hurry home.” Then she hung up.
I got up and walked out of my office. Alannah was still at her desk, but Ternen was here. “Hey.” I looked at them with a confused look, but Alannah’s eyes cut to Rick’s door. “Every one is working late tonight.” 1 chuckled and went to my desk to turn things off.
Nix tell mom to call me again and tell me to invite my work friends to dinner. Be quick. She left without looking back. Within a minute, my phone rang again as I shut off my computer. I answered on speaker again with a laugh. “Hey mom. I’m shutting down right now.”
“No, I know.” She laughed. “Morgan and Shannon said there were busy with Alpha Vince and Brandon tonight, and I made too much food. Invite your friends from work for dinner.”
“Mom.” I sighed.
“I
But she cut me off. “I want to meet them. Ask” Then she hung up.
###Next D 372
I sighed and slammed my head back against my chair, then I groaned. “Fuck.” I put everything away into my purse, then stood. I
walked out and smiled. “Hey. I had a question.”
“Sure.” Ternen smiled at me but I could see the tension below the surface.
My mom wants me to invite you all to dinner.” I checked my phone. “Has Rick left yet?”
Alannah shook her head “No.” She smiled as she put her things in her purse. “And we would love to join you at dinner.”
I nodded and then walked to Rick’s office door. I knocked and swung the door open. I froze when I saw Vince holding Rick by the
throat. “Ugh. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.” I spun in a circle, facing away from them.
Vince grunted, and I heard Rick take a deep breath in. “Amy, what are you doing in here?”
“I see that.” I coughed. “My mom called me and asked me to invite Rick and Alannah to dinner.”
“Well, he’s busy.”
I turned around and grimaced. “While I appreciate that, this is my mom.” I forced an awkward smile to my face. “She won’t listen
to me. Can you call her?”
Vince huffed out a breath. Then turned to me. “Of course.” He pulled out his phone and dialed my mom. There was a brief pause, and then her voice rang out. “Hello Ainsley. I called because Amy came into take Rick to your house for dinner, but he is currently in a meeting with me.”
“He’s in a meeting with you?” My mother’s voice dropped an octave. “Are you sure? Is anyone else there?” Her voice took on a
thread of anger.
Vince looked at the phone in confusion before he glanced at me. But I just shrugged. “Yes, I am sure. Why?” Vince was trying to
make some ground and take hack the power my mother so easily took.
to
“Well, Alpha Vince.” Vince winced. My mother only used the title if she was pissed or in a setting in front of others that she had to uphold titles. “My dear husband said he was having dinner with you.” Her voice was now ice. “He actually just texted me saying you two were elbow deep in reports and that he won’t be home for hours.” She growled, and it was savage. “And here you’re telling me you are in a meeting with Amy’s boss. So Alpha, where the fuck is my husband?”
You could hear a pin drop as Vince looked to me with wide eyes. He mouthed of shit and then chuckled. “Ainsley.” He started, but you could tell he didn’t know where Morgan was. “Morgan is in my office right now. We were in a meeting, but I came to talk with Rick.”
“If you aren’t there, then why did he lie?”
Vince laughed. “He didn’t I just zipped down here to go over things with Rick?”
“You know Alpha. I think you are covering for Morgan. I don’t think you have been with him for hours.” The truth settled around
1/2
+20 Bonus
us, and Vince paced. “If that is the case, then I can only assume that my husband is cheating.” Vince froze.
“That’s a crazy accusation, Ainsley.” He tried to counter, but she scoffed.
“Is it? We have been struggling for years because of the bullshit he pulled. And now I know he’s lying to me and y8our covering for him. I’ll be petitioning the king for a dissolution.”

“Ainsley, wait, you can’t.” Vince tried to convince her to hold on.
“Unless you can get my husband on the phone within five minutes, which, if he is in your office, should be easy. I’ll be calling the king in ten minutes. Better run.” She disconnected the call and Vince turned a pale face to me.
“What just happened?” He looked a little lost.
“I don’t know. She made dinner, and then Shannon and Morgan said they were busy. She called me and told me to invite Rick and Alannah and then, well, you heard.” I let my mouth flop open. “Alpha…you have been here since lunch. Morgan definitely lied to my mom.”
His eyes snapped to mine. “You can’t tell her that.”
I lifted my brow. “I don’t think it will matter. You only have four minutes to find him before she calls the king.”
“Oh fuck.” Vince turned and ran out of the room.
Rick turned to me with a blank face. “Do you think your mother will still want us to
o come to dinner?”
I nodded. “Of course, she will need a distraction. Why don’t you invite your wife and daughter? I’ll call my mom and tell her I’ll be bringing extra. That way, she will have to cook more and will work off some of her anger.”
“Will that work?” Rick typed a quick message on his phone.
“We can hope.”
###Next D 373
Chapter 373
+20 Bonus
I pulled into the driveway and watched Ternen and Alannah park. Rick took off to grab his wife and daughter and said he would be here in five minutes. I got out as my mom walked out and we waited in the drive while the two got out of the car.
I snapped a barrier around us and waited for the pair to join us next to my car before I asked my mom. “How did you know I
needed an excuse to get them to come over?”
My–mom chuckled. “Nix is smarter than you give her credit for. She came to tell me when you all were at lunch, but I waited a bit when I knew I could maximize the effect.” I turned to her. But before I could say anything, she turned to Alannah and Ternen. “Hi. I’m Ainsley, Amy’s mom. You must be Alannah and Ternen.”
They nodded. “We are.” Alannah bowed, but my mom stopped her.
“Sweet girl. I haven’t been a luna for years now, and even when I was, absolutely no one had to bow to me.”
Alannah straightened and looked between my mom and me. “Our luna demands it.”
My mom scoffed. “That’s because she is an insecure, chosen replacement. And the only reason she is luna is because she got pregnant with Brandon and ran. She came back once Brandon was a pup and Vince couldn’t lie to his father any longer.”
We all dropped our mouths open. “Seriously?” I looked at my mom.
She nodded. “Vince was looking for an alpha female to marry, but then our beloved luna, who was actually a low ranked gamma, showed up with a pup in her arms. The alpha made them mate.” My mom looked at her nails. “He’s only kept her around because
she doesn’t care about the cheating or his plotting ”
“Is there a reason we are waiting out here?” Ternen looked around, slightly confused.
My mom smiled. “I’m waiting for Rick and his family. And Amy here has made it impossible for anyone to overhear us out here.
But inside unless we are in her room.” My mom turned to me. “Are you planning on bringing them to the cabin?” His gaze was 
sharp.
“Yeah.” I nodded. “I know we won’t have the space for everyone. But we have the bathrooms to support everyone, thankfully.”
“Plus, camping would be fun for a young girl who has never been allowed to do anything.” She finished.
“Hopefully. And I’m hoping her and my girl get along ” I smiled as I heard another car pull up. “We will have to make lists of
everything we need.” My mom nodded.
“We will also need extra supplies…” My mom looked at me.
I bit my lip. This would be too much to slip through my closet. Then I remembered the tunnel to dad’s pack house. “I have an idea.” But I turned to see Rick, his mate, and his daughter coming up the driveway. “Hey Rick.” I waved and walked down. “This must be Shelly,” I held out my hand, and she smiled, but I could see the shadow in her eyes.
“That’s me.” She shook my hand and then turned to her daughter. “This is Abby.” I looked down at the little girl with dull red
Bonus
hair. She had dark circled under her eyes and a missing tooth right up front.
I dropped down to her level and stuck out a hand. “Hi Abby, I’m Amy.” She smiled and shook my hand.
“Hi” She looked at me with tired but curious eyes. “You’re beautiful.”
“So are you.” I grinned, but she looked town, sad. “What’s wrong darling?”
“I’m not beautiful. I’m sick.” She looked back up. “Sick people can’t be beautiful.”
“Who said that?” I tilted my head at her. “I think that some of the most beautiful people are sick. Do you want to know why?”
She looked at her mom. Shelly nodded and then turned back to me. “Why?” She dropped her head to stare at the ground before I could answer.
“I think some of the most beautiful people in the world are warriors.” I reached out and lifted her face. “Because being sick, like you, is a battle. Getting out of bed can be a struggle, right?” She nodded. “But you fight to do it every day. You get up, get dressed, and go about you day no matter how bad you feel. That is strength, true strength, and I think that makes you beautiful. Never let anyone make you feel bad about being sick. You can’t help it, and they don’t understand how something as simple as getting up can take your breath away.”
“Do you really mean that?” She looked at me with wide, bright green eyes.
“Absolutely.” I smiled at her, and she smiled back. I stood up and realized that Rick and Shelly both had tears in their eyes. “Well, now.” My mom sniffled. “Whose ready for dinner?”
###Next D 374
Chapter 374
My mom ushered us all inside and we sat down in the living room. She went around and asked about drinks, then she looked at
me. “Hey sweetheart? Why don’t you give everyone a tour? I’m sure Abby will love to see your bedroom. You have that small
closet full of all your old teddy bears.” She smiled. “I just have a few things to finish up in the kitchen and by the time you come
down, dinner will be ready.” With that, she was gone behind the wall and I turned. 
“Tour it is.” I brought them around the bottom floor, but I could tell Abby was being impatient.
“Amy?” Her soft voice had me turning.
“Yeah, sweetheart?” I crouched as she came up to me.
“Your house is really nice…”
“But?” I winked at her.
“Can
we go see your room?
17” She sounded a little hopeful.
“Of course.” I looked up at Rick. “It’s upstairs.” My eyes flicked to Abby, and he nodded.
“Come here, baby.” He swooped down and picked her up. “Stairs are still a little hard for us, aren’t they, baby?”
Abby nodded. “I get tired.”
“Me too.” I winked again, and we turned to head upstairs. I pointed out a few other rooms, and then we came to my door. “Here
we are.”
I opened my door and Abby ran in. I laughed as she spun around. “This is just your bedroom?” She ran to the bathroom and spun again. “Wow.” I ushered everyone in and closed the door. I walked to a small closet I had next to my bed and swung it open. Abby screamed as she saw all the stuffed animals I had. I kept everything from when I was a child. My dad used to give them to me every time I left until I turned sixteen and asked him to stop. “Oh my goddess.” She ran and started playing
I chuckled and then nodded to the other side of my room, where the other bigger closet lay. “While she is occupied, we can speak freely here.”
Shelly turned to me. “Rick hasn’t told me anything. He won’t, not in our home, because of Vince, but something is going on and I want to know what.”
I nodded. “I’m getting you out.” I cut right to the chase. “And I know you are going to bring up the fact you can’t leave because” Abby is suffering from the withering, but she’s not.” I whispered, hopefully low enough that Abby couldn’t hear.
Shelly reared back. “What are you talking about?” She looked at Rick. “Is she insane?”
He rubbed his face. “Babe, listen. We went to lunch, getting Alannah and Ternen away from Brandon because Amy stood up for Tern, and Brandon decided to beat and fire him instead. When we went to lunch, I told her about Abby. Just basics, why we were here, why I was helping Vince.”
“Okay, but that doesn’t explain what she just said.” She tossed out.
+20 Bonus
“I know, I know.” He pulled out the napkin. “Amy has never seen Abby before today. Ternen has never even talked about Abby.”
“I swear, neither of us have. We thought you deserved your privacy.” Alannah slid in.
Shelly looked around. “Okay, she hasn’t ever seen Abby. What does this have to do with what we are talking about? Our daughter is sick, and she just said she wasn’t Rick.”
“That’s because she’s not.” I quickly glanced over at Abby. “Do you know anything about witchcraft?”
Shelly looked confused and lost. “What in the goddess are you talking about?”
Rick handed her the napkin. “I told her about the Withering. But Amy asked how old Abby was. She said she was too old for the Withering to affect her. But there was a spell. A spell that branded the affected wolf with a mark. That is the mark she gave me. Rick pointed to the napkin Shelly had crumpled in her hand.
“This is a fucking napkin, Rick. What does this have to do with our child?” Shelly got louder, but Rick grabbed her face and kissed her.
“Babe, I love you, and when you get protective of our cub. But look at the napkin and you will understand.” He lifted her hand. that held the crumpled napkin.
Shelly shook her head but unclenched her hand and smoothed out the napkin. She gasped and her eyes shot up to mine. “Have you ever seen our daughter?”
“No.” I met her eyes.
“Have you seen any of the children in her class?”
Again, I answered honestly. “No.”
She sagged for a moment. “Please.” Her voice wavered. “Please don’t pretend that you can help us unless you actually can. I don’t have it in me to go through all of this, only to be let down once again.”
“What do you mean?” I tilted my head.
“She means she can’t listen to another person say they might be able to save me, only to be told I have less than a year to live.”
###Next D 375
Chapter 375
Every one froze, but Shelly dropped down and pulled Abby to her. “Baby…” But she trailed off, because what do you say to a child
who is too observant to be kept in the dark?
ar with
“It’s okay, momma. I’ve known for a while now.” She reached up and cupped her face. “I just wanted to spend the best year
you and daddy so I didn’t tell you I heard you and the doctor talking about me.” Rick dropped down next to them and hugged
them both to his chest
“It’s going to be alright.” He whispered to them, but I could tell it was to himself. He looked up at me, so ready to believe, and I
nodded.
“I can’t fix it today.” I held out my hand. “But I swear I will fix it.”
Shelly looked at me. “How w can you be
so sure?”
“Magic.” I winked, but she shook her head. I crouched. “I can’t tell you. Not before you are away from here. You can take a vow,
Shelly, but Abby can’t.”
“I won’t tell anyone. I swear.” She looked at me with slightly wounded eyes.
“Oh sweet pea, I never thought you would tell on us. But sometimes, specially same wolves, they can’t help it.”
“Like when the alpha commands us to
o tell him?”?
“Exactly.” I smiled.
“But what about this?” Shelly moved back. “She’d already heard all of us talk about this.”
“Well, it can go two ways.” I looked down at Abby. “And I’m going to allow her to decide.” I smiled as I pulled her out of her parents‘ arms, letting her stand on her own. “This is a big girl’s decision, so I want you to really think it through, okay?”
Abby looked at me and stood a little taller. “Okay. ”
“Now, anything we talk about here can’t be told to anyone. Not a teacher, not the alpha, and not our friends.” She nodded. “Good girl. Now, because you are too young, the goddess will not allow you to enter into a vow. So we have two options.”
Rick shuffled closer. “What are the options?”
Shelly slid closer. “Will they hurt her?”
I smiled. “I promise they won’t hurt. But because you are sick and weak.” She looked down. I pushed her chin up with my finger. “We get to use that as a hidden strength.”
“How is that a strength?” She looked at me, confused.
“Option one.” I held up a finger. “I can use magic to erase your memories of this room, but you will have the feeling you loved it here and had fun. It will just seem like you were too tired to remember it fully.” I poked her nose. “Or…I could use magic to seal
1/2
+20 Bonus
your lips about the stuff that happens here, almost like a vow, but one that uses magic to seal your lips.”
“What’s the difference?” Rick looked at Abby. “Between the vow with the goddess, and you.”
“Instead of being able to pick out the small talk and focus on the smaller things. Like I am assuming you had to do with Vince today?” I lifted my brow, and he nodded. “She won’t be able to talk about it at all.”
“How will that work?”
“Because she is so sick, and Vince is the one that made her that way. He will expect her to be fragile. He will expect her to clam up around an alpha. And if by the smallest chance he questions her…she can just say I went to Amy’s room, yawn and then turn to you or Shelly and ask to go to bed. Or play shy. Or honestly, just faint.” Abby giggled. “She will have options, just not the same as you.” I held out my hands. I waved my left hand. “So option one?” I waved my right hand. “Or option two?”
Abby opened her mouth, but Shelly jumped in. “Isn’t it better if she just forgets?”
Rick looked between his wife and Abby. “I know, as a dad, I would want to just have her forget and pretend she just fell asleep. But also as a dad, I want her to make her own choices. And goddess knows in Abby’s life she doesn’t get many choices.” He looked at Shelly. “I want to keep her safe. I do. But there comes a moment when we have to let her choose Babe. She might not et many choices in her life.” His last words were whispered. His tiny truth eating away at his soul. He has been preparing for Abby to die.
(1)
Shelly looked at Abby, who stood there, so determined but patient. “I know what I want to choose, but I’ll listen to you, momma.” She would still allow the adults to make her decision. “I trust you to know what’s best.”
I turned to Shelly but her eyes were on her daughter. I watched her fight the urge to decide, to step in and take control, but she closed her eyes and shuddered. “No baby. This is your choice to make. I believe in you.”
Abby’s face lit up. It was like she was waiting for this moment, this decision. “I don’t want to forget. I want option two.”
###Next D 376
Chapter 376
“Okay.” I stood up. “I can grab the things I need from the kitchen after dinner. We will do it then. Okay?” Everyone nodded. “There is a reason I brought you here, other than the fact that we can speak freely.”
Alannah looked around. “What is it?”
“I need your blood.” I grimaced. I looked around and saw that once again my mom was ahead of me. In the bathroom on the counter, there were five plastic cups, a small knife, and one bandage. I nodded over to the bathroom and waited for everyone to walk in. I sat down on the toilet and gestured to the tiny cups. “It’s not a lot. But where I am going to take you, you need to be
added to a spell so that you can’t be traced.”
They just looked at each other before they nodded. Every one grabbed their cup except Abby, she walked over to me. “Could your help me?” She swallowed loudly. “I’m not supposed to get hurt cause it will make my sickness worse.” She was scared, but I
pulled her close.
“Can I tell you a secret?” She nodded. “When I was your age, I got hurt. Real bad. And I was terrified of being hurt again.”
“How did you get past it?” she shook as she raised her arm towards me.
“By doing exactly what you are doing now. Being brave.” I smiled, but her eyes were focused on her wrist in my hand. “Hey, look
up here. Look at my eyes and tell me a story.”
“Huh?” She looked up and I smiled.
“Look at my face and tell me a story. Your favourite story.” I grabbed her cup, and I got it under her hand. Her gaze jumped to me but I tsked her. “Nope. Up here.” Her eyes snapped to mine. “Good. Now…your story.”
She closed her eyes for a minute, and then she looked back at me. “There once was a little girl who lived in the forest.” She continued the story for a minute before she stopped. “Aren’t you going to cut me?”
I just tapped her nose. “Pay attention to your story. Does closing your eyes help?” She thought about it for a minute and then
nodded. “Okay, then close your eyes and focus on your story. Really picture it.”
She started again, eye closed and her breathing finally evened out. I waited for a few minutes, and I realized everyone had stopped
to listen. I gestured them to keep going and then I shifted my claw. Abby had gotten to a part of her story where the little girl ventured out of the forest, and I could tell she had finally relaxed enough that cutting into her wouldn’t do more damage than I intended, and I acted. I quickly slid my nail against her, opening a shallow cut. Her blood came quick, quicker than it should have, but she was right before. The spell that was making her skin chased after death.
Her quick inhale was her only reaction. She kept telling her story even if her voice quivered a bit. Once I was sure I had enough blood, I pushed my magic into her, but it was my turn to gasp. My magic flowed through her body and I could feel all the damage
the hex did to her body. Even damaged muscle, her weakened organs, but it was her wolf that broke me even more. Her tiny pup
Inside of her was skin and bones.
1/2
hapte
+20 Bonus
I pushed Nix into her with my magic, and she walked over to the pup. Abby, the sweet girl, knew something was happening, and was suddenly beside me in her mind. “How are you here?” She looked up at me.
“Magic, sweetheart.” I walked over with her to her forest, where her tiny pup was hiding just inside of the trees.
“Where are we going?” She trailed behind me.
To
to your safe place for your wolf.” I held my hand out to her. She finally caught up and slipped her hand in mine. I could still feel my magic doing its best to heal with worse damage, even though it wasn’t much. But this, this was too important to ignore.
We walked over to find Nix cuddled around a dull, furred red wolf. The sickness had leech the vibrancy long ago. She was shivering in the cold, fighting to survive. Nix had barely laid down fully before the tiny wolf pup howled softly and tucked herself closer to her warmth. She looked up at me with horror–filled eyes. “She is close to death.”
“How long do we have? To save the pup?” I knelt, pulling Abby with me. I turned to her. “This is your wolf, sweetheart. Comfort her.” Abby hesitated, looking at Nix. “Don’t worry. She is my wolf.” Abby got close then, laying down next to her wolf and cuddled her against Nix’s side.
“Not long “Nix signed, and she nestled the pup. “Maybe a day.” Abby started to cry when she heard.
“She won’t survive without her wolf, Nix.”
Nix looked up at me with pain written on her face. “I know.”
“It’s okay Nala.” Her words were soft. “We did our best.”
###Next D 377
Chapter 377
My heart broke as I watched Abby comfort her wolf. “Nala?” I leaned over the three so I could see her face.
Abby nodded. “I don’t know how, but as soon as I touched her, I knew her name.” She rubbed her face against the patchy, dull fur “She is sick, like me, isn’t she?”
I just nodded. “Yeah baby girl, she is.” She snuggled in closer.
“Why is she so small?” she cracked open an eye and hugged her wolf pup closer. “Shouldn’t she be bigger? I should have met her soon, right?”
I looked at Nix and remembered that I started talking to her when I was about five or six. She had always been there, strong, steady, and my best friend. My heart ached for the pair in front of us. “Yeah, she should be bigger, but so should you. The sickness ate away at you strength, at your power, and it stunted you.”
She looked at me with sad eyes. “It’s okay, you know.”
“What is?”
“That I have to die.” She closed her eye as her puppy whined and rolled over into her arms. The tiny wolf cracked an eye and used a bit of its strength to slowly lick Abby’s face. Even in her weakened form, Nala was doing her best to be there for her human. Abb’s lick quivered as she kissed her wolf’s nose. “I’ve spent the last year getting use to the fact that I wasn’t going to be able to grow up. That I would leave my mom and dad.” She turned to face me fully. “On the days where I couldn’t leave my bed, I wrote letters to them. They weren’t much. Mostly pictures at first, but when I learned more words, I started to write down how much I loved them.”
“Abby…” I reached out and stroked her hair. My magic zipped through her and she felt stronger. Like the magic I sent through her to heal did more good than I thought possible.
Nix looked at me as she felt it, too. “Pick up the pup, Amy.” I looked at the wolf pup, and she cracked her eye again.
She couldn’t speak, but the pain there, the fear, the loneliness spoke volumes. “Come here Nala.” I picked her up and instantly my magic flowed through me and into the wolf in my arms. “Oh, goddess.” This small thing was skin and bones. But instantly I knew exactly what happened.
“What’s wrong?” Abby pulled herself up, leaning against Nix for support.
“What do you know of the relationship between a wolf and their human?” Nix wrapped around her, and settled again, watching me cuddle Nala.
“You wolf is your best friend, someone that shares your body and your soul.” Abby turned to her. tell you in school.”
that’s what
Nix nodded. “They are right, but it goes much deeper. We become your closest ally, your first confidant, and…your first line of defence.”
Abby’s face scrunched up. “What does that mean?”
+20 Bonus
“It means…” I cut in. “That your wolf woke up to you being already under attack. And to keep you alive, without a second
thought, Nala stepped in to save you.”
Abby snapped her head to look at the wolf in my arms. She pushed herself up and shuffled over to me. “But she didn’t know me
yet. We had never even talked before.” Her lips trembled. “She’s dying because of me?”
I pushed more power into the pup, guiding it to the organs first. There was no reason to worry about her fur when her lungs were
failing. “Not because of you. For you.”
Abby slapped her hands over her eyes and started crying. “Why would she do that for me?”
Nix huddled closer. “When we first wake up, we sit in the silence of your minds and watch through your eyes. We see what kind of
person you are, and that influences how we develop. If you are kind, giving, and sweet, your wolf will become the same.” Nix
licked a tear from her face. “But it is much simpler than that. She was born to be your first protector. She woke up and her first
thought was you. She felt you were dying. She felt your pain. And she took it into herself to give you more time.”
She dropped her hands and looked at me. “More time for what?” She sobbed as she reached out and stroked Nala’s fur. “I won’t
live without her.”
“There is a small chance you could live without your wolf, but…” I stroked the fur on Nala’s muzzle. “She probably didn’t know
that. She probably took some of it from you so that you had enough time to say goodbye.”
21
Abby shook her head. “I was always going to die.”
I nodded. “Yeah, but I think your wolf gave you enough time to get used to it and to write your letters. To tell your mom and dad
how much you love them. And to hopefully get a chance,”
“A chance at what?” She stood on shaky legs. “A chance to see my wolf die?”
“No baby. A chance to find a cure. A chance to meet me.”
###Next D 378
Chapter 378 
I had finally pushed enough power into the pup for it to lift her head. “Hello there sweet heart.” I brought her up to snuggle and then put her on her feet. “Nix.” I nodded, and she was already inching closer.
She put her snout right against the pup and we waited. She was feeling her strength, trying to gauge how much time I bought them. She pushed closer, and the pup shuffled over and curled up on her front paws. She rolled over, showing her belly, and Nix nuzzled in, breathing in her scent. “A week.” Her words were soft. “We bought them a week.”
I looked down at the two girls. “Can we do this every week?” I sat back on my heels. “Will this keep working?”
Nix huffed out a breath as she settled with the pup. “I don’t know, but it means we will have to keep track until we can remove the hex”
Abby wiped her face. “We won’t die?”
I pulled her into my arms and stood. “Not today.” I walked away, but stopped. “Are you staying here?”
She placed her head down on to Nala. “For a bit, I want to calm her down. She has been alone for too long, and she is touch.
starved.”
I looked back at her. “She was supposed to be out already?” My question was soft, and Nix just nodded.
“She has been awake longer than we think.” Nix closed her eyes. “I’ll try to find out more and I’ll tell you when I come back. Megan should be okay alone for a bit.” I just nodded and carried Abby back out of the trees.
“Whose Megan?” Her question was soft, but I could hear the tears still in her voice.
“Someone who i is very
ry excited to meet you.” I smiled and then stepped out. Once second I was in a dark forest and the next I was back in my bathroom holding on to Abby’s arm. Her color was better, and she wasn’t shaking.
“Was that real?” Her voice was surprisingly loud.
“What do you think?” I winked at her and looked back down at her wrist, fully healed.
“What are you talking about, baby?” Rick knelt down and I pulled back, putting the cup of Abby’s blood on to the counter.
Abby looked at me, and I could see the question. I tilted my head and smirked. “Your decision.” 
She turned to her dad and took a deep breath. “I’m going to tell you something and I need you to not get upset.”
Rick looked over her shoulder at Shelly, who instantly looked worried. She came over and knelt next to them. “What ever you have to say, we will figure it out.”
Abby nodded. “When Amy cut me, I met my wolf.” She looked down. “She was going to die tomorrow, and I was going to go with her.”
Rick and Shelly grabbed each other’s hands. “What?” Rick looked lost. “But…” He trailed off, praying she wasn’t finished.
Chaplin 212
+20 Bonu
Abby looked at me. “I don’t know how to explain.”
I looked at her for a minute. “Did you want me to explain instead?” She nodded, relief on her face. “Okay.” I looked at the trio.
“When I cut her wrist, my magic, and my wolf pulled me into her safe place. The place where, when fully grown, her wolf would 
have lived”
“Would have?” Rick whispered.”
“Oh, goddess.” Shelly pulled Abby to her.
I held up my hand. “When we got there, Abby followed me. She walked with me to the dark forest in her soul and together, we found her wolf pup. And I mean pup.” I held out a hand and cupped her face. “The hex has stunted her growth. Not just her human side, but her wolf as well.”
“Her wolf hasn’t awoken yet. I would have felt it.” Rick looked a little lost.
“Normally I would have agreed with you, but I’ve seen her, met her, held her.” I shook my head. “She was at death’s door. If I would have waited even twenty–four more hours for the spell to bring you here…” I trailed off, but Abby rubbed her face against my hand
“I would have been dead.”
Rick and Shelly stood. But it was Shelly who looked at me, accusation in her eyes. “You said she was strong enough to last the month.” She looked down at her daughter. “You said she would have survived.”
I nodded. “I would have been wrong.” My words were soft. “I didn’t know.”
“Didn’t know what?” She nearly screamed.
Nix slipped back into my mind and she looked broken. Nix? What’s wrong?
It’s been years. Her words were soft before she charged a tree and attacked it. Shattered the big oak into splinters. She whirled on me. Years Amy. That pup was awoken too early, and she was left to suffer in pain and silence because she was too weak to reach out, but strong enough to save her human.
My brain clicked back on as Shelly hit my face. Everyone froze. My voice dropped to a whisper. “That her wolf woke up years too earlier to save her life from a hex that should have never been placed on her.” (1)
###Next D 379
Chapter 379
A pin could drop. That’s how quiet the room was when I looked at Shelly. But she just stood there, hand hanging loosely by he
side, staring down at me. “What did you say?”
I took a deep breath. “Sit down and listen to the full story. I will ignore the fact you hit me because you are emotional and wor
about your child. But make no mistake. I am an alpha wolf and I will not suffer disrespect so easily.” 1
She stumbled back a step and sank down. Rick grabbing her hands and flashing me an awkward, apologetic smile. “What were you saying?” Shelly looked at him with a tiny bit of hurt in her eyes, but Rick just kissed her. “Let her speak. This isn’t her faul
babe,”
Abby sighed and pushed up to her knees. She was face to face with her mom. “I now your worried, and you don’t understand,
Amy is the only reason I’m still alive.”
Shelly stared down at her daughter and a tear slipped out. “I’m sorry.” Her eyes flicked up to me. “I’m so sorry. I just…”
“know, and it’s okay. Protecting your child is your first instinct and I believe me, I understand the instinct. Rick can explain once you get away.” I looked back down at Abby. “How long has Abby had the mark?”
Rick looked like he was thinking, but it was Shelly that answered. “She was five, she had just started school, and her class neede
physicals. She came home with the brand and Vince explained it was a new vaccine for a sickness going around. Why?”
My eyes snapped to hers. “I’ll explain in a moment.” I could tell she wanted to rip my head off, but I pushed on. “When we got
there, my wolf wrapped her up, and felt how weak she was. Her fur was patchy, and she couldn’t even lift her head. I didn’t know
she had even manifested yet, but there she was, small, shivering and weak.” I heard Alannah whine, but I pushed through it. “I
picked up Nala, and held her close, trying to figure out how bad the damage was.
Rick furrowed his brow. “Nala? Who is that?”
“My wolf daddy.” Abby smiled. “She is amazing, and even though she is sick, like me, she’s beautiful.” She turned to look at me. “You were right.”
“What do you mean?” 
“You said that sick people can be beautiful, and I said you were wrong. But uyou were right.” She closed her eyes. “Even sick…
Nala was stunning.” Her eyes looked at me and smiled.
“She was.” I booped her nose. “When I first cut Abby, my intent was to heal the cut, so she wouldn’t get sicker. But my magic took over, healing as much damage as it could. Strengthening her, even as my wolf drew me into her inner sanctum,”
Rick looked at his daughter. “She looks healthier.”
I nodded. “So when I held Nala, my magic did the same. But Nix, my wolf, was right. Nala had taken on so much of the damage, she had less than a day left. And maybe Abby would have survived losing her wolf, but…”
+20 E
Shelly gasped. “But she probably wouldn’t have because she is so weak.”
I nodded. “Exactly.” I rubbed her head. “So I pushed my magic into her. It took a bit, but eventually she perked up. She was st too small, too young to speak to us, but she opened her eyes and stood on her own legs.”
Abby smiled widely. “She was amazing.”
I winked. “I bought them a week. “I looked at Rick and Shelly, and they both gasped.
“No, ut’s too soon.” Shelly grabbed Abby to her chest and started crying.
“A week?” 
I nodded. “Then you guys will have to come back, and I will have to do this again.” Shelly snapped her head at me.
“Do this again? Save her again?”
I nodded. “I’m not buying you a couple days just so you can say goodbye.” She looked at Rick and, for the first time since we started talking about Nala, hope started to grow.
“What are you buying a couple days for then?” Ternen, who I forgot was even there he was so quiet, asked.
“I’m buying time to get us closer to out dead line. I’m going to drag Abby and Nala as far as I can so I can get the supplies to free them. I’m also going to see if there is any way I can save the other kids, because I refuse to allow Vince to control these parents b poisoning their children.” I looked around the room. “Because it isn’t just Abby…its every pup with that brand.” I allowed the words to settle in. Before I stood. “Now, before we go down to dinner, I have somewhere I want to show you, but I have to get a vow from Shelly, and then I have to add you to the spell.”
Shelly nodded. “If you will save my girl, I will follow you into hell.” She bowed.
I stood and held out my hand to Shelly to help her up. “I doubt we are going to hell, but war, we are definitely going to war.”
###Next D 380
Chapter 380
We all stood, and I turned to Shelly. “Are you ready to take the vow?”
She took a breath and then nodded. “I am.”
“Good. Repeat after me.” I walked her through the vow. “Are you ready?”
She nodded. “1, Shelly Clark, vow to keep your words from everyone excerpt the goddess. I swear that nothing you say that coul be used against you to cause harm will leave my mouth. Only the goddess will know our secrets and I beg her to keep them for us.” We all watched as her eyes widened. She turned to Rick. “That’s what you meant.” I lifted a brow. But she just laughed.
“When he came home, he said that when you were out for lunch, you had a moment that filled him with an amazing sense of
belonging.” She blushed as she rubbed her chest. “I was a little jealous, as I thought he meant you, but he meant the vow, the acceptance from the goddess.”
Rick smiled and nodded. “Amy is great, but nothing came close to that feeling.” He turned to Shelly. “Except the day I mated you.” Then he turned to Abby. “And the day you were born.” He winked at her.
I smiled and then gathered the cups. “Okay.” I walked back into my room and put them on the bed–side table. “I’m going to che
in with my mom and then I can go add you to the shield.” Everyone nodded as I stepped to the door. I opened it to absolute
mayhem.
“What the hell do you mean, get out of your house?” Morgan bellowed.
“Exactly what I just fucking said. Amy bought this house for me. Not you and not fucking Shannon. You fucking lied, and don’t
deny it. I talked to Vince.” There was the sound of glass shattering, and I was out of my room and down the stairs faster than I
could blink.
“You and your fucking daughter think you’re fucking better than us!” Shannon screamed.
I stepped into the room, and I released my aura a little. “That’s because we are.” My words were soft. I wasn’t trying to escalate, just stating a fact. “But that isn’t anything against you. We are just alphas.” I said it like I was placating a child and everyone froze. “Now, I don’t know what this is about.” I played stupid. “But I think it best if you and Shannon went and stayed at the pack house, Morgan. Just for a few days. So my mom can calm down ”
Morgan snarled before he could stop it. “Are you kicking me out of my own house?”
I shook my head. “I would never do that to you. Especially now, after Shannon and I spent these past few months rebuilding our relationship. I just think, for all parties, this is the best move. It will give you and my mom time to cool down and figure things out. Shannon will actually be closer to Brandon to help with the finishing touches of the mating ceremony. And I’ll be able to have my friends leave my bedroom without shaming our family.
Morgan’s eyes tighten. There was nothing he loved more than family standing. Being embarrassed like this wouldn’t sit right with him. “There are people here? Who?”
+20 Bonu
I rubbed my face. “Alannah and Ternen, the omegas from our office.” He scoffed. He wouldn’t care if it was just omegas. “Rick, Shelly and Abby, their daughter, are also upstairs. I was just showing her my stuffed animals when we heard the screaming.”
Morgan paled. “Rick is here?” I nodded.
top 
“I’m going to go back upstairs and let you guys handle this. Mom, come get me when this is settled.” I waved and then went back upstairs. This will give me a decent amount of time while they finished their bullshit and then packed and left.
I locked my bedroom door and turned back to everyone. Abby was playing with my stuffies with Rick and Shelly while Ternen and Alannah talked around the corner. “Okay, I’ll be right back.” I walked over and grabbed the cups and turned to my closet.
“Where are you going?” Rick turned and watched me open the door.
“Daddy, she will show us in a minute.” Abby waved as I winked at her and closed the door after me. I rushed through the cabin and added them to the shield, one after the other, and I waved at the trio in the living room.
“Amy!” Carl squealed. I gave her a hug before I whispered.
“I’ll be right back with a surprise.” I kissed her head and then I ran back to the closet. I opened the door and I waved them over. “Come on.” Everyone filed after me.
“Why are we going into your closet?” Rick asked.
“I’m showing you our escape plan.”
###Next D 381
Chapter 381
“The closet is the escape plan?” Ternen looked about as confused as Rick did.
I laughed. “Just follow me.” I walked into the closet and they all followed. “Close the door behind us, Ternen, please.”
“Okay.” I heard the door shut before I opened the next door, and then the one on the other side.
“You have a door that leads to a door?” Abby giggled.
“I do. Do you want to know why?” I asked, still using the other door to block their view.
“Why?” Abby came up behind me, and I opened both doors wide.
“Because this is a magic closet. Follow me.” I waved them forward, and we walked through my bedroom, down the hall, and
down the stairs.
“You have another house in your closet?” Shelly’s words were filled with awe. She turned to Rick. She elbowed him. “We can
barely afford the one and she has a huge house in a closet.”
I laughed and winked down at Abby. “Come on, I have someone I want you to meet.” I held out my hands and she lifted her arms.
“Sorry.” She whispered as we started down the steps.
“Why are you saying sorry?” I turned to her as we hit the ground floor.
“Because stairs are hard for me and make me tired.” She looked down at her hands. “I don’t want you to think you have to carry
I poked her cheek. “I will never be mad, or annoyed, or upset if I carry you.”
“Amy!” I heard the squeal before I turned in time to catch Carly.
“Hey baby girl. How was your day today?” I brushed back her curls and kissed her head.
“It was great. Aunt Wendy and Aunt Toya took me on a run. And we had lunch with daddy.” I smiled.
“That sounds like an amazing day. But I have a surprise for you.” I heard Wendy and Toya pulled up short as behind me.
“You said that. What is it?” Carly finally looked behind me and her eyes widened.
“This…” I stepped aside and pulled Abby to my side. “This is Abby.”
Carly’s eyes grew wide, and she wiggled in my arms to get down. “Hi.”
Abby smiled shyly. “Hi.”
“I’m Carly.” Carly smiled. “Did you want to be my friend?”
hey saw everyone
Abby smiled. “I would like that.”
+20 Bonu
“Do you want to go to r
my bedroom? I can show you all my toys.” Carly held out her hand, but I dropped a hand to her shoulder.
“Abby finds it a little hard right now to go up and down stairs.”
Carly looked up at me and then moved to Wendy and Toya. “Can Aunty Wendy and Toya help?” She looked at the others. “It will give you time to explain everything and show them around.”
I looked at Shelly and Rick. “Wendy and Toya are my best friends and would never harm Abby.” I rubbed Carly’s hair. “I trust
them with my girl here every day,” 
They looked at each other and then down at the two hopeful girls. There was a soft sigh, and then Shelly looked at me. “Promise
she is safe?”
“Absolutely.” I nodded. I turned to Wendy and Toya. “Do you mind?”
“Of course not.” Wendy smiled, and she walked over to Abby. “I’m Wendy.” She grinned. “Is it okay if I pick you up to go back
upstairs?”
Abby looked up at her parents and then both nodded. She turned back to Wendy. “Yes, please.” She held up her arms and Wendy
scooped her into her arms.
“Let’s go Carly.” Toya opened her arms and Carly jumped up. Then the four of them left us alone.
I waved everyone else out the front door. “This is our e
escape.” I walked out on to the grass and turned to look over the cabin.
“This was my great–grandmother’s land. She lived here, loved her, and died….well, close enough.” They laughed.
“This is in your closet?” Ternen looked around wide eyed.
“Sorta. My closet holds a portal here. Always connected.” I brought them around the side. “I know it isn’t much. But it’s safe. It’s
far enough that Vince won’t be able to find us. And best of all, there are enough bathrooms for all of us to us.” I turned to them.
“There aren’t, however, enough rooms.”
Rick looked at Shelly. “It won’t be forever.”
I shook my head. “No, it won’t be.” I looked at them. “My father’s pack will resurface, and we’ll all join them. You will get a house, a job, and for the love of the goddess. A fair wage.” I looked at Alannah and Ternen. “There are no rules about omega
pregnancy. There won’t be repercussions for asking for a new position.” I turned back to the land. “And you can watch your children grow up safe and sound after the war is over.”
Shelly gasped. “War?”
###Next D 382
Chapter 382
I nodded. “There is still so much you don’t know, and we don’t have time to explain it all today.” I turned in a slow circle. “I
honestly wish we could. But every time you come over. We can come here, allow the girls to play, and we can talk in more detail.
But…” I crouched down, trying to figure out how to make out here more protected. “Yes, there will be a war.”
“How are you so certain?” She looked terrified. I could see her twist her fingers.
“Because I know how the king feels. He wants to rip all the rot out at once. The rogues. The alphas. The men and women that
turned their backs on their kind for p
power.”
“But you could be wrong.” She tried again.
I closed my eyes and I felt the shift. I was no longer alone. “No, my dear girl. She isn’t.” I felt my body turn, almost as if Nix was in control. But I looked beside me and my two wolves were watching with me. I heard a few gasps, and I turned back to watch
“Who are you?” Rick stepped in front of his mate, but the person sharing my skin chuckled.
“Come now.” We walked closer and UI recognized the voice. “I know I don’t appear often, but you have heard my voice a time or two, Rick.” The goddess raised my hand and cupped his cheek. “I will keep you secrets, as long as you keep Amy’s.”
I watched as the realization hit him. “Moon Goddess.” He whispered in awe, and then dropped to his knees. “Save my daughter.”
He bowed down again. “I don’t care if it costs me my life. Just cure her, spare her. I promise I will go with you willingly.
We watched him on the ground and tilted our head. I realized that, much like when Nix was front, I counted the goddess as extension of me. Her voice was light when she called back to us, ‘That’s because I am. You come from me, mind, body, and soul.
We are intimately intertwined.‘
But we turned to Rick and crouched down. “I can not interfere with the lives on this earth directly. I can maneuver,
but intervention is expressly forbidden.”
. I can gui
guide,
Rick looked up and tears were falling down his face. “She’s only ten.”
I nodded, but Shelly slammed to her knees next to her husband. “Please, goddess, mother. You must feel our need, feel our pain.
Can’t you do this for us?”
We cupped both of their faces. “I cannot. I did it once, and this is what it brought.” There was a flash of a memory I saw years ago, The first werewolf, a man in a damp forest, changed for life. The goddess closed her eyes, and I knew I was right. “I cannot, will
not, risk the lives of all of my children.”
Shelly sobbed. “But she’s my little girl, and she’s going to die.” Rick and Shelly wailed, but the goddess kissed their foreheads. “If you don’t help us, we lose her.” Shelly clutched at our hand.
“Silly girl.” The goddess kissed her again. “I said I cannot interfere, but I didn’t say I hadn’t already sent you the answer to your prayers.” She lifted their faces up to meet their eyes. “Amy knows exactly what she is prepared and able to do to save your girl. Trust in her.” I saw in the reflection of their eyes that my eyes glowed a soft blue white. Almost like Rowan’s eyes if he had magic.
tour 382
Follow her. She will show you the way.”
“Yes, goddess.” Rick said instantly.
+20 Bon
The goddess turned to Shelly. “I came today for one reason. To reenforce what Amy is telling you. War is on the horizon. A war like now we have ever seen and if it isn’t handled in the next moon cycle, then all will be lost.” The goddess’s voice turned sad. “The ones that are moving in the shadows are poking the hornet’s nest. Humans are taking interest where they shouldn’t. My
children have hidden away, but nowhere will be safe if they keep pushing.” (1)
Her words bounced around in my head but I could feel her pulling away.
“What do you mean?” Termen called.
She turned to Alannah and Ternen. “Congratulations on the pup. If you make it through the next month, he will be so loved.” Th
goddess smiled at them.
“He?” Alannah’s hand shot to her belly, and then I saw her face harden.
We nodded. “To answer your question….” She sighed as she fully stood again. “If this war goes on too long. If the alphas keep pushing for power. You will be found. And no where I can give you will be safe, not anymore.” No where she gave us? Where was she talking about? But she continued. “The humans will find you, and you will be killed.” I could feel her shiver.
The sound of tiny running feet was all I heard before a soft voice finished. “And the ones that survive the human extermination will beg for death, they will make sure of it.”
###Next D 383
Chapter 383
Everyone turned in horror as Carly stood in the grass, white eye
blind to the world, voice too deep for a freshly seven–year–old child. Rick turned back to me, because the goddess left my body, and we were once again alone. “Is that who I think it is?”
Carly chuckled in a voice that sounded like she was grown. “If you are asking if I am the Shaman, I am indeed.” She turned to me. “High above us, where the stars can reach, the secret you are searching for has taken root.”
Something in my chest loosened. Something my soul has figured out, but my brain was still trying to catch up. “What do you mean?”
“You know.” She smiled, and then I watched her start to fall. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and before she could slam into the ground, I caught her.
“Holy shit, you have the shaman here?” Rick paced.
“Abby is playing with the shaman?” Shelly looked confused.
Ternen, sweet Ternen, just looked at us, “Who or what is the shaman?”
Everyone froze for a second and then everyone, including the newly awakened Carly, laughed. I think the comment broke through everyone’s heightened emotions and brought us all back down.
Wendy, Toya, and Abby all came out of the cabin and walked up to the laughing crowd. “Everything okay?” Toya sounded
worried.
I nodded. “Why?”
Toya pointed to Carly. “The girls were playing with the dolls and this one sprinted from the room.”
Carly wiggled to get down from my arms. “I felt a vision coming on and I needed to be with Amy when it hit.” She looked up at them. “I’m sorry if I scared you.”
Wendy crouched down with a smile. “It’s okay, sweetheart.” She tickled her side, earning a giggle. “We understand that your
power pushes you to do things. We just worry, is all.”
Carly hugged her and then turned to me. “You remember my words?” I nodded. “Good.” Then she turned to Abby. “Do you want to go back to play dolls?”
“Yes.” Abby danced in Toya’s arms.
“Hold your horses, girls.” My mom’s voice carried from the porch.
We all turned in surprise. “Ma?”
She laughed. “Morgan and Shannon are gone. The house is locked up and I came through with dinner.” She waved us over. on and eat, and then we can figure out or next steps.” She walked back into the house.
“Come
1/4
#20 Bonu
“Morgan left the house?” Toya lifted her brows.
I nodded. “You missed the bomb that dropped today.” Toya and Wendy looked intrigued. “I’ll tell you later.”
“Porch wine?” Wendy offered.
I nodded. “Porch wine.” I winked as we all turned and headed to the door.
“Porch wine?” Shelly caught up to me.
I laughed. “Yeah, after Carly is in bed, the three of us will catch up on the porch with a glass of wine. Toya started called it porch wine after the first night.” I slipped my arm around hers. “When you are here, you are more than welcome to join us.
“Oh I can’t.” She shook her head with a chuckle.
“Why the heck not?” I shook her lightly.
“Because I have Abby.”
I snorted. “Rick will be here, and she will be cured by then. I’m sure the man you mated can handle her for one night.”
She looked at me through her lashes. “You promise?”
I distractedly nodded. “Promise what? That he can handle his kid for a night. Goddess, I freaking hope so.” I laughed.
Shelly chuckled with me as we went up the porch steps, but she shook her head. “No. About Abby being cured by then?”
I pulled her to a stop before the door. “The only reason I’m not curing her instantly is because Vince would feel it. Or who ever he had to do the curse. It’s connected to the caster, and if any die, or the curse is lifted, they are instantly alerted.”
She quivered in my arms. “I can’t lose her.”
“And you won’t.” I squeezed her.
“Mommy, come on. Grandna Ainsley made lasagna, and garlic bread.” Abby bounced on her toes.
I looked at her. “Is lasagna your favorite?” She nodded. “My y mom makes the best lasagna ever.” Abby looked at her mom. 
“I think my mom does.” I smiled.
“Well, I guess we have to find out. Tonight we will have my moms, and maybe soon, we will get to have your moms.”
She grinned, and we headed inside. But instantly, something felt off. I left everyone downstairs as I made my way upstairs. Nels and Megan’s hackles were up. I started to run, but something was wrong.
I ran to my bedroom and realized my mom had left the connecting doors opened in her haste to come over with her hands full. I
went to close them, but I heard something scraping against metal.
I slipped through the doors, closing them as I went, and made it to my bedroom door when I heard it again. A soft scrap of something against my lock. I spun the lock and wrenched my door open.
383
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?
###Next D 384
Chapter 384
Shannon shrieked, surprised. Morgan jumped and Brandon, stupid Brandon, tucked the lock picks down by his side. “I’ll ask you again. What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” This time, I let a snarl leave my mouth.
Brandon stood with Shannon and Morgan at my door. Morgan and Shannon took a step back, realizing the danger, but Brandon
took a step closer to me, trying to force my door wider. “We are here to discuss something with you and your mother.” He tried to
be sweet and leaned in to kiss my cheek as once again he tried to push past, but I held the door tightly tucked to my side.
I looked over at Morgan and Shannon. “I asked you two to leave for a couple of days. I asked you to give her some space,”
“Amy-” Brandon tried to interrupt, but I stepped out of my room, pushing him back with a stumbling step and closing my door.
“Why are you back here?” I left my face show my anger, my annoyance.
“This is my house, too.” Morgan tried to stick out his chest. “I shouldn’t have to leave.”
I closed my eyes and pinched the bridge of my nose. “No.” He furrowed his brows, obviously confused, but I just said it again.
“No.”
Shannon stepped up next to Brandon. “Amy, you and Brandon are my best friends. He just wanted to come talk some sense into your mom.” She looked back at Morgan. “My dad was in a meeting with Vince. That’s why he wasn’t coming home for dinner. And Brandon and I were…busy.” She barely hid her smirk when she said that.
“No.” I just shook my head. 
“But he’s your boyfriend and alpha. You have to listen.” She stomped her foot.
I turned to Brandon. “Say whatever you came to say and then leave.” I wasn’t going to entertain this. Not tonight.
“Baby, common. It’s a misunderstanding.” He tried to slide past me and wrapped his finger around my door knob. “I’m just
going to talk to you mother and explain it to her.”
I laughed and then put my hand on his chest. “No.”
His eyes widened. “What? What do you even mean? You just keep saying no.”
I sighed. “Allow me to explain, then.” I pushed him back a few steps away from my door. I first turned to Shannon. “No, you are 
hands not going to ‘talk some sense‘ into my mom. No, you dad wasn’t in a meeting with Vince.” I turned to Morgan, pressing my together in almost a prayer, and pointed them at him. “No, this is not your house. I bought this house when Vince was going to take it back. And no, you do not have every right to stay here, not after what you did to my mother. And once again, I will reiterate
no, you were not with Vince.”
that 
“Baby.” Brandon whined.
Then I turned to him. “And Brandon, I say this with all the love I have for you in my heart.” Which was absolutely none. “That no, you aren’t going to talk to my mother. No, you aren’t going into my room to explain anything to her. No, it wasn’t a
1/3
misunderstanding, and yes, you will all be leaving my house now.” I stepped back.
+20 Bonus
Shannon pouted. “Your mom is making a big deal out of nothing. He was in a meeting with Vince all afternoon. She just happened. to call Vince the one time her stepped out to get Rick and quickly meet with him.” She rolled her eyes. “Like we said, it was a big
misunderstanding.”
“Oh, really?” I felt the corners of my lips turn down as I nodded. “That’s what happened?”
Morgan jumped at the chance. “Yes!” He nodded as he stepped close. “I swear it.”
I widened my eyes. “You swear it?” I looked around. “And what happens if you’re lying?
He furrowed his brow. “What? What do you mean?” He stumbled over his words.
“I meant you are swearing what Shannon just said was the truth…what is the penalty if you are lying?” I made my eyes wide and innocent. “I mean, I’ll try to convince her, but I want to hear what you will do if she catches you lying?” I heard my mother’s footsteps on the other side of the door. The woman has the timing of a god. She is always where I need her to be.
“I don’t know.” He shook his head. “Anything”
I smiled inwardly. “A divorce.”
He reeled back. “What?”
“I know my mom and I know that if you are lying again, and she knows. She will want a divorce. But you swear you are telling
truth.” I shrugged.
He opened his mouth to say no, I could see it. But Shannon, stupid Shannon smirked. “Deal.” Morgan whirled on her. “But if telling the truth, then you mom has to agree to move on and have his pups.”
###Next D 385
Chapter 385
I smiled internally as the door behind me ripped open. “Deal.” My mother stepped out and shut the door behind her, moving
everyone back a step. “But I want you to swear it to the goddess.”
Morgan shook his head. “I shouldn’t have to swear my words are truthful to the goddess.”
She scoffed. “I think that right there shows your sincerity, Morgan. But not what I meant. If you can prove to me you weren’t
cheating or lying, then I will believe you, and I will have your pups. I want you to swear on the goddess that if I have proof your
lying, that you will grant me a fast divorce.”
Shannon once again jumped in. “Deal.” She pushed her father forward. “Come on, daddy make the deal.”
Morgan hesitated again before he nodded to himself. I think he has to work up the nerve to make the vow. “I, Morgan Bain, swear
that if you have reasonable proof that I was lying or cheating, then I will grant you a divorce.”
My mother growled. “A fast divorce.”
Morgan sighed, but corrected himself. “I, Morgan Bain, swear that if you have reasonable proof that I was lying or cheating, then
I will grant you a FAST divorce.” Everyone felt the vow settled around us. “Happy now?”
“Immensely.” My mom pointed to the stairs. “Amy’s friends shouldn’t have to hear this bullshit.”
Morgan frowned. “Rick and his family are still here?”
My mom rolled her eyes. “You have been gone less than ten minutes. Did you think they ate and then took off in that time?” She
scoffed. “I was in there talking to them, and then we heard you out here.” She growled. “I told you to fucking leave and you couldn’t even fucking do that. Now go.” She crossed her arms. But even then, everyone just stared at her. She released her aura, and it pounded into them, surprising even Brandon. “GO DOWNSTAIRS NOW.” Her command took effect immediately. Morgan and Shannon spun on their heels and headed downstairs. Brandon wavered and my mother turned to him. “I know you are an alpha, and your nature is to fight a command from someone who you feel is under your authority, but I am a grown wolf, fully seated in her power. I was born an alpha, made a luna, and I have only bowed down to your father because it was expected of me,
not because he could make me.”
Brandon trembled against her. “You’re lying.” He choked out.
My mom laughed. “No, I’m not. Amy is as much mine as she is Gavin’s. Her strength comes from not just him.” I watched as her
face fell. “Now, you will either listen to me now, or I will force you. And you do not want to be humbled by me.”
Brandon tried to stay upright, but I felt my mother push her aura, and he folded. He turned on his heel and walked down the
stairs, fuming. “This is fucking ridiculous.” 
I had to cover my mouth before I could laugh. I had to be smart. I couldn’t push this too far. While he was still in range, I looked over at my mom. “Did you really have to do that? He’s my boyfriend, soon mate, you need to do better.” I winked as she whirled
to me. 
Chapter 385
+30 Bonus
She looked at me for a second, and then she smiled. “You know why I’m pissed and you’re really going to take his side over mine? Today, of all days?”
“Mom, it isn’t like that, and you know it. I’m with you. I’m on your side for what Morgan did to you, but Shannon and Brandon aren’t involved with him or his poor decisions.” I had to pinch my cheek to stop the snort and laughter.
My mom swatted me. “How could you?” She sounded hurt, and then she turned away and started towards the stairs, silently laughing as we heard the hurried footsteps of Brandon fade away. “Let’s get this done.”
She stomped down the stairs, and I followed. We made it to the kitchen table where everyone was seated and pulled out the chairs. Shannon sniffed. “Did you make your lasagna?” She wiped at her mouth. “Since we are sitting down, why don’t we eat? No reason to let the food go to waste.”
My mom snorted. “That food is for Amy’s guests. Not you. Plus, didn’t you say that you and Brandon were eating dinner, talking about the final decisions for Amy’s mating ceremony to Brandon?” She narrowed her eyes. “Or are you just as much of a liar that your father is?” My mom leaned in. “Are you fucking Brandon again, Shan? Are you stealing my daughter’s chosen mate for fun while you are pretending to plan her mating ceremony?” My mom stood slowly. “Are you a liar? A cheater?” She slammed her hands down as Shannon’s fear scented the air.
“I, I, I.” She stammered. “Of course not. Amy is my best friend.” She looked at me. “You believe me, right?”
Comments
###Next D 386
Chapter 386
+30 Bonus
I stared at her for a second too long, and I saw sweat spring to her forehead. Then I smiled. “Of course I believe you. Brandon wouldn’t cheat on me…right?” I turned to him and he swallowed loud enough that I heard it across the table. “You wouldn’t do that to me after what my dad did to my mom, right?”
He jumped, like I surprised him. “Of course I wouldn’t.” But even from here, I could see the guilt eating at him.
“I know your dad has different views about mating than I do. And if that is what you want, we can still cancel the mating ceremony.” I let hurt enter my eyes. “I just refuse to share my mate with anyone.”
He swallowed again. “I know. And I agree with you. I promise I would never do that to you.”
I smiled. “Okay.” I turned to my mom. “I believe him.” She turned to glare at him for a minute and then I watched her crumple.
“I’m sorry, baby.” She turned to Shannon. “I didn’t mean to accuse you. I’m just on edge.”
Shannon nodded and turned to look at her dad. “It’s okay. Let’s get this cleared up, and then we will go and give you guys the night. We will come back in the morning.” My mother growled, but then nodded.
“Fine, but you can only come back if our dad proves me wrong. Otherwise, he stays gone, and only you can come back for stuff.”
Morgan huffed a sigh. “I was in a meeting, Ain, I swear.”
your
My mother turned away. But Shannon furrowed her brow. “What do you mean, I would be the only one allowed back to grab our stuff?” She looked at me but I turned away like I couldn’t meet her eyes. “Amy?” I shook my head. “Ainsley?”
My mom huffed. “Do you think I would want to live with you still if your father is cheating on me? If we divorce?” She threw up her hands. “Of course I won’t.” She leveled Shannon with a look. “You both were banking on my kindness, and that I have been submissive to you for all of these years, like a good mate. But you both forget who I am, what I am, and how I got here.” She growled softly.
“Goddess Ainsley. I haven’t done anything.” Morgan whined, but my mom growled.
Shannon was still confused. My mom released her full aura. “I was a born alpha, the only one in my generation. I was a fully bonded luna. And I got here because my mate cheated on me. Do you think if I didn’t allow my goddess given mate fuck around behind my back that somehow I would put up with it from you?” She pointed to Morgan and laughed. Fully laughed. “You are as fucking delusional as your daughter.” She shook her head. “Lets get this done.”
Morgan stared at her for a minute before he looked at her. “Ainsley, I swear. I was with Vince all afternoon. You just happened to call him when he stepped out.”
She nodded. “Anything else?”
Shannon jumped in. “You know my dad loves you. He has bent over backwards trying to show you how much he cares this last
Chapter 386
+30 Bonus
year.” My mom nodded. “I saw him and Vince together when Brandon and I walked past the office.” She nodded. “I swear they
were in there all afternoon.”
My mom looked at me and I winced. Her eyes were full of fire. I hissed. “Morgan?” I bit my lip, looking between the three. “Are you sure?” I looked at Brandon. “Maybe you are confusing it with another day?”
Shannon and Brandon both shook their heads. “No way.” Brandon jumped in. “That’s why I came today. I wanted to clear everything up.” He smiled and slid his head towards me, but I allowed my face to drop and I pulled away.
“You too?” I made myself sound hurt. “Your sticking to this story too, Brandon?”
1 
My mom pulled me to her side, and she shot Brandon a glare. “I wish I could say I expected different, but I’m not.” My mom shot him and, for the first time, a tiny seed of doubt crept into his eyes.
“Ainsley, that hurts me to hear you say that.”
She leaned over and kissed my head. “Yeah, it hurts me to say I was right about you. You are not worth my daughter.”
I looked back at Brandon, and I allowed a tear to fall. “I love him, mom.” My voice quivered.
Brandon pushed back in his seat, ready to stand. “I love you too Amy.”
I shook my head. “If you loved me, truly loved me, you wouldn’t be lying.” I shook my head and turned to Morgan. “Is there anything else you want to say?”
Morgan furrowed his brows. “I didn’t do anything,” He whined and my mom lost the tiny thread she was holding on to,
“That’s fucking it.” She pulled out her phone. “I know you’re lying. Because Vince came to Amy’s office right after her lunch. I know you are lying because Rick and Vince were together from one in the afternoon until six when I called. And I know you’re fucking lying because I was sent this.”
###Next D 387
Chapter 387
She slammed her phone onto the table where everyone could see. We all leaned in and in perfect color, there was Morgan, balls
deep inside his secretary.
Morgan paled. “Where…where did you get this?” He tried to grab the phone, but my mom pulled it away.
She laughed, but it was filled with a sharpness I had never heard before. “Did you think I wouldn’t find out?” She tilted her head.
“Did you think that I would have really turned this cold over a run? A fucking run?” She slammed her hands down onto the table,
causing them to jump.
Morgan’s mouth bobbed up and down. “I-”
“Shut the fuck up.” My mom screamed and then she almost deflated. “I think you have done enough talking for a long time,
don’t you think? Ainsley, it was just a run. Ainsley, I love you and only you. Ainsley, sleep in the same bed as me or else Amy will
be in danger.” Her eyes filled with disgust. “I know.”
Morgan sank into her chair. “You know…”
“I’ve known since last year.” She clicked the text chain before she got the photo in. “Your whore had a mate, didn’t she? One that
disappeared? Yeah, he transferred out after severing the bond. Surprise surprise, even non ranked wolves don’t like their betas
fucking their mates. Who knew?”
He leaned over his knees. “You have known for a fucking year?” She nodded. “Then this whole time you were mad about—
“You fucking your secretary? That’s right. That’s why I never let you fucking touch me. I don’t want to catch rabies from the two
of you.” She snarled again.
“Ainsley, it doesn’t mean anything. I do love you.” He tried, he really did, but she wasn’t fucking having it.
“You lied, you cheated, and now there is only one thing left to do.” She whispered, her eyes glazing over in pain.
Shannon shot up. “No.”
My mom shook her head. “Yes.” She closed her eyes and tilted her head back. “Because I refused to be a second choice, mate. I deserve to be someone’s entire world.” I could hear the pain in her voice, and this time it was real. “I deserve to be treated fairly, loved fully, and goddess fucking grant me a family who appreciates me.” Her eyes landed on Shannon. “Did you ever treat me fairly, Shannon? Did you ever love me…at all? After every sleepless night, taking care of you, feeding you, keeping you clothed, happy, and safe. Have you ever once treated me like a mother? Like I was a part of this family?”
Shannon flinched. “I did! I loved you and now you’re making up this bull shit trying to defame my father.” She raised her hand
and I stood up.
I raised my brow, stepping forward. “I stood up for you. Do not make me regret it. You have no stake in this.” She looked wounded. “Now. What ever is between them, can stay there. But if you try to say she is lying again, or hit her, I will fight you.” She stepped back.
1/3
Chapte
hapter 387
Brandon stood. “Amy, you can’t mean that.”
+30 Bonus
I looked at him. “But I do. This is my mom. And I understand Morgan is her dad and if the roles were reversed, she would do the same. He cheated, not my mom. He broke this family, not her.” I turned back to Shannon. “I’m serious.”
Her lip quivered. “But I’ll have nowhere to go.”
“You have the pack house. The beta family has a wing, remember?” I finished.
Morgan dropped to his knees and shuffled over. “Ainsley please.” He tried to touch her, but she slapped his hand away.
“Do not fucking touch me.” She growled. Then she stood. “I expect the divorce to be processed tomorrow.”
“Goddess, please Ainsley.” He tried to move closer, and my mom relented and crouched down to his level. “I love you.” He
reached for her face and this time, she allowed him to touch her.
“Once upon a time, I might have believed it.” She smiled and leaned in. “But I’m not stupid. I know now that you never loved me.
You loved the power you held over me.” My mom reached out and grabbed his chin. “You loved twisting the knife my mate put
there. You loved making me feel inferior. You loved how shattered I was.” She turned his face to face me and pressed her cheek against his. “But do you want to know what I think you loved the most?” The anger that came into her voice was terrifying. “I
think you loved using my pup, my child, as an axe over my head. I think you loved using her safety as a ket to my bed, and
eventually my heart.” She turned his face back to hers. “What did you used to say, Morgan?” 1
“I didn’t-” He stated, but I saw her fingers tighten on his jaw.
“Oh, that’s right. If you aren’t going to be a proper wife to me, I don’t know how I can keep Amy safe. If Vince doesn’t think we
are an actual family, I won’t be able to fight him on you both becoming a slave.” She pushed his face away, causing him to fall to the floor. “At first I was too hurt to realize it for what it truly was. I thought you were just looking out for me, for her, but this past year…I saw your manipulations. And I realized.” She stood. “You used to threated a two–year–old pup about becoming a slave just to sleep with me. You fucking disgust me. Now get the fuck out of my house.”
###Next D 388
Chapter 388
My mom reeled back and spat next to him on the ground. “I never want to see you again.” Then she spun around and stomped
halfway back up the stairs. “Remember, divorce, tomorrow.”
Morgan rallied the fool. “And what if I 
say
no?”
My mom ran back into the room. Her finger poked straight into his chest. “You fucking bastard. You swore to the goddess.”
“And what if I changed my mind?” He smirked. “What if I decided I would rather keep you than let you go?”
My mom screamed, but it was my quiet words that caught everyone’s attention. “Then you die.”
Everyone froze. A pin could drop, a leaf could blow a block away, and we would all hear it. Shannon chuckled awkwardly. “What?”
Brandon furrowed his brows. “Amy, you can’t mean that.”
But my eyes were focused on Morgan, and only him.
Morgan stepped back a step. “What did you say?” He looked at my mom, but she was stepping closer to me. “You can’t mean
that, Amy.” 
I sighed, as if this was all too much. “You swore to the goddess Morgan, in front of witnesses, no less.” I cracked my neck and
stood. “You cheated on my mother for years. You have apparently been abusing her all this time with the power dynamic between
the two of you that Shannon and I obviously missed.” I threw her a look, adding her name to make it seem like I didn’t think she
was involved. “But if you refuse to follow the promise you made to her, and the goddess. If you use your power again to torment her any more. Then I mean it.”
“Amy.” Shannon gasped.
I forced a pained look on my face. “Shannon, please understand. If this was your father that was cheated on, if it was flipped and you had to protect him from us, you would do the same.” I turned to Morgan. “I don’t want to hurt you. Please understand that.
But for my mother, I will do everything I can to give her what she needs.”
“She needs?” Brandon interrupted. I nodded. “She doesn’t NEED to be divorced.”
I leveled him with a look. “Who are you to say?” I tilted my head and I allowed my anger to enter my eyes. “My mother left my father the very night he cheated on her. She was covered in blood, losing my brother, and she crawled away and requested a transfer. Once the miscarriage was finished, she was gone before anyone else woke up. If she couldn’t stay one day after that betrayal from her goddess given mate. If she couldn’t forgive my father, who are you to say that she doesn’t need a divorce?” I turned to Morgan. “You can’t make her stay with you. I won’t allow it.”
“Allow it. It’s the Alpha’s decision to grant a divorce.” Shannon tossed out.
I nodded. “You’re right, which is why I didn’t say I would make him divorce her. The alpha has final decision on divorces but not challenges.” 
1/4
Chapter 389
+30 Bonus
Morgan scoffed. “You can’t challenge me.”
I leveled him with a look. “Are you sure?” I tilted my head. “Are you one hundred percent sure that a female can’t challenge you for a position in battle?”
Morgan hesitated, but then shook himself. “Yes, I am sure.” He shook his head and gave a short laugh. “Females can’t challenge
a male for his position. Rank in pack is based on the male counterparts.
I smirked. “Correct, a law I think archaic.”
Shannon smiled. “See.”
“>
“But I never said it was going to be a position to challenge. I would call for a Cath Báis.”,
Shannon gasped and staggered back a step. “No.”
Brandon reached for her but then stilled, like he thought better of grabbing her in front of me. “Amy, you can’t be serious about
asking for a death battle over this.”
My mom came over and kissed me. “It’s not necessary, my love.”
I huffed out a sigh. “I’m over this. You have until tomorrow to make your decision. Either you follow your vow and divorce. Or you
forsake yourself and I request a Cath Báis.” I nodded towards the stairs. “Make your choice. Or don’t I don’t honestly care at this
point? I’m tired and I have a guest that I need to send home.” I moved towards the door. “Please, leave.”
swung the door open and waited. Brandon walked to me first. “Baby.” He tried to grab me, but I pulled away.
“I understand you came here to stand up for Shannon and your father’s beta, but I’m not dumb enough to believe you were truthful to me.” I looked at him and hurt made my eyes well up with tears. “I honestly don’t even know what to say to you. I just
need time.” Brandon sat there, stunned. “Please, just leave for now.”
Shannon ran over and grabbed his hand. “Amy, how can you say that?”
“Because he is supposed to be my mate, and even though we are friends, he chose you over me.” I looked at her dead in the eyes. “That seems to happen more and more frequently, don’t you think?” A tiny threat entered my voice.
Morgan caught it. I saw him twitch. “Fine, we are leaving.” Then he stormed out the door, pushing the others. I slammed the
door and locked it with magic.
I turned to my mother. “They won’t be coming back here.” My mom sighed.
Then a smile broke across her face. “Was that believable enough?”
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 389
Chapter 389
+15 Bonus 
The next morning, my mom came with me to the pack house. We walked in and everyone froze. A few whispers could be here in the back, but my mom kept her head raised high and headed straight upstairs. But when she reached the second floor, I grabbed
her before she could head to Vince’s office and anything happened. 1
“What are you doing?” She hissed back at me.
I smiled. “Did you think I would make you face them alone?” I shook my head and nodded toward the hallway. “Come to my
office, so I can drop off my stuff. I’ll let Rick know where I’ll be and then come with you.”
My mom shook her head. “I can do this alone.”
I snorted. “Of course you can, but I won’t let you.” I pulled her to my office and walked in to find Brandon pacing the floor. I felt my face stiffen for a minute and I looked away quickly, like I was fighting tears. “Brandon, I told you I needed space.”
“Babe.” He came towards me but stopped short when he saw my mom.
“Brandon.” Her voice was cool. “I’m surprised you managed to get away from Shannon.” Her words were like knives and I saw them hit their mark. Good. I want him to be on shaky ground. I need him to be unsure, but not clingy. It was a balancing act, and I
hadn’t found the sweet spot yet.
“Ainsley, I didn’t realize you were coming in today with Amy.” Brandon was trying to recover.
My mom scoffed. “I said I was coming in for my divorce. The earlier, the better.”
Brandon raised his hands in surrender. “I’m not your enemy.” He looked to me for help but I just looked away and wiped at my
dry face. “Amy, I wasn’t trying to hurt you.”
“Yet again, you chose your ex girlfriend instead of your supposed mate.” My mother glared at him. “You keep acting like you are the victim here, Brandon. But I was cheated on, I was betrayed. And then you sided with your ex girlfriend. Amy did nothing to deserve what you did. AND YOU HAVE DONE IT OVER AND OVER.” She shook herself and dropped her voice back down. Her arm came around my shoulder. “I was the victim of Morgan, but Amy, she is the victim of you and Shannan.”
Brandon came over to us and tried to grab my hands. But I pulled away. “Amy..splease.”
I finally looked at him, and I made sure I had tears filling my eyes. “I’ve been thinking…maybe we should cancel the mating ceremony.” He stumbled back a step. “I love you but it’s obvious you still have feelings for Shannon. And I don’t want to come
between you two.” 
“But we are supposed to be mated in less than a month.” He looked a little lost.
“I know, but since Shannon spent most of the time creating the mating ceremony, maybe she will be okay stepping in as your mate. It’s obvious you want to be together.” I looked away. “Please excuse us. My mom needs to speak to your dad.” I smiled sadly. “I’ll let him know so that everything will be handled today.” I turned away and walked into Rick’s office. 
1/2
Chapter 389
+15 Bonus
“Amy?” He looked up and saw my face. “What’s wrong?” He stood and walked over to the door, and saw my mother glaring at Brandon. I watched his face cool. “Alpha Brandon, I know I don’t have the right to ask, but I think it’s better if you leave. Could
you head to your father’s office? I’m sure you will be present in the meeting Amy was just talking about.”
Brandon looked like he wanted to argue, but my mom growled. His eyes cut to her and I heard him swallow. I had to cover my mouth like I was holding in a sob to keep my smile hidden. “Yeah. I’ll go. Amy…we will talk later.” Then his steps faded away.
I made it a show to wipe more of my face and sniffled for the camera wherever it was. And then I walked over to Rick. “Thank you for that.” I gave him a watery smile. “I came in here to tall you I was going with my mother to handle her divorce, but hopefully I
will be back to finish the day.”
Rick shook his head. “No. I think after the meeting, you and your mom should head home.” He gave me a look. There was
something I needed to see, and he was giving me an excuse to disappear for the day.
“Are
you
sure? I can still work.” I let my smile waver. But Rick shook his head.
“Go for a run, reconnect with you, wolf. Your entire world is about to shift. Take the day, take the night, and then come back
tomorrow and work. I was able to do my work before you. I can manage a day.” He patted my shoulder and gave it a squeeze. 1
Something was happening in the forest today and I was going to find out what it was. 1
limited offer: Top up now to get 5% more bonus 
###Next D 390
Chapter 390
+15 Bonus
We walked into Vince’s office a few minutes later, and everyone was already waiting. Morgan and Shannon were on the left. One chair was empty to the right, and Brandon was standing next to Vince, who was already seated behind the desk, looking stern.
“Alpha Vince.” I nodded once and stood behind my mother who took the chair.
“Vince.” My mom looked to the left. “I assume you know why we are here.”
He nodded. “I did here. But why don’t you tell me?”
My mom rolled her eyes. “Im here for a quick divorce and a transfer. I already submitted my request to the King.” Everyone stopped breathing.
“You did what?” Vince’s voice was barely a whisper.
But my mom smiled. “Did you think I would stick around here?” She chuckled. “My request to transfer has already been approved, my new pack has accepted, and I just have to finalize everything here.” She looked down at her nails.
“You had no right.” Morgan screamed.
But my mom just swung her head towards him. “Are you stupid?”
Morgan blinked slowly at her. “What?”
“Are you stupid? Did you hit your head? Did you somehow forget everything about me in the span of a fucking day?” She
slammed her hand down on the table.
“I, I, I.” Morgan looked at Vince, and I could see the pleading looking on his face.
“What do you mean, Ainsley?” Vince was doing his best to stay cordial, but he was failing. I leaned against the wall and watched everything unfold silently.
“My goddess given mate cheated on me…” My mom shook her head as if that explained everything. And it honestly did. They were just too stupid to understand what she was saying.
“Yes, I know.” Vince looked at me, but he raised his eyebrow like he was asking for an explanation.
I sighed, and I pushed off the wall. “My mother was almost dying, in pain, and as soon as she found out of the betrayal she asked the King for a transfer, applied to packs, and was gone in a day. Mating bonds are obviously different from a marriage. One is more sacred, but less binding. If she could do all of that while dealing with losing my brother. This is nothing and she is confused as to why you are both so blindsided by her swift actions.”
Vince turned to Morgan. “What happened?”
Morgan’s voice failed him as he fumbled over his thoughts. “It was a mistake.” He finally finished.
“What do you mean?” Vince’s eye twitched.
1/3
Chapter 390
+15 Bonus
My mom clenched her fists. “Yesterday, I caught him in a lie. But let’s be honest here. You aren’t stupid Vince, and you know
everything that goes on in this pack house.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about, Ain.” He smiled and did his best to seem like he was on her side. I watched his detached amusement. They were really going to pretend that no one had any idea Morgan was an idiot.
My mom smirked as she pulled out her phone. “Really?” She scrolled for a few minutes before she looked up. “You are sticking to
the story. You don’t know what I’m talking about, Vince?”
He held up his hands. “Ainsley, I’m on your side. I understand Morgan lied, but that doesn’t qualify for a divorce. You need a
better reason.”
She nodded. “Sure. But he swore to the goddess that if I could prove he was lying to me, that he was betraying me, that he would give me a quick divorce.” She crossed her arms. “Are you saying that you won’t follow the promise made to the goddess, because you think my reasoning is good enough to get a divorce?” Her eyes turned cold. “Is that what you are saying to me, Vincent?”
“Hey now. I understand he made promises and I will do my best to make sure he follows through with them, but I don’t understand. Were there any witness’s to the promise?”
I looked around the room, and Morgan shook his head. “I never made the promise.”
My mother growled and shot to her feet. “You fucking lying piece of shit!”
Shannon came over and grabbed my mother’s hand. “Mom, please. I know my dad lied to you but you can work past this, Please. Stay for me. Stop making up these lies about a promise to the goddess. We can’t work through anything if we aren’t truthful.” She shot me a look, pleading. Then she turned to Brandon. Everyone turned to him. I could see him thinking through his choices.
“Brandon? What did you see?” Vince prompted him, but his eyes snapped to mine. There was pain there. I could see Brandon turn to Vince and they were mind linking. Vince’s eyes widened. “Ah, I see.” Then Brandon turned and left.
“Hey!” Shannon went to grab his arm, but he spun away and slammed the door. “Where did he go?”
Comments
###Next D 391
Chapter 391 
+15 Bonus
There was silence in the room as Brandon’s steps faded away. Then Vince looked at me. “Brandon doesn’t want to get between his mate and her sister. So he respectfully stepped away from deciding. So as to not hurt either of you.” I wanted to lift my lip in
disgust.
He’s fucking pathetic. Megan’s voice was vicious. He can’t even stand by his fucking whore when she needs him. What a
worthless male.
Nix rubbed her side against Megan. We got away from him this time around. We don’t have to worry about this pup after all of
this is over. I tuned back into the office as my two wolves comforted each other.
“What?” Shannon looked back at me. “He left because of you?” I could see she wanted to scream, to pout. I shook my head.
“I already told Brandon, so I might as well tell you here.” I swallowed and forced more tears into my eyes.
Dramatic. Nix scoffed, and I grinned back at her.
“I told Brandon today that I realized he was still in love with you, Shannon. Obviously, he still wants to be with you because he has been on your side, supporting you through all of this. I can’t stand between you two anymore.” Shannon was nearly vibrating
with excitement.
“What are you saying?” Her voice couldn’t hide just how happy she was with my words. Vince’s eyes tightened. He wanted her to say no, to downplay their relationship, but she was too emotional to follow his instructions. I watched as his eyes burned into the
side of her face, but she wasn’t even noticing.
“You made the mating ceremony. You should be the luna of this pack. I’ll just go to my dad’s land when I’m able to rebuild
Silvermoon.” I turned away like I was breaking, and Shannon, stupid, unstable, inept Shannon, screamed her joy to the room.
“Are you serious?” She hopped up and down. “Amy, are you serious?” She ran to my side and hugged me. “Oh my goddess. Thank you. I love him so much and I know he loves me.”
“Shannon.” Vince called.
“I swear I’ll make him happy. I will be the best luna.” She continued.
“Shannon.” Vince was a little louder, but still she ignored him. Morgan’s face was filled with fear. He knew Shannon was ruining
everything they had planned.
“Shan, baby, Alpha Vince is calling you.” He tried to get her attention, but she was too far gone.
“I can’t believe this.” She cried and her hand dropped to her stomach. I knew instantly that she was about to say that she was
pregnant. She wasn’t I could smell her period coming, but she was going to. “I’m preg-” 
“SHANNON! THAT’S ENOUGH!” Vince bellowed, slamming his aura out, dropping both Morgan and Shannon to the floor with a
thud. My mother and I stood against the waves and stared down at them.
1/3
Chapter 391
+15 Bonus
My mom reached back and grabbed my hand. “Oh, goddess baby.” She squeezed, and I allowed the tears to fall. “I’m so sorry.”
Vince stood and walked over to me. “She is lying.” He was panicked and Brandon ran back into the room.
“What happened?” His words were shallow as he was panting from running full speed back here.
“What happened?” My mother stood, walked over to Brandon, and slapped him. He stared at her with wide eyes before he turned
to Vince. But Vince marched over to him and punched him in his face. He stumbled against the wall and fell to the ground.
“Dad?” Brandon cried.
But Vince unleashed his aura again. “Tell us Shannon is fucking lying.” I felt something shift.
What the hell? Nix stood up instantly.
What? Megan looked back and forth between us, confused.
I kept my face blank as I watched the scene unfold in front of me, and I allowed Nix to explain. She paced. The power in the room making her itchy. Her fur danced as she spun. When a wolf gives a command, everyone can hear it. Their aura combines with their words and the command is a visceral feeling in everyone’s chest.
Okay? Megan watched her pace. I don’t understand Vince didn’t give a command.
But he did. Nix came to the barrier. It wasn’t in his aura, or his words, but hidden inside both. It was there.
I don’t know what you are saying. Megan walked closer.
Nix pushed forward, coming to sit next to me, closer to the front. I don’t know how to explain it. He didn’t use his command, but he gave Brandon a command. He sounded like he was pleading with him to say she was lying, but in truth, he was commanding him to lie, to cover up his affair.
How is that possible?
My magic flared in her place, bright, dazzling, and silently answering Megan’s question. I swallowed, and for the first time I felt dread in my gut. He used magic.
###Next D 392
Chapter 392
Brandon struggled on the ground, but he wiped the blood from his lip. “I don’t even know what Shannon said. How can I tell you
if she is lying?”
My mother snarled and tried to attack him again. “You fucking son of a bitch.” She swiped at him but I puled her back and just
shook my head.
I sniffled as I wiped my face on the neck of my shirt, then I turned to face him. “I told Shannon I was stepping back and canceling
our mating ceremony because you guys are obviously in love. She was very excited and said that she loved you. That you loved
her.” I let a sob out. “That she was pregnant with your pup.” I slapped my hand over my mouth and I turned. I put my face on my
mother’s chest and silently laughed. The shaking thankfully looked like sobs.
“What?” Brandon looked at Shannon. “You’re pregnant?”
She looked down. “I think so.”
“It isn’t mine.” Brandon scoffed. “Why are you lying?” He stood.
Morgan and Shannon turned their head to look at Brandon and so did my mom. Nix’s words were soft as they answered my
question. They didn’t hear the command. They think that Brandon is just lying because he wants to keep us.
Shannon sobbed as she clutched at her stomach. “I’m not lying. I’m late.” She reached out for Brandon. “Tell her the truth
Brandon, we are in love.”
But he shook his head and stepped over to me. “I would never do that to you. I know what you dad did to your mom. Sure, I was too close with Shannon. I’ll give you that, but that stops today. I swear I didn’t get her pregnant.” His words were filled with
sincerity. I could almost believe him. (1)
“She isn’t even pregnant.” Vince walked over to Shannon and crouched down, giving him a hand up. 1
“What?” Morgan and Shannon got to their feet once Vince got rid of his aura. Morgan looked at Shannon. “She said she thought she was.” He looked at me. I could see the hatred barely contained there. “Are you lying because of Amy?”
Vince shook his head. “Get your head out of your ass and use your nose. She is getting her period later today or tomorrow.” Vince let his face soften. “I don’t know who you thought got you pregnant, but you aren’t. Have you even had your first heat yet?” He pulled her closer to Morgan. “You have to meet your mate, or use herbs to force a heat to be able to get pregnant Shan. Have either of those things happened?”
Shan looked down at the ground and shook her head. “No. But I’m late.”
“Stress can do that.” My mom snapped out. “Stupid girl.” She vibrated with her anger. “You ruined a relationship because you are too stupid to realize basic werewolf biology.” She turned back to me in disgust. “Baby? Are you okay?” I started to cry.
“I don’t know what to believe.” I shook. “But this has turned into a meeting about this weird love triangle when it is supposed to be about you and Morgan.” Brandon tried to reach for me, but I pulled away. “Can we get back to you and Morgan, please?”
1/2
Chapter 392
+15 Bonus
My mom wiped at my face and pulled me to the chair, pushing me down. “Of course we can.” She turned a glare to Vince. “So you were saying you don’t know about Morgan’s betrayal?”
Vince looked a little dazed at the topic switch, but he moved around the desk, pulling Brandon along with him. “Um, yes.” He shook his head, confused. “Without direct proof, then the divorce won’t happen.”
My mother laughed and tossed her phone on to the desk. “Then proceed with the divorce, you lying piece of shit.” She snarled,
catching Vince off guard.
“I don’t know who you think you are talking to.” He slowly stood back up.
“Look at the fucking photo.” My mother shot back, causing everyone to freeze again. Dis she just say photo? I wiped at a stray tear and leaned into the phone, expecting to see the photo of Morgan and his secretary. But this time I jumped back, slapping my
hand over my mouth, trying miserably to cover my gasp. 2
Brandon and Shannon scrambled to look at the picture on the screen and they two stepped back from the picture with a pale face.
Vince was frozen over the phone, pale and sweating. Morgan silently looked over the desk to the phone, and crumpled to the
ground.
“No.” His whisper was ragged and barely audible.
Vince slowly looked up, and the look in his eyes would have scared me if I were another wolf. Nix and Megan were howling in
laughter. Oh, my fucking goddess. This makes so much gods damn sense. I can’t breathe. Nix rolled on the ground.
All this bullshit to cover up that? Megan chortled. They act like it’s a sin, lie the goddess would turn on them, but she loves
everyone. 1
Nix nodded. It isn’t love Meg, it’s greed. It’s about power. Vince wants to fuck everyone over. She howled again in laughter.
Literally. I winced as the photo flashed in my mind again. Morgan was on all fours with a dog mask and a crisscross of leather on
his chest as his secretary rode his back and Vince was on his knees behind him. They were obviously enjoying it all.
“What in god’s name is that?” Brandon was the first to speak, and Vince turned quick as lightning, hitting his face again. He fell against the window, shattering the glass and nearly stumbling out of the building.
“Shut the fuck up.”
Comments
###Next D 393
Chapter 393
+15 Bonus
The room remained silent for a second, before Vince grabbed the phone and slammed it into the desk, shattering it. But my mom
just smirked. “Oh, don’t worry Vince. I have backups.” She crossed her arms. “Now…about my divorce.” The smirk on her face
was amazing.
But I had to play both sides. “Mom. You can’t let that photo get out. It’s obviously fake. Morgan might do that, but Alpha Vince would never do that.” I pleaded with my mom, but she just patted my hand.
“Don’t worry, baby. Whether the photo is real, it’s your concern.” My mom turned back to Vince. “Is it?”
Vince looked at me and I could see the relief. He thought I was stupid enough to believe it was real. He still had some standing
with me. Brandon stood back up, wincing from the pain. “She’s right. I don’t know what Morgan does in his spare time, but
father would never do something like that.” Brandon crossed over to me and tried to grab my hand.
my
“I will stand up for your dad, because he is my alpha and that photo is made to make Morgan and him look bad. But don’t think
that makes me forgive you for what you did to me.”
Brandon dropped to his knees and opened his mouth, but my mom jumped in. “My daughter it right. The picture undermines
your status. It also makes it seem like you two are in a very disturbing relationship with your wife and mate. If you were both
single, then it is a harmless photo of fun. But right now…of this got around…” My mother let her threat hang in the air.
“Ainsley, you wouldn’t.” Morgan walked over to her, and she growled, fangs descending with a snap.
“Oh, sweetheart.” She grabbed his face and leaned in. “To get away from you. Absolutely.” Then she pushed him away, causing him to stumble.
Vince looked at her for a moment. “So, this is what it comes down to? Lying to get out of your marriage?” My mother laughed as
she pulled a stack oh pictures from her pocket.
“That photo may or may not be fake Vince, but these are real.” She tossed them on to his desk. A collage of Morgan with his
secretary spread across the table. Dinners, obvious dates, sexual scenarios cascaded across the tabletop. “I showed the first photo because I found it funny, real or not, seeing Morgan being fucked like that healed a tiny part of my shattered soul. But this.” She
pointed at the table. “This was the reason I broke. I won’t fucking make apologies for the way I get out of this fucking sham of a
marriage.”
Vince sighed. “Morgan?” He turned to look at his beta. “Do you have anyway to defend yourself?”
Morgan looked down at the pictures and then back at Vince. “All I can say is that obviously the first was faked. What is to say these aren’t faked, too? I would never cheat on my wife. I love her.” He looked at my mom. “I love you and I forgive you for making up all these lies to get what you want, but I refuse to just let you go without fighting for our marriage,” He opened his
mouth to say something else. But I interrupted.
“I need to tell you something, Alpha.”
1/3
Chapter 393
+15 Bonus
He turned to me. “What is it Amy?” He was tired, his maneuvering and lies were catching up to everyone and he was scrambling
to keep the pieces together.
“I’m sorry, I know you are doing your best, but I just have to tell you I made a promise to my mom last night. I also told Shannon,
Brandon and Morgan this as well. So I figured I should tell you before you make your final decision.”
He nodded and rubbed his eyes. “Sure. What is it?”
I let my face settle into dead lines. “If you deny my mother’s divorce. Then I will demand my right to a Cath Báis.”
Vince dropped his hand and turned his head to meet my gaze. I saw my flinch at what he saw there. But he shook himself and I made a little warmth enter my eyes. So Vince will second guess himself and what he saw when he looked at me. “What did you
say?” 2
I tried to look defeated. “I said I would ask for a Cath Báis. My father taught me to uphold everyone to the same standards that I
hold myself to when it came to the goddess. He made a promise to my mother and the goddess. One that Shannon told him to make herself. That if he was, in fact, cheating on her or lying that he would grant her a divorce. But now he is backpedaling.” I
shook my head. “I have to hold him to the same standard I would myself, or any in my own pack. So he either divorces, and she’s
free.” I swallowed. “Or he dies, and she is free…”
###Next D 394
Chapter 394
Vince looked at me, then he turned to Morgan with a raised brow. “Well, then…” He sat back. “There isn’t much of a choice, is
there?”
Morgan turned to me. “Amy, you can’t be serious. I raised you. I was your dad.” My eyes flashed and Nix was in front in a second.
“Repeat those words and I will call the Cath Báis for pure arrogance from you. You barely looked at us when we were a pup. You
did everything and anything to take our mother’s time and attention from us. And when I finally shifted, you stole our bonding
night.” Nix chuffed a warning call. “So think before you open your mouth again, beta. If you step on my father’s legacy and my
mother’s hard work, then I will not hold back. I will rip you to shreds and reunite you with your mate.”
Morgan paled. “Nix…I didn’t mean-”
“You dodn’t mean to take credit for work you had no hand in. You didn’t raise me. You didn’t pay my way. You didn’t even house
me. Amy bought the house. Amy’s money paid for everything for her and her mother. You even borrowed money frequently to
take care of Shannon. And Amy kept quiet for you. But I will not. You use my status around the pack like it is your own. You used it
for yourself and for you, daughter. You used my mother’s situation to hold us on a leash, but I refuse to be held back any longer. If
my mother is single, she can leave to escape your archaic law about betrayed females becoming slaves. And I am too old for you to
take me as a salve for the provision of age, status, and completion of school. I do not qualify as a betrayed female even if Brandon
was fucking your whore because we were not mated.”
“Nix!” My mother called, but she shook our head.
“No mother. Amy my believe these fools, but I will not. If she decides to mate Brandon, I will go along, but I know the truth.” Nix
turned to face Brandon. “She might be in love with you, pup, but I have don’t believe you.” I saw Vince’s eyes tighten.
Nix, you are blowing it. She growled back at me, but it was Megan that surprised us both. She pushed forward, taking over. She
tried her best to mimic Nix’s voice. “Prove to me in these next weeks that you are truthful. Otherwise the mating is off.” She
softened. “Do not let me down.”
Then she pushed me forward. I blinked and my eyes faded back to my human eyes. My mom came over and grabbed my face. She leaned in so close and winked. “Are you back, baby?”
“Yes.” I shook, and she held me close.
Vince looked closely. “She doesn’t have control of her wolf yet?”
My mom shook her head. “She hasn’t spent a lot of time with her wolf. She shifted late and went directly to school. Nix is such powerful wolf. If she takes over, Amy can’t fight it.” My mom answered quietly, causing both my wolves to snort. “She doesn’t
remember much when Nix pushes her back.”
a
“Really?” Vince looked at me, and I could feel magic slip into the air. “Is that true Amy? You can tell me the truth.” He phrased it
as a question, but I could feel the command along my skin.
1/3
Chapter 394
Nix chortled. Even his magic is weak.
Megan sniffed the air. Because it isn’t is, he is using someone else’s. 1
Nix sniffed the air and then turned to me. She is right. The magic is…
+15 Bonus
Familiar. Megan finished for Nix, but then nudged me. Answer him, but make it look like you’re struggling. Like Nix is trying to
stop you from answering, but his magic is too strong not to refuse him.
I shook harder and opened my mouth. I forced a grunt and then flashed my eyes again. I finally screamed and huffed out a labored
answer. “Yes. When she doesn’t agree with me…she will take over…forcing me to sleep.” I made my eyes widen. I turned to Vince
and sighed. “How?”
He just smiled. “You are stronger than you think.” But Vince thankfully turned away to Morgan. “I think my hands are tied here.”
2
Morgan looked at me, and I let my teeth descend again, snapping in his direction. He flinched, but recovered. “Ainsley please. Is
there no other way?” He looked at me. “If your mom agrees to work on things, will you let the challenge go?”
I nodded. “If she agrees. She makes her own decisions.”
Morgan turned his hopeful eyes to my mother, but she just leaned in. “I would rather see you dead on the ground than spend another day with you.” His eyes filled with tears, and then he turned to leave.
“Wait.” Vince called and Morgan froze. “As Alpha of the Oakenfang pack, I declared the bond between Beta Morgan and Ainsley
Maclean dissolved. The marriage is void, and both are single to bond again.” He had opened the mind link to every pack member,
making his decree and dissolving the marriage for the pack to see.
Comments
Support
###Next D 395
Chapter 395
+15 Bonus
We made it back to the house and my mother was ecstatic, dancing her way to my room. We shut the door, and she twirled. “Where do I go?” She turned to me and I just gave her a look. “I know I’m going to the cabin. I just mean how? Won’t the pack notice if I don’t leave?”
I waved my hand. “I’ll use magic to pretend to drive you away and I’ll leave your car at the airport and run back. Just pack your essentials and we will go over.” I kissed her temple. “But let’s be quick.”
“Why?” She sat on my bed and I pulled out black clothes. She just lifted her eyebrows. “What are you going to do? Rob a bank?”
I laughed. “I need a shower and descenting spray.” I rummaged through my bathroom, but my mom stood and went into my closet. “What are you doing?”
“I put the extra spray in here, foolish girl.” She came out with a bottle. “Now tell me why.”
“Rick.” She just twirled her finger.
“Rick what?” She handed me the bottle, and I put it on my counter.
“When he told me to go home for the day. He told me to go for a run.” I looked at her, but she was just staring at me expectantly.
“Rick hinted that something was going to be happening in the woods today. Or tonight.”
“How do you know? And why didn’t he just say that?”
“There are cameras in our offices. I don’t know where, and I don’t know who watches them. But Vince knows stuff he shouldn’t.”
“So that’s why you told me to not say anything about Alannah being pregnant.”
I nodded. “There is a whole disgusting reason behind that, I’ll tell you later. Go pack. We don’t have a lot of time.”
She stared at me. “You feel something?”
I stopped and let myself feel whatever I was feeling. And then I nodded. “Something is happening. Something important that I
have to see or stop. Something.”
She pushed up. “Then I better move.” She walked out of my room. She called back to me, knowing that Morgan had set up microphones in here to listen. I found the cameras a long time ago and got rid of them, but we pretended I didn’t see the sound recorders. “I’ll be ready to leave in five minutes. I’m not taking shit from this fucking house. Just get me to Toya’s pack.”
Then there were a few slamming drawers and packing. I took a shower and descended myself. Then I dried my hair, putting it up
into a slick bun.
Are you ready? I called back to my wolves. Nix fluffed her fur and settled down on the ground.
Yupp. She called back and I laughed. Megan looked at her, confused.
You look ready to sleep. Megan snorted.
1/3
Chapter 395
I am. She cleaned her paw. I’m not the one going out into the woods. You are.
Megan turned to me. What?
+15 Bonus
I nodded. Nix is known. We need obscurity, not notoriety. It’s your time to shine. Sneek in, find out what is going on, stop
whatever we have to stop and then get out. Quick, easy, and silent..
Megan stood, fur standing. I can’t, I’m not ready.
Nix chuffed out a laugh. You are a warrior. A gamma. Silent, strong and deadly. Stronger than most betas and low–level alphas..
You can kill Brandon without even losing a drop of blood. You are ready.
I nodded and come over to her. You are ready. Don’t doubt yourself now. We trained for this, remember?
She stared at me for a few seconds before nodding. I got this.
I winked and then turned to get dressed. My mom came in with a bag and shut the door. “Do we need groceries?”
I bit my lip as I tried to think. I waved her off. “We should be good for the night. If not, I’ll bring some stuff over.” I kissed her.
“Go on ahead. I’ll be right there with some extra snacks and then I’ll seal the closet so no one can come through until I come back
to the house.”
My mom nodded, and then walked to my room, opening the door. “Let’s fucking go. I never want to see this fucking pack ever
again.” Then she slammed the door, walked into my closet and disappeared into the cabin.
I crept to the kitchen and called out to no one. “I’ll be right there. I’m just grabbing something to eat.” I grabbed a bag of food and crept quietly back to my room and into my closet. I dropped the bag inside my room, my mom gave me a thumbs up, and closed the door. I sealed my closet and then turned, mumbling the words to create a body double of my mom and her bag. Then we both
walked down the stairs and out of the house.
###Next D 396
Chapter 396
+15 Bonus
I drove past the pack members that had lined the street. All of them were waving and bowing, giving my mother a farewell deserving of a luna, not just another pack member. But she has stepped up where Vince’s mate failed. My mom helped with the pups. She made sure they were taught properly. She fought for the females of this pack. And wolves never forgot their debts.
I drove down block after block of our pack, saluting to my mother, who wasn’t even here to see it. I waved as I drove past the
guards at the beginning of the land, and then we were out. My mother’s body double disappeared, and I called for the jet to get
ready to take a flight to the coast and come back.
“Who are we taking?”
I laughed. “No one.” There was silence on the other end. “Take you families for a vacation to the coast if you like, my gift to you.”
I looked at the dash. “I’ll be there in about twenty minutes. Get everyone to the hangar to leave and I’ll transfer you twenty
thousand to have a nice weekend. Make sure the flight attendant family is informed and taken care of okay, Jerry.”
“Of course. Thank uyou.” That’s what I loved about Jerry. Not one question asked.
By the time the plane was in the air, I had a few phone calls from Brandon, but I just texted him.
Amy- Hey. I see you have called, but I need space. If you want to work shit out, then give me a few days. Tell your father I am taking the next few days to get my mom settled and then I’ll be back in the pack.
Three dots danced on my screen and then stopped. Then they popped up again.
Brandon- Okay. I love you.
I clicked the phone shut and stuffed it into my pocket. Time to move. I shifted to Megan. Her brown and grey fur dancing in the air. She took a deep breath, stretching her legs before taking off into the trees.
Are you two sure about this? Her words were soft, questioning, but we both sat back on the grass. I put my back against the tree
and waved her off.
Stop worrying about us. You haven’t been out in months and we are a ways away from pack lands. Enjoy this run. We will tell you
when to worry. I laughed and closed my eyes.
What are you doing? Nix laid her head on my thigh and I instinctively started to run my fingers through her fur.
I’m tapping into my magic. I haven’t had a lot of time to give back, so while I have this time. I figured Id gift the land as we run.
That way, if we need some extra juice later, the earth will understand.
Nix nodded. Makes sense. I felt her settle, her breathing becoming soft, and a slight snore started rumbling from her nose.
Is she snoring? Megan called back to me.
I chucked. Yeha. I guess you two don’t really get the option to sleep deeply when you are always on guard for me.
1/3
Chapter 396
Megan chuffed. We don’t mind.
+15 Bonus
I never thought you did, but maybe once all of this is over, we can do a rotation. So you two get a little peaceful nap. I could feel
the yearning need from Megan. She wanted to curl up on my lap. But she refocused on trees around her and sighed.
This is peaceful. The trees, the air. I know we are running towards something. But it is nice to have these peaceful moments when
we can.
I sighed and pushed my fingers deeper into Nix’s fur. You have to take the peace as it comes, Megan. Other wise you go crazy.
I pushed more power out to the trees, to the grass. The earth was drinking it in. There was a sigh as we passed, and a kiss from the
very ground we ran on, a thank you for the gift I was giving. But then I felt the shift. Something had shifted.
Do you feel that? Megan’s voice was coming in small gasps.
I nodded. Nix woke up from a dead sleep and was on her feet.
What the hell is that?
I looked at her as I stood. I walked around trying to figure out what was wrong, and there was another tug. A pit opened up in my
stomach. Run Megan. Run as fast as you can. Nix. I looked at my other wolf
She nodded. We ran to the barrier. And I saw her push through, leaving me back here, alone. Things are about to get really fast.
Nix’s voice floated back to me.
What do you mean? Megan questioned before Nix pushed her strength into her body. Holy fucking goddess. Megan screamed as
she ran faster than she ever had before.
###Next D 397
Chapter 397
The world blurred past us. The trees became blurred sticks as we wove in between. Bushes became wider obstacles that we jumped over. The animals, the birds, they knew something was happening, and they stayed quiet and out of the way.
Megan passed the borders of the pack lands, she weaved between the border patrols that were following their routes, and others that were just out for friendly hunts. We finally slowed to a stop to catch our breath and to figure out where to go. She looked around. Nix receding back beside me and collapsing.
Are you okay? I hurried to her side.
Yeah. She huffed and sagged against me. I pushed too hard, that’s all.
I cuddled her to my side, holding her up as she caught her breath, and I realized the sun had set. How long did it take us to run
here?
Nix huffed out a breath. Not long. Around two hours. Why?
Why is the sun setting? I looked around and the woods were definitely darker.
Megan looked up, and we saw it. She checked the sun, but there was nothing wrong. The trees were just growing darker. The air is thicker. That doesn’t seem good.
Go. I called and Megan started running again. I pushed forward this time.
Amy, I don’t know where to go.
It’s okay, Megan. I’m here. I felt a tug ahead of us and to the right. I pushed her that way. We will follow the tugs.
Okay. She pushed harder and soon we were rushing through the trees again.
Nix called to us. Hurry! Something is happening.
We kept running, but I felt a push to slow, so I pulled Megan back. Slow down. Get low.
Megan dropped to her stomach, and together we barely breathed as she crept through the brush to get close enough to whatever
was happening.
There were voices, and Megan stilled for a second. I pulled magic around us to deaden our noise and we crept closer. “What do
you mean the kids aren’t ready to harvest?” Vince’s voice was livid. He stomped around the clearing just ahead. “You fucking said
they would be ready by today. You fucking checked the whelp last week personally.” There was a smack and a small yelp.
“I’m sorry Vince. She was ready. I swear it, but somehow, they have all grown stronger. Their wolves should have been dead
already and their souls ready to harvest, but their wolves are all still alive. I don’t understand.” That voice made Megan’s ears
twitch.
You have to be fucking kidding me. Inch closer, Megan, I need to see to be sure. I needed to see who was in the clearing. My heard
1/3
Chocter 387
was thudding in my chest.
+15 Bonus
“Verity, I’m about this close to tipping off your fucking head. You said we could harvest today and I’m already at the end of my fucking rope.” Vince growled.
“Dad, calm down.” Brandon cut in. “What the hell is the point of being this annoyed, so you have to wait another week? You’ve already waited fucking years.” Megan inches closer.
Please, goddess. My words were soft and to myself, but Nix caught them.
Why are you praying? Her voice was soft, to not distract Megan, who was still inching closer.
I looked at her and released a breath. I don’t know. I have this pit in my stomach and I’m terrified that someone in that clearing is going to break my heart.
She looked at me and then back out to the world. You think Rowan is there, don’t you?
I sighed. Yeah, yeah I do.
Megan pushed out just enough of her face from the bush to get a clear view of the clearing. Verity was standing over a child, while
Vince and Brandon circled her. But there was no Rowan. I sighed in relief.
See, he’s not here. Nix rubbed against my side, calming me. You worry too much. She chuckled. But the laughter died as Rick came
from behind a tree. His smile was cruel, and his eyes were dead.
Morgan and Rick were laughing. They entered the clearing and Vince whirled on them. “What fucking took you so long? We have
been waiting.”
“You haven’t fucking waited for anything a day in your life, Vin. You already had your witch try to drain the kid, didn’t you?” Rick laughed as he looked down at the pup. But there was zero emotion on his face.
“You’re right.” Morgan chuckled. “And give me a break that fucking whore left me,” He groaned. “I was so fucking close…you are so lucky, Rick. You got yours pregnant right off the hop. Mine waited. I was so close and then Shannon fucking ruined it for me.”
Brandon laughed. “You ruined it for yourself. And I’m hanging on by a thread. Do you know how pissed Amy is?” He dropped his head back. “Do you know I almost had her mated and pregnant within two months, and then your daughter had to open her
fucking mouth?”
###Next D 398
Chapter 398
Morgan shrugged. “You should have kept your pants on. You only had to keep it in your pants for a few years, and you can’t even
do that.” Morgan leveled him with a look. You can blame Shannon all you want, but let’s not pretend she is the only one you’re
fucking
Brandon glared at him for a minute before laughing, “True.” He sighed. “But Shannon was the only one Amy had to deal with.”
Morgan level him with another look. “Again, it isn’t her fault you decided you wanted to drain Amy of her power. You could have
chosen anyone else.”
Brandon sighed. “True again, but she is so fucking strong.” He grabbed his dick. “And she is so fucking stuck up. I was going to enjoy draining her.” Rick laughed. Fucking laughed, but when he turned, I saw it. A flash of something in his eyes. He didn’t want
to be here.
What the fuck is going on here? Megan called back to us, but neither of us knew.
“Shut the fuck up.” Vince called back and everyone quieted. “Verity. How fucking long now?”
She sighed as she turned to a familiar little boy. Nix growled. Is that?
Yes. It’s one of the little boys from Abby’s class. One of the ones we went to see last night.
Holy goddess. You saved his life. Megan inches closer, trying to hear more of what Verity was whispering.
Verity stood. “He has a week to mature.”
“Are you sure?” Vince growled.
“No, of course I’m not sure. The spell doesn’t give us a fucking time line.. I told you that when we started this. We just have to wait until the wolf dies, then we harvest their power.”
“And that is a direct tap into the mother’s power?” Rick asked.
“Yes, I fucking told you all this a million times.” Verity turned on them. “I’ll be back in a week.”
“Wait!” Rick glared at her and held out his hand.
“Oh.” Verity smiled. “Right.” She tossed a small bottle at him and he caught it. He smiled, but the way his jaw twitched told another story. “You know, for a man forced into this, you seem really willing now.” She winked and walked closer. “Once this is all over, maybe we can have a little fun. I have a thing for older men.” She leaned up. “Just ask Gareth.”
Rick smiled, but I could tell it was forced. “Sounds like fun.” He leaned in. “Just keep my pup alive long enough to harvest.‘
She kissed his cheek. “Will do.” Then she shifted and ran off back into the woods.
My heart was hammering in my chest, but I still didn’t move. I needed to see this through. Vince growled once more before he turned to Morgan. “Have you found out where she transferred to?”
Chapter 398
+15 Bonus
Morgan’s face tightened. “She went to the pack of the whore Amy brought home. Tina…Tonya?” He turned to Brandon, who
started to laugh.
“Toya.” Brandon dropped into a crouch, grabbing a stick from the ground. “She went to Toya’s pack, which makes sense. She is
Amy’s closest ally.”
“So choose someone else,” Rick offered.
Morgan cut him a look, but Brandon stood and turned. “That’s what I fucking said.‘
Morgan growled, but Vince waved him off. “It’s fine. She has to come back for the mating ceremony, right?” He turned to
Brandon, who nodded.
“There is no way that Amy would get mated without her mom, and her mom wouldn’t miss it. Plus, she doesn’t trust me.”
Rick laughed. “Can’t blame her.” He bent over, laughing harder as Brandon glared at him. “What? I’m being honest, I would
never trust you with any of my pups.”
Brandon looked at him for a moment and then grinned. “Smart man.” Then they both laughed more.
Vince just shook his head and rolled his eyes. “So it doesn’t matter. We will just grab her then. The spell doesn’t say the mate has to be willing. Just that you are bonded, and the child is both of yours. We will grab her, marry you two again, and then chain her until she pops out a pup for you.” Megan didn’t even think. She jumped up and growled. Everyone turned towards us.
Oh fuck. I stood and screamed at my wolf. Megan run! She turned and sprinted into the woods.
“Who the fuck was that?” I sprinted away, but we had already used so much strength running here. Nix pushed forward, pushing
me back, and taking control from Megan.
Sorry, but we need to leave, and we can’t shift. Her words were soft but firm.
There was a silence that followed me other than the sound of footsteps heading towards where I was laying. “I have no idea. I don’t recognize her scent. But how is she not making any noise?” Brandon’s voice was obviously confused.
There was another beat, and then I heard Vince scream. “Are you fucking stupid, or do I have to tell you what to do every fucking time something happens?” There was another silence.
I could barely hear Brandon when he turned around. “What?”
Vince hit something and yelled. “Fucking run after her.”
Chapter 399 
I heard them all shift and start after me. One after the other, I heard a growl and then charging feet. Even Rick, who knew I was
going to be out here, was charging after me.
Rick, fucking Rick.
Why would he want me to see all of that? Megan’s words were ragged. She was waning, but Nix was pushing her body to the brink.
I think he needed us to see that. Maybe this started as a couple of friends, and he thought they were joking. Or it was a what if, and
then he fell in love with Shelly?
Nix panted but hummed her agreement. I think it was probably in the middle. He thought they were just assholes joking around
with the women they were using, and then he found his mate. But he didn’t want to let go of his friends.
Until his pup came back branded. Megan finished, and Nix agreed.
I feel bad for him. Her words made us stop. But Nix pushed on. This about it, you’re trying to stay loyal to your friends but faithful
to you mate and you think that witchcraft is probably fake and then suddenly your child comes back branded, sick, dying and you
actually know why but you can’t tell you mate because it is a huge betrayal. You thought it was all jokes and then it turned out to
be too real, way too fast and your child’s life is hanging in the balance.
Megan and I felt the pit in our stomachs. It doesn’t matter. Before we decide, one what we should do regarding Rick and Shelly,
we need to get out of here so we can save the kids. Megan stumbled back behind the barrier, leaving Nix riding her body.
I can’t keep up, I’m wiped. She slid against the ground and instantly fell asleep.
Nix? I turned back. Are you okay?
No, her body is too slow and they are gaining on us. I don’t know what to do. She called back, and then I heard it. Racing footsteps
behind me, too close for comfort.
I pushed up to run with her. What can I do to help? We were overlapping, combining our strengths as we ran. I pulled a little bit
from the magic and fed it into our feet.
How are you doing that? Nix sounded breathless and surprised.
Magic. I chuckled as I focused on her feet. Tiny bursts of magic when she pushed off from the ground gave her more momentum.
We started moving faster and faster.
Can you keep this up? She pushed harder, putting more distance between us and the men.
I don’t-
I was tackled from the side, rolling us over the ground and ripping a chunk of fur from our shoulder. Megan was awake, whining
as Nix and I popped up, turning to face who ever caught us. We snarled viciously and snapped our teeth at…Rick.
1/3
Chapter 399
+20 Bonus
You mother fucker. Nix was on alert.
Rick quickly shifted. “I don’t know if you are Amy’s friend or working with Amy, but Vince has these woods locked down. Magical
traps set for days. I don’t knowhow you even got out here.” He paced away and I looked away from his naked skin. I didn’t need to
see him like this. “I thought with her magic Amy could get in here to see. Fuck.” He came back, whispering. “I needed to catch
you. I’m sorry. I will message Amy as soon as I get back to let her know we have you, but Vince won’t believe you managed to get
free with me here.” He looked panicked until there was a snap of a stick a ways off. The look died in his eyes, and a new coldness
that I had never seen before was there. It was like the Rick I knew was dead and all that was left was this man I didn’t know. “Over
here. I got her, but she won’t shift for me. Do you think you can force herm Vince?”
A new pit opened in my chest. They couldn’t find out who I was. There were footsteps, and eventually I was surrounded by naked men. “Maybe I’ll have to borrow something from Verity or the twins.” He crouched down near my head but I snapped at him. He grinned. “Feisty.” He roughly grabbed the back of my neck and I allowed him, for now. “I’ll enjoy breaking you, bitch.” He leaned in. “And I will break you. Once I have you in human form, I will fuck you every night until you beg me to stop. But I won’t.” His grin almost made me vomit. “I will shatter you so throughly you will beg for me by the end.” He leaned in too close and I snapped at him again, catching him off guard.
###Next D 399
Morgan shrugged. “You should have kept your pants on. You only had to keep it in your pants for a few years, and you can’t even
do that.” Morgan leveled him with a look. You can blame Shannon all you want, but let’s not pretend she is the only one you’re
fucking
Brandon glared at him for a minute before laughing, “True.” He sighed. “But Shannon was the only one Amy had to deal with.”
Morgan level him with another look. “Again, it isn’t her fault you decided you wanted to drain Amy of her power. You could have
chosen anyone else.”
Brandon sighed. “True again, but she is so fucking strong.” He grabbed his dick. “And she is so fucking stuck up. I was going to enjoy draining her.” Rick laughed. Fucking laughed, but when he turned, I saw it. A flash of something in his eyes. He didn’t want
to be here.
What the fuck is going on here? Megan called back to us, but neither of us knew.
“Shut the fuck up.” Vince called back and everyone quieted. “Verity. How fucking long now?”
She sighed as she turned to a familiar little boy. Nix growled. Is that?
Yes. It’s one of the little boys from Abby’s class. One of the ones we went to see last night.
Holy goddess. You saved his life. Megan inches closer, trying to hear more of what Verity was whispering.
Verity stood. “He has a week to mature.”
“Are you sure?” Vince growled.
“No, of course I’m not sure. The spell doesn’t give us a fucking time line.. I told you that when we started this. We just have to wait until the wolf dies, then we harvest their power.”
“And that is a direct tap into the mother’s power?” Rick asked.
“Yes, I fucking told you all this a million times.” Verity turned on them. “I’ll be back in a week.”
“Wait!” Rick glared at her and held out his hand.
“Oh.” Verity smiled. “Right.” She tossed a small bottle at him and he caught it. He smiled, but the way his jaw twitched told another story. “You know, for a man forced into this, you seem really willing now.” She winked and walked closer. “Once this is all over, maybe we can have a little fun. I have a thing for older men.” She leaned up. “Just ask Gareth.”
Rick smiled, but I could tell it was forced. “Sounds like fun.” He leaned in. “Just keep my pup alive long enough to harvest.‘
She kissed his cheek. “Will do.” Then she shifted and ran off back into the woods.
My heart was hammering in my chest, but I still didn’t move. I needed to see this through. Vince growled once more before he turned to Morgan. “Have you found out where she transferred to?”
Chapter 398
+15 Bonus
Morgan’s face tightened. “She went to the pack of the whore Amy brought home. Tina…Tonya?” He turned to Brandon, who
started to laugh.
“Toya.” Brandon dropped into a crouch, grabbing a stick from the ground. “She went to Toya’s pack, which makes sense. She is
Amy’s closest ally.”
“So choose someone else,” Rick offered.
Morgan cut him a look, but Brandon stood and turned. “That’s what I fucking said.‘
Morgan growled, but Vince waved him off. “It’s fine. She has to come back for the mating ceremony, right?” He turned to
Brandon, who nodded.
“There is no way that Amy would get mated without her mom, and her mom wouldn’t miss it. Plus, she doesn’t trust me.”
Rick laughed. “Can’t blame her.” He bent over, laughing harder as Brandon glared at him. “What? I’m being honest, I would
never trust you with any of my pups.”
Brandon looked at him for a moment and then grinned. “Smart man.” Then they both laughed more.
Vince just shook his head and rolled his eyes. “So it doesn’t matter. We will just grab her then. The spell doesn’t say the mate has to be willing. Just that you are bonded, and the child is both of yours. We will grab her, marry you two again, and then chain her until she pops out a pup for you.” Megan didn’t even think. She jumped up and growled. Everyone turned towards us.
Oh fuck. I stood and screamed at my wolf. Megan run! She turned and sprinted into the woods.
“Who the fuck was that?” I sprinted away, but we had already used so much strength running here. Nix pushed forward, pushing
me back, and taking control from Megan.
Sorry, but we need to leave, and we can’t shift. Her words were soft but firm.
There was a silence that followed me other than the sound of footsteps heading towards where I was laying. “I have no idea. I don’t recognize her scent. But how is she not making any noise?” Brandon’s voice was obviously confused.
There was another beat, and then I heard Vince scream. “Are you fucking stupid, or do I have to tell you what to do every fucking time something happens?” There was another silence.
I could barely hear Brandon when he turned around. “What?”
Vince hit something and yelled. “Fucking run after her.”
Chapter 399 
I heard them all shift and start after me. One after the other, I heard a growl and then charging feet. Even Rick, who knew I was
going to be out here, was charging after me.
Rick, fucking Rick.
Why would he want me to see all of that? Megan’s words were ragged. She was waning, but Nix was pushing her body to the brink.
I think he needed us to see that. Maybe this started as a couple of friends, and he thought they were joking. Or it was a what if, and
then he fell in love with Shelly?
Nix panted but hummed her agreement. I think it was probably in the middle. He thought they were just assholes joking around
with the women they were using, and then he found his mate. But he didn’t want to let go of his friends.
Until his pup came back branded. Megan finished, and Nix agreed.
I feel bad for him. Her words made us stop. But Nix pushed on. This about it, you’re trying to stay loyal to your friends but faithful
to you mate and you think that witchcraft is probably fake and then suddenly your child comes back branded, sick, dying and you
actually know why but you can’t tell you mate because it is a huge betrayal. You thought it was all jokes and then it turned out to
be too real, way too fast and your child’s life is hanging in the balance.
Megan and I felt the pit in our stomachs. It doesn’t matter. Before we decide, one what we should do regarding Rick and Shelly,
we need to get out of here so we can save the kids. Megan stumbled back behind the barrier, leaving Nix riding her body.
I can’t keep up, I’m wiped. She slid against the ground and instantly fell asleep.
Nix? I turned back. Are you okay?
No, her body is too slow and they are gaining on us. I don’t know what to do. She called back, and then I heard it. Racing footsteps
behind me, too close for comfort.
I pushed up to run with her. What can I do to help? We were overlapping, combining our strengths as we ran. I pulled a little bit
from the magic and fed it into our feet.
How are you doing that? Nix sounded breathless and surprised.
Magic. I chuckled as I focused on her feet. Tiny bursts of magic when she pushed off from the ground gave her more momentum.
We started moving faster and faster.
Can you keep this up? She pushed harder, putting more distance between us and the men.
I don’t-
I was tackled from the side, rolling us over the ground and ripping a chunk of fur from our shoulder. Megan was awake, whining
as Nix and I popped up, turning to face who ever caught us. We snarled viciously and snapped our teeth at…Rick.
1/3
Chapter 399
+20 Bonus
You mother fucker. Nix was on alert.
Rick quickly shifted. “I don’t know if you are Amy’s friend or working with Amy, but Vince has these woods locked down. Magical
traps set for days. I don’t knowhow you even got out here.” He paced away and I looked away from his naked skin. I didn’t need to
see him like this. “I thought with her magic Amy could get in here to see. Fuck.” He came back, whispering. “I needed to catch
you. I’m sorry. I will message Amy as soon as I get back to let her know we have you, but Vince won’t believe you managed to get
free with me here.” He looked panicked until there was a snap of a stick a ways off. The look died in his eyes, and a new coldness
that I had never seen before was there. It was like the Rick I knew was dead and all that was left was this man I didn’t know. “Over
here. I got her, but she won’t shift for me. Do you think you can force herm Vince?”
A new pit opened in my chest. They couldn’t find out who I was. There were footsteps, and eventually I was surrounded by naked men. “Maybe I’ll have to borrow something from Verity or the twins.” He crouched down near my head but I snapped at him. He grinned. “Feisty.” He roughly grabbed the back of my neck and I allowed him, for now. “I’ll enjoy breaking you, bitch.” He leaned in. “And I will break you. Once I have you in human form, I will fuck you every night until you beg me to stop. But I won’t.” His grin almost made me vomit. “I will shatter you so throughly you will beg for me by the end.” He leaned in too close and I snapped at him again, catching him off guard.
###Next D 400
Chapter 400
+20 Bonus 
Vince yelled as he tossed me to the ground. Morgan kicked me as soon as I hit the dirt, chunks of grass and twigs flying, the swift kick to my stomach sending me into a tree. I yelped as my shoulder broke, along with a few ribs, but Vince just looked at me with surprise as a chunk of his face slowly knitted itself back together.
I looked at him through hooded eyes, but I watched with satisfaction as his cheek slowly rebuilt itself. Blood poured from his left
side of his face. The lip hung loose, cut adrift from the portion of his cheek. I ripped away. His teeth were visible, and the
surprised look in his eyes made the slow healing a little easier to deal with.
Brandon looked at his father with wide eyes. “Are you okay?” He went to move closer, but that was the moment I spat out the
hunk of meat I had in my mouth, as if his blood was poison.
Vince didn’t look away from me. I sat up and wretched, like I was going to vomit. His blood and bits of flesh clung to the inside of
my mouth. Once it was clear, I sat, babying my one side that had the broken shoulder and ribs and looked at Vince. I allowed the
anger, the hatred I had for him to bubble up. He watched me transform into a wolf who absolutely hated his existence, and as far
as he was concerned, he had never even met me.
“Who are you?” His cheek finally knit itself together enough that he could speak without dislocating his jaw. I just sat and tilted
my head. His eyes narrowed. “I don’t recognize your wolf or scent. You are on my land…who the fuck are you?”
I tilted my head the other way and let out a low growl. I felt my shoulder and ribs heal, the snap audible around the clearing as the
bones snapped into place, but I didn’t flinch. The men, all of them. I watched the skin tighten around their eyes as I put weight on
my leg and then settling back onto my haunches.
They thought I would shift and beg them to let me go. They had another thig coming. I waited. I watched. And when I see them
vulnerable, I will strike. Rick watched with his arms crossed, face dead, but I could see a tiny flash of panic. 1
And he should be. I wasn’t expected to be back for a few days. How was I supposed to heal the kids up again by the end of the
week? I felt worry bubble up, but I pushed it down. There was no way I would allow them to see that I was worried.
“Make her shift.” Brandon walked closer to me and reached out a hand towards me. 
“Are you fucking stupid?” Vince went to pull him back, but I lunged. He was quick, but I was quicker. I snapped my jaws, and
Brandon screamed, blood pouring from his hand. Vince pulled him back and turned him to face him. Morgan and Rick turned to
look, and both winced when they saw I took three of his fingers. Brandon was screaming, holding up his hand and watching the blood pour down his arm. Vince was holding his hand up and looking at the severed stumps. “What the fuck were you thinking? We cornered her, and she already took off half my fucking face. Why would you try to fucking et her like a fucking dog?” I watched Vince mutter a few words, and the blood stopped. We all watched the fingers start to grow back, slow and painful.
Brandon dropped to his knees and vomited from the pain. “Stupid fucking whore.” The retching made the name calling amusing, and I allowed my smile through.
“Is she fucking smiling?” Morgan watched my face as I grinned wider.
1/3
Chapter 400
“Who the fuck is this?” Rick’s question would remain unanswered.
+20 Bonus 
“We will find out.” Vince walked closer and crouched a safe distance from me. “You think you are safe, girl, but you’re not. I can
force your shift.”
I chuffed out a laugh and shook my head. Vince’s eyes widened as Rick nearly screamed out a laugh. “Did she just say you can’t
force her to shift?” I turned to look at him and I allowed my anger, my rage, to enter my eyes. Because how fucking dare he. How
dare he play the victim when he was one of the perpetrators? He took a step back. “What the hell did I do?” He laughed, but I
could tell it was forced.
“She looks like she fucking hates you, Ricky.” Morgan teased, and so I turned to him. I might be mad at Rick for putting me into
this situation, but Morgan…Morgan I just want to kill. And for the very first time, I could allow him to see it.
“She looks like she is going to fucking kill you there, Morgan, and by the look in her eyes, she is going to enjoy every fucking
minute of it.” Rick’s voice wavered as he stared between me and Morgan.
Morgan, stupid Morgan, just laughed. I’ll take my fill once Rick is done with her…if there is anything left.”
###Next D 401
Chapter 401 
+20 Bonus 
I sat still. I knew I couldn’t run away without being caught, so I would sit, watch, and wait. I was going to hold back on any magic
use until I was somewhere else. Since Rick said the forest was covered in magical traps, this was once I was out I would be safe.
I just needed to get out first.
Rick narrowed his eyes. “You aren’t going to come quietly, are you?” I just settled on the ground. I wasn’t stupid, but I wasn’t going to just fall in line, either. He chuckled and turned to Morgan. “Watch my son. Don’t let him get close to the wolf.” Morgan nodded, but Vince was already turning away. “Rick, come with me. You can carry me back here with our shit and the pup.” Rick’s eyes tightened again and then he nodded.
He smiled. “Yeah. Poor thing has to survive another week.”
He shifted and left the clearing while Morgan and Brandon glared at me. “Are you seriously still going after Amy’s mom?” Brandon sagged against a tree. “I mean, I get it. She’s hot. And the power of the women in that family is especially potent. But she
will kill you if she figures it out first.”
Morgan nodded. “Hell yeah she will, but that is a part of it. Plus, we really need their money.”
“Why?” Brandon pushed off the tree. “Who cares if some lycans survived?” What the fuck did he just say? Some of the Lycans survived… “Who gives a fuck about the first family? Why is he so obsessed with either of them?” Morgan sighed as he looked at me, but Brandon just laughed. “Who the hell is she going to tell…she’s going to be dead soon enough.” I laid down, unimpressed or worried about his words. None of them actually scared me. “So tell me, you said once I was out of college, you would tell me.
It’s been months and I’m still in the dark.”
Morgan watched me for a moment and I have never wanted someone to become a typical human bad guy in my entire life. Please
monologue. Please. 
Do you really think they are that stupid? Nix huffed out a tired laugh.
I can fucking hope. I turned my back on them, hoping that if I ignore them, they might talk.
“Look, your dad has his own plans. But the lycans and the first family are a focal point for a reason.”
I tucked my head on my back so I kept one eye on them. I watched as Brandon threw up his hands. “He keeps saying that, but
why?”
Morgan huffed out a sigh. “The lycans are simple. They are stronger, faster, and fully support the king. You dad spent decades
wiping them out.”
Holy fucking goddess. Nix growled.
“Well, Vince and the brotherhood.” Morgan paced away.
What the fuck is the brotherhood? Megan finally caught her breath and made her way back to the barrier.
1/3
Chapter 401
Brandon groaned. “The brotherhood of bloodshed. Always the fucking brotherhood. Who the fuck are they? Why do they
matter?” He turned and hit his head against the tree. Seriously? “Morgan, just talk to me like a man. Please.”
+20 Bonus
Morgan sighed again, as if this was a huge inconvenience. “Why don’t you pay attention? The brotherhood was formed by Garith.
He formed it back when the king pushed out the older alphas in lieu of their sons.”
“I know all this, but who are they? Who the hell is Garith?” The name was wiggling around in my brain. I knew the name, but I
couldn’t place it.
“It doesn’t matter. You will get to meet him soon.” Morgan looked back at me but my eyes were closed over, so it looked liked I
was sleeping, unbothered or concerned with their conversation, but I was watching them through the slit in my lids. “Anyway,
when the old king pushed the alphas put, they banded together. But it was Garith that started meeting with the others.” 
Brandon furrowed his brows. “Isn’t Garith the alpha…” He trailed off, trying to think.
“Yeah. That’s Garith. But he’s the reason all of this is happening.”
Everything they are saying is too fucking vague. I screamed my frustration at my wolves, but they were quiet. As if they
remembered what I was missing.
“Anyway. The brotherhood was born to kill the king’s line. Garith was tired of being pushed around by Lycans. They acted like
they were better than us. But we had a first family too. The wolves were born from the goddess, the same as them. Garith said we
deserved to be in line to be king. That we shouldn’t allow the lycans to run our kind just because they came first.” Morgan settled
against the tree. “That’s why we have to kill the lycans. If there is even one left, they will rule. Same with the first family. We can’t
allow the goddess to keep dictating who runs our kind. We have free will for a fucking reason.”
Brandon’s mouth dropped open. “That’s what this is all about?”
“Of course.” Vince’s voice called out. He hopped off Rick’s wolfs back and dropped the child onto the ground. “Everything is
about power.”
###Next D 402
Chapter 402 
Vince turned to look at Brandon. He looked at its stumpy fingers and shook his head. “Why would you bring up the brotherhood
in front of the wench?”
Wench? Is he trying to be a fucking pirate or something? Nix snorted and rolled her eyes. Vince is stupid.
But I watched him. Something was off in the way he watched us. Ever since I ripped off his cheek. I think…I think he likes us,
Megan. She snapped her head to mine and then gagged.
Absolutely the fuck not. She shook her head.
But Nix watched him. I think she is right, Megan. Everytime he says something, his eyes flick to us. He is looking for our reaction.
She gagged again. No, you two have to be wrong. We ripped off half his face.
I think…I think he likes us because of it. The thought made my stomach clench. Sick fuck.
“Wench? Dad…common we all know she is going to be dead soon. So why does it matter?” Brandon snorted as he passed me,
kicking out, but I jumped up and snarled. 1
“I would watch your self Bran. She is feisty. She already took your fingers. Do you want to lose your fucking foot? Do you know
how hard it is, or how long it takes to regrow a fucking foot?”
Vince snorted. “It was fucking back in college Rick, get over it.”
Rick snarled. “You ripped off my foot for a girl! And you didn’t even get the fucking girl.”
Vince snarled and then looked at me. Jesus…you’re right. Holy goddess, he is interested in me. Megan whined, and I laughed.
Cause what else were we supposed to do?
Vince looked over at me. “Still won’t come?” I growled low, and he just chuckled. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and
dialed. “Hey.” There was a pause. “No, I didn’t call you for Rick. Why the fuck would I call you for him? Verity. SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LISTEN TO ME. We found a wolf.” He looked over at me. “A random she–wolf. Yes, Verity, it’s a female wolf.” He walked over to me and crouched down, staying far enough away that I wouldn’t be able to lunge. “She was at outside our grounds. Yes, the fucking ritual grounds.” He leaned in. “No, it’s not Amy.” He leaned back. “Well, first off I know she fucking scent you dumb cow.” I heard him sniffing me. “I’ve never scented this wolf in my life. I don’t know how she got through everything.” He sighed and then closed his eyes. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Verity. I can probably ask her until I am blue in the face. If she doesn’t shift, I can’t make her talk. I can’t mind link her. She isn’t in my pack, and her wolf refuses to open a link. I tried that.”
I turned to look at Nix and Megan. Nix huffed. Well, I can’t fucking talk to him. He knows me.
I’m not talking to him. Megan turned away. The dude gives me the creeps. And I’m pretty fucking sure his wolf would, too. 1
I snorted out a laugh, and his eyes snapped to mine.
“I can’t force her to shift. I’m not her Alpha, and I’m not powerful enough to force a rogue to shift. She is a beta, or gamma. I 
1/3
Chapter 402
+20 Bonus
don’t know Verity, she might even be an Alpha, but I’ve never come across a rogue female alpha.” He stepped closer to me and I
growled again. He raised his hands. “She has to come, or she has to die.” He looked down. “No, I don’t want to kill her…yet. I
want to see what she knows and how she got onto our fucking ritual land. The place you said no one would ever be able to get to.”
He ripped a growl. “Just fucking give me the ability to knock her out or make her obey.” He watched me. “If you can-”
I lunged to my feet and snapped at him. Not a fucking chance. I’d rather die than to have to touch him. Nix and Megan both
agreed.
“Fine, if you can’t do that, then just help me get her into a cell. I’ll handle the rest.” He came closer, and I was able to catch her
words.
“This will put her out, but her wolf will still be awake, as will her human. If you try anything that will harm her, or do anything
she will die for, she will snap out of it.” 
“What’s the fucking point?” He shook his head as I snapped in his direction.
“It’s a gentle spell to help someone go to sleep. It’s all I can do from here. I’m already back in the car with the brotherhood. I’m
not turning back around so I can help you fuck the bitch. Do you want me to do it or not?”
Vince looked at me and grinned. “Do it.”
###Next D 403
Chapter 403
+15 Bonus
I heard a chuckle and then a soft whispered. “Slepta noir sha dineh por clotin.” Then the world went dark.
Amy, stay awake. Nix called me, but I couldn’t move. Everything was heavy. I felt like I was snuggled under the best blanket in a
dark room.
Amy! Megan called after me, but I was snuggled deep into slumber.
A few more minutes, guys. I called back to my wolves. I heard them both growl.
What is the point of having magic if we fall victim to it? Nix growled, but Megan just sighed.
It wasn’t an attack, like Verity said it was a gentle spell to put her to sleep. We are still awake, and if anything happens, I’m sure
we can force her awake. But there is a bright side.
What’s that? Nix sounded doubtful, but open to listening.
Amy will be rested and fully recharged. Then we can figure out what the actual fuck happened. Like, how did Rick catch us?
I felt my wolves settled near me. And I rolled to touch them. I wanted to wake up. This seemed like something important.
Something was wrong.
Are you sure she won’t wake up unless something happens to her? Nix sniffed close to my face. Her breath made my face twitch
as I swam in the darkness.
She said she shouldn’t and Vince was cuddling us to his chest. Megan sounded disgusted. Why?
Because I’m sure she is about to wake up. Nix shuffled closer and pressed her nose against my face. Amy, if you are about to wake
up… 
Wait. Megan cut it. If you can understand us, give us a minute so that we can adjust your scent.
My scent…
Nix seemed to know what my question was. Your body produces more of your scent when you’re awake. Your body becomes more
active so wolves can scent when you wake up. It’s built into our survival instincts. We need to adjust your scent with our magic to stay the same before you’re fully awake, so Vince doesn’t know.
I pushed harder. Something was happening, and I needed to know what was going on.
Don’t push too hard too fast, Amy. If you twitch or jolt in his arms, he will know. Say still, slow deep breathing, that’s it.
Is she awake? Megan trotted back over.
Yes. Just barely. I opened my eyes. What’s going on? What happened?
Nix and Megan pulled back. But it was Nix that answered. As soon as Verity said the words, you dropped. Megan and I were still
1/3
Chapter 403
+15 Bonus 
awake, but we wouldn’t control our body. Vince picked us up and climbed back onto Rick. Morgan had to let Brandon ride him
with the missing fingers. He carried the pup, but… She trailed off.
What?
Megan stepped closer. We still can’t move. Vince is bringing us to a place I have never seen before. And… She looked away.
And what? I looked around. My dark forest was still the same. Comforting and safe. I pushed off the ground and walked to the edge of the trees, looking out. I finally figured out what they were too hesitant to say. Is Vince petting me?
My two wolves walked to my side. Yes… Nix sat next to me. He’s been doing it ever since he picked us up.
Megan shivered. He’s also been whispering to us.
Just as she said it, his voice was soft in my ear. “Such a strong–willed female. I think I want to keep you. Would you like that?”
Vince’s fingers trailed along my fur. “You are stunning. Even if you’re only a beta, I can feel your strength.” His chuckle was deep.
“Too bad you had to run into my web, huh?”
His web? I looked at my wolves. What does he mean?
Nix looked at me. The traps Rick was telling us about? They were draining traps all over the woods. As we were running, using our
magic, the traps were draining us and transferring it to Rick.
Megan nodded. That’s why Rick said they wouldn’t believe if we got away from him…he was being fed our strength.
How is that even possible? I shook my head but my wolves were lost too. I thought of my book and my magic. It has to be a transfer spell…but how in the hell did they make it so it goes to Rick?
Nix nudged my side. Look at the back of his neck. She nodded outward. I made sure I was facing away from Vince and I cracked an eye. I hung in his arms, confused.
What are you talking about?
Nix nudges again. Look down to the wolf under you, his neck. There is something there. A burn mark.
I finally focused on the spot, and I had to hold in a gasp. On the back of Rick’s neck was a burned rune. The rune for quickening. I
whispered. But it’s wrong.
What do you mean?
It’s poisoned.
###Next D 404
Chapter 404
Nix and Megan pressed against my side. What are you saying? It’s poisoned…poisoned how? Nix leaned in, trying to see it closer,
but we were stuck where we were.
The power that their traps were pulling from me it was transferred to this rune. The quickening. It says it right in the name. It converts your power into physical strength and speed. Like I was doing with our power, but this is for a person who doesn’t have
magic.
Okay…I don’t know what’s wrong still. Megan leaned against the barrier and I laughed.
Do you see the line that cuts through the rune? Both of my wolves focused on the rune that was bobbing in and out of our line of
sight as he ran.
Yeah. Nix finally said. The part that looks infected?
Yes. That’s exactly what it is. A poisoning. It breaks the limits on the rune and pushes power into the person. Normally,
the
person will hit a wall. The wall being that their physical body can’t go any faster or it hurt them, it will break down their bodies.
Like poison.
So you’re saying that because they removed the safety features of the rune, that Rick is being slowly poisoned.
I’m saying it’s not only his daughter that’s going to die. I stared down at the rune.
Do you think he knows? Nix stood and paced away. I mean, does it matter? He did this to his kid…
I turned to look at my wolf. We don’t know all the answers. We can’t make that decision. All we know is what we heard today.
Isn’t that enough? Megan paced away. He did this for his own benefit.
I sat back, watching where we were headed, with a growing pit in my stomach. The growing horror of where we were going was
building. Once I was sure, I turned away and focus on my bickering wolves. I know it seems like he is a villain, and he might be.
But I feel like there is more to his story.
What else could there be? Some explanation that is going to make us overlook everything he has done? Unlikely.
I shrugged. All we can do is watch.
Rick came to a stop and Vince clutched my body closer to his chest and I heard a soft inhale. “She’s still asleep. Let’s get her into a
cell and then we can bring the kid home.” Vince moved towards the door and I was transported back to my first life.
“Brandon, please, I didn’t do anything. Our pup-”
Brandon’s enraged growl stopped my voice. “Stop fucking lying.” He dragged me by the arm into the building on the edge of our
pack lands. I could just make out the field where we held our mating ceremony years earlier.
“Baby please.” I begged him, but he continued to drag me down and the door slammed behind us with a heavy clang. There was a
1/3
Chapter 404
wolf there, bored and tired, watching the door with keys.
+15 Bonus
“Open it.” Brandon kicked the cell, and the wolf hustled over. He unlocked the cage and Brandon tossed me in. I covered my stomach, trying to protect my pup as I rolled into the tiny room. My back touched the back bars, and I hissed, silver. The bars
were silver.
“Brandon, goddess, please don’t leave me here. I’m pregnant with our pup. This place will kill me.” I shrieked as I ran towards
the open door, but he slammed it shut, locking me in.
“Good. I fucking hope you and that fucking abomination die in here. What the fuck am I supposed to do with a pup that isn’t mine? He will do nothing for me!” He screamed as he turned to face the guard. “No food, no water. Do not speak with her.”
“Yes Alpha.” He looked at me and then opened his mouth.
“What?” Brandon snapped.
“She is my luna…”
He snorted. “She was injected with wolfsbane. She won’t be commanding anything from you. Just do as you’re told.”
The guard nodded, and Brandon walked out, slamming the door behind him. Leaving me in this hellhole.
I was back in the present as Vince laid me down on the bed. I felt a sharp jab in my neck, and the telltale burn of wolfsbane enter
my system.
Nix and Megan both snorted. This is going to be fucking fun. Nix turned. We will be out of here in minutes.
Megan nodded. This won’t keep us here.
No, it won’t. I agreed. But I still hesitated. But I think I’m going to wait for a little.
Both wolves turned on me. Why?
I looked at them. The guards here are loose lipped, remember. They knew way more than what they were letting on, too.
Megan stared at me for a minute. You are going to pump them for information.
Yeah, and I’m going to do it so they don’t remember. There aren’t any cameras in here. Foolish really. I think I’m going to make Vince regret that particular choice.
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
Comments
###Next D 405
Chapter 405
+15 Bonus
I waited until Vince pulled out the needle and I jumped up, growling. I let my hackles rise and I lunged for Vince, but he danced
back and slammed the door shut. His chuckle was infuriating, and I lunged, hitting the bars on purpose. I yelped and jumped back
from the searing pain of silver.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you. Everything is silver in here.” Vince wagged the key in front of me. “You will just have to be a
good girl to get let out.” I nearly gagged, but I lunged again, testing how hard the bars were. They bent a little, making every man
jump back. I yelped again and slid against the ground, showing the burns to Vince. “Stop!”
I pulled away, slowly, weakly, growling softly to show I hadn’t given up yet. Nix rolled on the ground. You are really selling this,
Amy.
Vince is eating this up for sure. Megan shook her head. But don’t push it too far. A wolf cornered would fight, but a weaker wolf
would stay away from the silver after this.
I nodded. Oh, I know. That was the last charge. I just wanted to see how soft the cars actually were. And if we could force them if I 
had to.
The silver… Megan turned to me.
Will hurt, but I build up my resilience. I’ll bounce back quick. I’ve had to slow my healing on these burns with magic, so Vince
wouldn’t see the healing. I shook my head. But I need to figure out more of his plan.
“Stupid girl.” Vince finally stood when he realized I wouldn’t charge again. He turned to the guard. “Feed her normally and be
careful. She is stronger than she looks.”
“The shot?” The guard nodded to me.
“I’ll come back every day to give it to her. You are not to enter the cell. Is that understood?” The guard looked at me, laying
weakly at the back of the cell. He swallowed and then nodded.
“Understood.” Then everyone filed out, with a parting shot from Brandon.
“Stupid whore. You’ll be dead before the week is out. I hope it was worth it.” He snorted as he left. I saw the last look from Rick, a
look with dead eyes, with a tiny flicker of worry before it was gone.
Then I was alone with my burns and the pain of the wolfsbane in my veins. I allowed my magic to get out of the way of most of my
healing, except the top–most layer of skin. The burns looked vicious, but in reality they were very superficial. I sighed in relief as
my system went to work purging the wolfsbane from my system. The immunity I build up over the years kicked in and the burn
disappeared.
I fell into a fitful sleep as I heard the main door open. “I’m here to take over for you break.” Rick’s voice was soft, but apparently
this was a normal protocol when there was a prisoner because the guard left without even looking back.
I kept my eyes closed as he walked over, and he pulled something out of his pocket, clicked something on it, and the room
1/3
Chapter 405
+15 Bonus
flickered for a second, then steadied. “There. If there was anything in here that was watching or listening, they aren’t anymore.” He watched me for a second, then backed up against the wall and slid down until he was sitting. “I know you understand what I’m saying, and I think you know who I am, even though I have no fucking idea who you are.” Rick closed his eyes and banged his head. “I called Amy, texted her, but no answer.”
I chuffed out a laugh. I didn’t know if I could still trust him. “She trusted you.” Was all I said. The accusation was there.
He nodded. “I know. And I know after today I don’t seem that trustworthy. But all I can hope is that she will give me a chance to explain it all.” He closed his eyes and cursed. I watched as a tear trailed down his face.
“Why are you crying? She was going to give you and your mate a way out. She was going to save your pup. You betrayed her.” I
watched as each word hit him. I watched as he folded in on himself.
“I didn’t betray her. And even if she hates me, I pray to the goddess she will save Abby. Amy is one of the best people I know.” He looked down at his hands and whispered to himself. “Even if I die, she has to save Abby.”
I snorted. “You said you didn’t betray her, but look at what you’ve done. What you did today. You aren’t innocent.”
His eyes jumped to mine. “I know. I know I’m not innocent. I was stupid. I was weak. But I’m not evil.”
I scoffed again. “You are sacrificing your child and mate.”
He surged to his feet. “I would never do that to Abby and Shelly. They are my fucking world. I’d die for them.” He hit the wall and
hit hand went to his neck. “I am dying for them.”
###Next D 406
Chapter 406
He knows. Nix’s words were soft, her eyes fully focused on the man in front of us.
What are you talking about? Megan turned back to us. He’s scum.
Nix shook her head. Look at him, Megan. Truly look, and push away your hatred towards Brandon, Vince, and well, all the male
population. Megan snorted but turned back.
What am I looking for? Megan sighed, but focused. I stepped closer, trying to see what she was seeing.
Nix was focused on Rick. Look at his skin. He is sweating, he’s pale, but his eyes are focused. His hand… She trailed off.
He’s clutching at his neck.
Megan tensed beside me. “What happened first, Rick?”
He turned his haunted eyes back to us. “What?”
Megan sighed as she crept closer. “What came first? You working with Vince? Or Abby getting branded?”
“Does it matter?” He slammed back against the wall and dropped to his ass. “It changes nothing.”
“It matters.” She growled. “It matters to me, and I know it will matter to Amy.”
“Why?” He dropped his head into his hands. “It doesn’t change that I’m a dead man. That Abby is fucked unless Amy comes back to save her. That I won’t get to watch my little girl grow up.” His voice broke, and then he did. Sobs ripped from his chest as if there was no way for him to hold them in. “I failed as a father, as a mate.” His eyes looked up and latched on to us. “As a friend.”
“What do you mean?” Megan sat back on her haunches. I could feel her softening. His words, his emotions, were breaking
through her suspicion.
“I pulled Amy in. I knew. I lied to her when I said I knew nothing about magic.” He touched the back of his neck. “Her father…he had told me stories about his family. And at the time I laughed him off. But then I met Vince.” He stopped and let out a groan that I could hear the pain in. “Have you ever met someone that you regretted? Someone if you could go back in time and never meet them, you would. That’s Vince.”
“Why?” Megan was just asking questions. I need to know. Her voice was firm.
Why do you need to know if it was before or after? Nix question stopped us. We have to help him still; he has a pup, a mate.
Because I need to know if he betrayed Shelly. I need to know if he did this intentionally or if he was forced into it.
Would it change anything? I asked her.
Megan looked back at me. It would tell us if we can trust him.
Nix scoffed. A little late for that, isn’t it? We already showed him our cabin, our pup.
1/3
Chapter 406
+15 Bonus
The words hit me in my gut, but Megan nodded. Exactly, we need to know if we have to move them.
“He lured me in. He was nice at first…too nice. But I thought he was friends with Amy’d dad. I mean…” He looked at me with a
pained expression and groaned. He doubled over and then shook.
“What’s wrong with you?” Megan walked as close to the bars as she could without touching.
Rick groaned and rolled over and we all watched the rune on his next burn bright. The skin around his neck bubbled, and blood
poured from his lips. Then, like a switch, the light was gone, and Rock was left panting in a pool of his own blood.
“The rune, it was burning though the rest of the excess power. When I stop using it, it purges the rest of the magic from my
system, so I can’t use it against Vince. Like a safety net.”
“It’s killing you.”
“I know…but it was the only thing I could do.”
“What are you talking about?”
Rick sighed. “Vince pulled me in. Got close to me. Told me his secrets, because he thought I was sold. But he didn’t know Amy’s
dad was my friend. My benefactor. So when I refused to help him with her dad’s security. I woke up with the rune carved into me.”
“Then you are on his side.” Megan snarled.
But Rick just shook his head. “No…I still refused. But then Abby came home sick, and I knew I was toast. I had to play it smart. Her dad always told me to be smarter than anyone else in the room.” He shook. “I had to be, or else my little girl was dead.”
“So this was all an elaborate lie? How is Amy supposed to believe you? How is she supposed to know that you didn’t run to Vince
with her secrets?”
Rick sighed. “I have no way of making her believe me. I can make a vow…I can tell her absolutely everything. Shelly already knows it all.” He leveled a look at me. “I’ve been training her to break into Vince’s system since her first day. She’s ready. She just has to
find the back door I created, and then the entire system is hers.” He pushed up off the ground. “I’m really sorry you’re in here. Even sorrier you’re going to die. I promise I will tell her the truth as soon as she gets back.”
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 407
Chapter 407
“You are going to let me die here?” Megan let her words sound incredulous.
Rick walked to the bars. “I don’t want you to die. But I have no way of getting you out of here without being seen or found out. If I
could save you and only lose my own life, I would do it. You don’t deserve to be here…”
“But?” Megan cut in.
“But I have a pup and a mate who would be executed if I went against Vince.” He grabbed the bar and I heard the sizzle of his skin against the silver. “I can’t risk them. I hope you and Amy will understand that.” He pulled back and turned away.
“Wait!” Megan called after him.
He turned. “The guard is coming back in a minute. Be quick.”
“Will you come back to speak with me?” She tried to get close. “I have so many questions.”
Rick looked back to the door. “I can try. But Rick doesn’t like random people coming in here.”
“Then why did you come in now?” Megan pushed.
1
“Because…” His shoulders sagged. “Because I felt like a monster and I felt like I neede3d to explain. If I could have let uyou go, I
would have. But I can’t risk them.”
Megan sat back. “You came to ease your guilt?”
He shook his head. “Guilt had become my best friend. There is nothing I could do to maker the guilt easy at this point. I just felt
like I needed to explain myself to you. If that makes any sense.” He raised his shoulder. “I listen to where the goddess points me
now. I stopped asking questions a while ago.”
Megan tilted her head. “The goddess?”
Rick bobbed his head. “The last time I felt a push, it was to
turned back to look at me one last time. “I truly am sorrypt Amy, and now she might save my kid. So now I listen.” He
get you out.” Then he walked to the door.
You don’t deserve this. I’m hoping that if Amy gets back to me, we can
“If I can get out myself…when would be the best time?” Megan called after him.
He stayed looking at the door. “I would wait until Vince comes to see you on the day. He has a thing for you, girl, and he will
become distracted. Allow it to happen for a little while. He will become angry. Like you are taking his focus from his plans. But he
will still come because you are his new drug, his fix. Once he leaves, he will be angry about wasting his time and ignore this place
like a plague for a day or so. Go then.”
“How will I know it’s time?”
Rick looked over his shoulder. “Vince is like an addict when he finds a new girl to chase after. He has the same pattern. He will
1/3
visit multiple times a day, then grow frustrated, and the visits will grow less. He’s quick to fall, and quick to move on. Give it a week. By the end he will leave you alone for a day, then you will know.” Then Rick pushed out of the door and left me alone with
my thoughts.
So we are here for at least a week? Nix huffed out a sigh.
I raised a shoulder. It will give us time to collect information. Megan trotted over to the bed and laid down. Getting comfortable? I
chuckled at her as she dug under the thin blanket.
Might as well. I need to rest. My body has had less time outside, and I am weaker than you and Nix. And while I’d love for either of you to take over, or share power with me, I also realize we will need most of your power when we escape.
That’s days from now… Nix offered, but Megan just settled deeper into the bed, curling up.
Yeah, but we don’t know how many traps are around here. We rushed in, no plan last time, and look where that got us. Now we have to plan. She turned to me. Is there a way for you to keep us from being drained by the magic thrown around here?
I settled on the ground next to Nix. I don’t honestly know. But I can try to figure it out.
Good. Megan nodded. I looked at Nix, and we both snorted. But Megan was already asleep. I looked to Nix.
Sleep. I’ll take the first watch.
Nix settled against my side. Are you sure?
Yeah, I’m sure. If anyone comes in to talk to us, I will every one up.
Nix curled up and put her head on my lap again. In minutes, she was asleep. Once again I was alone with my own thoughts,
surrounded by wolf snoring. I pulled magic to me; I tossed a light ball up in my mind to illuminate the book I had in my hands. I
rubbed my fingers over my Book of Shadows, its words and form a figment of my imagination here. But it would mirror the real
one at home.
Now…to find a solution.
###Next D 408
Chapter 408
There was a bang, and a door slammed open. “Alpha.” The guard at the door called, and instantly we were all on guard.
“Leave us.” He motioned for the wolf to leave, and he strolled down to my cell. “Hello.” He watched me with hooded eyes. “Still vicious?” Megan growled, causing Vince to chuckle. “I find it interesting that you aren’t afraid of me.”
We barked out a laugh. “Why would I be afraid of you?”
Vince froze. “You speak?” Megan rolled her eyes and turned out back on him.
“Stupid male.” She tossed her head, glaring at him over her back.
He chuckled, then turned back to the door. He grabbed the chair there and pulled it over in front of my cell. “Well, you kept your
mouth shut the first day we met. I assumed you were mute.”
I huffed out a sigh. “I nearly bit half of your face off. My mouth was very much open.”
He threw his head back and started laughed. “You did. I will give you that.” Vince leaned closer to the bars and Megan lifted her
lip. “You don’t like me, do you?”
“Should I?” she snapped back.
“Well, I am an alpha.”
She snorted. “Why do males always think that is a big enough reason to like someone?” She leveled him with a glare. “I don’t care if you’re a king. I was out for a run, stumbled into your fucking shit show, and now I’m in here.” She looked around. “Caged like a wolf in a human zoo, and according to the one man in your little foursome of bullshit, waiting to die. So, goddess forgive me, if I
don’t give a fuck if you’re an alpha or not.”
Vince laughed again and nodded. “Fair enough.” He leaned back in his seat. “How did you get out there?”
Megan played dumb. “What the hell do you mean? I live out there. If you hadn’t noticed, I’m not a pack wolf.” She made a show of sniffing her fur. “I wasn’t on any pack lands I knew of.”
Vince nodded. “You’re right, we were a little off my pack lands.”
“Then why am I here? You have no jurisdiction on lone wolves on unclaimed land.” Megan growled. “I might not be a pack
animal, but I know your fucking laws.”
Vince crossed his arms. “Right again. But you can’t leave.” He raised his hands and spread his fingers. “I feel like I should
apologize.”
“Unless you’re apologizing for taking me and releasing me…” Megan cocked her eyebrow. “No?” He shook his head. “Then I guess we have nothing to talk about.” She turned her back to him.
Vince sat watching us. I could hear him taking deep breaths, bringing in a lot of our scent.
1/3
I looked at Nix. You guys know more about the scent changing than I do. Can we make our scent more potent?
Yea…but why? Nix trotted over to our magic, and the candle still burning.
Because I want our scent to almost burn into his nose. I want it to haunt him through the night, so he becomes obsessed with us
faster. The faster he gets angry about how much he likes us, the faster we can get out of here.\
Nix focus on the flame, and it grew bigger. The scent that they chose for Megan’s form filled the clearing. Smart. Plus, as he
becomes more infatuated with us, he might slip up.
I nodded. We can hope he’s that dumb.
It’s Vince Amy. Nix leveled me with a look. We know he’s that dumb. We both stared at each other for a minute before laughing. Nix turned and fan the scented smoke with her tail. You do realize he is going to think we are about to hit a heat, right?
That’s fine. That’s actually perfect because it means he will do whatever he can to ensure he can mate with me. He can’t force me,
so he will have to win me over so he can get me to shift back.
How do you know?
I don’t, but I have a feeling. We will just have to see how he reacts.
Nix nodded and fanned the scent further. Megan readjusted so her eye was facing Vince, and she glared at him. He smiled and
made a show of settling into the chair, getting comfortable.
“You don’t want to get to know me? Maybe I’m a good guy.” He smirked.
But Megan just stood, fluffing her fur, and then spun. Her tail swung in a way it looked like she was just trying to get comfortable,
but she was sending her scent over to Vince. Then she settled again and closed her eyes. One eye stayed cracked so she could
watch his reaction. The jail was filled with the scent of old blood and antiseptic, but we saw when the scent hit him.
His eyes dilated and his nostrils flared as he took her scent in. “You’re almost in heat.”
###Next D 409
Chapter 409
But Megan ignored him. He stood and crowded the bars, drawing in more air and her scent. “Fuck.” Then he turned and spun away. “I’ll be back with your next meal.” He walked to the door, grabbed a tray he had left there, and came back. He pushed the food through the tray slot at the bottom of the door.
Megan popped up. She walked over slowly, watching Vince. She stopped short of his hands. Then she pawed the food tray the rest
of the way to her.
We walked Vince’s eyes almost completely disappear into his pupils before his wolf took over. His eyes flashed to a soft chocolate brown, and there was a deep rumbling in his chest. “You smell good.‘
Megan rolled her eyes and sniffed the food. Each item had to be sniffed, tasted and then we had to wait for any reactions. But as soon as Megan sniffed the meat, she pulled back and swatted the tray against the bars.
Vince’s wolf watched her, and then he smirked. “Smart girl. Most don’t notice the silver.” Megan let out a low growl before she turned her back on him. He growled back. “You can pretend you don’t find me to be a threat, but I know the truth.”
She just flicked her tail, hopped back onto the bed, and closed her eyes.
Vince, or his wolf, watched us for a while longer before he stormed out of the building. The guard watching to door returned
about five minutes after he had left. He was panting and had a half–eaten sandwich in his hand. 1
He settled into the chair and grumbled. “He tells me to go have a fucking break and then screams at me for eating. The fuck did he
expect me to do?”
Megan stayed in the same spot for the rest of the day. She didn’t touch any of the food that Vince brought her. She straight up ignored him every time he came in. The only thing she did was readjust every minute, sending her scent into the air.
It was slowly eroding at Vince’s sanity. By the third day, he was actually drooling. He had just sent the guard away and he was
already at the bars, as close as he could be.
As soon as Megan saw him, she stood and turned her back to him. Then she twitched her tail as she settled again, sending her
scent into the air. He reached a hand in with some water. Megan heard a droplet of water hit the ground so she opened her eyes,
thinking it was from the cup, but she realized it was frozen Vince. His eyes were hooded and glazed. His mouth was slightly open
as he panted in her scent and another droplet of drool hit the ground.
“Come here.” He tried to command her, but the words rolled off her back. He closed his eyes and hit his forehead against the bars.
He yelped and jumped back.
Megan just shook her head slowly. “Did you forget your own cell was silver?”
Vince shook his head to clear it. “Your scent is making it difficult to think.”
Megan scoffed. “So you are blaming me for going into heat?” She rolled her eyes. “I can’t control when it happens.” She stood
and hopped off the bed. She walked to the bars. “If you don’t like the smell, let me go.” She sat on her butt and glared at him.
1/3
“I don’t want you to leave.”
She laughed. “It’s not like you like me.”
“I do.” Vince jumped in and then realized what he did. His face went through the seven stages of grief. Then he settled on anger. “Stop fucking moving it around.” He threw the cup down the hall. “It’s stinking up this fucking place.”
I guess he’s moved on to anger. Nix snorted.
“You’re fucking blaming me? You fucking brought me here.”
“I had to.” He hissed. “You saw things you shouldn’t of. And if he fucking finds out, we are all dead.”
“Who the fuck cares? You’re the big bad alpha as you fucking love to rub in my face. Who the fuck cares?”
“Garith!” There was that name again.
Who the hell is Garith? I feel like I should know. But something is blocking it. I looked at Nix and her eyes had glazed over. That
isn’t normal. I growled.
What’s wrong? Nix snapped out of whatever had her.
Someone is using magic against us. Specifically, to forget who Garith is.
Nix furrowed her brows. Whose that?
Exactly. Who is he?
“Who the fuck is Garith?” He froze, but Megan glazed over the name. “You wanna know what? I don’t actually give a fuck. This man isn’t going to fucking care about a lone wolf out for a run.
})
Vince crouched down and leaned in to the bars. He took in a big sniff and then sighed. “You are right. He wouldn’t care about
you…and I shouldn’t either.” Then he turned and left the jail, slamming the door as he left.
###Next D 410
Chapter 410
The guard was pacing, nervous. He kept glancing back at me and muttering to himself. That put me on edge.
Why does he keep looking back here? Nix stood and started to pace.
I don’t know. But it’s not good. I moved to the clearing, checking on my magic. I had been funneling all of mine and Nix’s extra
energy into our well. Building it until our flame turned into a giant bonfire. The magic was burning bright, and it took effort to
keep it contained, my like my aura.
How are you doing? Megan called back to me.
We are ready. I shot back. I had been studying the book for days until I figured I could use a reversal rune to block the drain of our
power. It will actually pull power from those chasing us and feed it into our bodies until we remove the rune. I had carved the rune
into Nix and myself. Megan, I left for last.
The door slammed open and Brandon strolled in. I wanted to recoil from the look on his face; it was so vicious. But I would never
hide or cower from this man.
“Looky looky.” He smirked as he crouched down. He smiled, and I could tell he was really enjoying this. The sick fuck. “You messed up, girl.”
I scoffed and rolled my eyes. What could we have possibly done in here?
He’s an idiot. Nix shook her head but settled at the barrier in case Megan needed her.
“You pranced around here, with your scent clogging up this place.” Brandon took in a deep breath. “I’ll give it to you. You smell
delicious. But my dad doesn’t like distractions, and that is exactly what you have become.”
Megan turned her back to him, ignoring his words.
“Don’t fucking turn your back on me.” He lunged, and his hands slammed into the bars. He reeled back, screeching as he went.
Burns covered his palm, the side of the other arm, and one side of his face.
I started to laugh. Every time I want to give him the benefit of the doubt, but then he does something like this.
He kicked at one bar, snapping it from the base, but he didn’t notice. He was too busy screaming. “Stupid fucking whore.” Megan
chuffed out a laugh. Brandon whirled. “You think this is funny? You like this, you stupid bitch?”
Megan turned and leveled him with a look. Then she slowly nodded, taunting him more. Finally, she chuffed out another laugh.
“It’s amusing to see how fucking stupid you are, pup.” Her words seemed to tip him over the edge.
He kicked another bar, snapping it from the base. “You can laugh all you fucking want, bitch, but I’m not the one that’s about to
be drained. I’m not the one that is going to be diced up and fed to scavengers out in the middle of the forest.” Brandon loomed
over us and smirked. “Better enjoy the next hour, slut. Once my father is back, you’re dead.” He turned and stomped to the door.
“Why wait until daddy comes back?” Megan called after him, freezing him at the door. “Can’t do it on your own?” She laughed.
1/3
He just looked back at us over his shoulder. “You think you can taunt me into letting you out, but I’m not stupid? You’re a fucking rogue. But death is too good for you. We will drain your blood first, and your power, and feed off of it. You death will help us kill the king. So be thankful your last breath will be for a good cause.” He was gone before I could process his words fully.
They are going to kill Rowan… I turned to Nix, who was already pushing through the barrier.
Get your ass up here, Amy. Nix called back. We will need all three of us working together to get out of this shit hole.
I pushed past the barrier, and the three of us merged into one mind. It was a confusing jumble. “Shut the fuck up.” Megan whispered. “You are both thinking too loud.” We all took a minute to calm ourselves. “Now. Let’s get out of here.”
We pulled back and aimed at the two broken bars. Then we slammed against them full force. I wanted to scream as the silver slid across our body. The burns searing into my very soul. One or the bars went into my shoulder. The silver cauterized the stab wound as I pulled free.
Hurry. Nix cried out in pain as we limped forward. I pushed my magic into our healing as we stumbled to the main door just as the guard came back in.
“What the fuck?” The guard took a minute to register was he was seeing. The bars of my cell were bent outward, two snapped from the bottom. The smell of burnt flesh and fur hit his nose and his eyes searched the room. “Where-” 1
But that’s all he got out as my claws sliced across his throat. He dropped, blood pouring from him, and I felt a twinge of guilt as we jumped over his body and out into the forest.
“Hey!”
###Next D 411
Chapter 411 
I heard Vince call out behind us, but I pushed Megan to run fast. I felt the first trap try to pull strength from us, and I realized I
hadn’t carved the rune onto Megan yet.
Fuck. I pushed forward, shoving my wolves back. The instincts were telling us to run, to flee, but I needed to get the rune on to
her skin or else we wouldn’t make it very far.
Amy, we have to run. Nix screamed from behind me, but I still forced Megan’s body to freeze. I stretched out our leg and used a
claw to cut into the skin. I could hear the footsteps coming behind me. Amy! There is more the Vince chasing after us. We have to
go. She tried to push, but I held her back. 1
Trust me, we need this or else we are cooked. I looked behind us as Vince pushed through the last trees, blocking our view. His
face broke into a smile, but then he faltered as he saw what I was doing.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Vince stepped closer and the smell of blood hit his nostrils. His eyes snapped to my leg. “If you
wanted to die, you could have just allowed us to drain you instead of killing my guard and then coming out here to do this to
yourself.”
I barked out a laugh. I was almost done, but I needed to stall. “You think I would give you the chance?” He reeled back like I
slapped him. I sliced again and stepped closer.
“Stop that.” He growled as he watched my blood tail into the earth.
“Why, if I’m going to give my life’s blood away, I’d rather give it to the earth. You don’t fucking deserve a fucking drop of it.” I
snarled and Vince’s eyes tighten.
“Who are you?” He stepped closer than Rick, and Brandon stepped out of the forest.
2 
I chuckled. “You think the three of you are going to be enough?”
The men stumbled at that comment. Brandon was the first to recover, and he laughed. “Do you really think you can take any of us
down?”
It was my turn to laugh as I cut into my leg again. One more line and I was golden. “I could take you down in less than a minute,
pup. You aren’t even strong enough to cause me to slow down.”
Brandon lunged, but Vince caught him. I watched as his eyes rushed over me, calculating. Branon screamed and tried to lunge
again, but still Vince held him back. “Calm yourself.” 
Brandon stopped pulling and turned on his dad. “Do you really think she could beat me?” I laughed at the absurdity of the situation. “Shut the fuck up!” He screamed as he wheeled on me.
“Oh, is the pup upset because daddy dearest doesn’t think he can beat little old me?” I watched his face transform from angry to
pure hatred and rage. I laughed as Vince held him back. “Too bad. I would have enjoyed watching the life drain from your eyes,
Brandon.”
1/2
Chapter 411
+15 Bonus
They all froze when I said his name. But then Brandon shook. “You can’t trick us. You heard them say my name the other day in the clearing.”
I just smiled as I sliced the last line into the rune. I felt the drain stop and sighed. I stood up on my paws and grinned. “Well, it’s
been really fun, guys. But I think it’s time I took my leave.”
Rick walked closer and I could see the slight panic in his eyes. “I don’t think so, girl.” He tried to shut down the emotion, but he was having a harder time today.
I let my tongue wag as I smiled. “But I do.” I turned to look at Vince and Brandon. “Until we meet again.” I winked and then I turned and sprinted full force towards the field where we were going to hold our mating ceremony again. At least I knew my way out of the pack through the streets. The woods were full of traps anyway, and who knew what else was waiting for me?
I allowed Nix to take over, and I stepped back, pulling magic to us, and pushing it into Megan’s feet. Nix wanted to howl. The
feeling of the wind in our fur once again was a gift from the goddess, but she held back.
We were moving quickly. I heard Rick behind me, but then I heard him stumble. “What the fuck?” Rick called back to Vince.
“Something is wrong.”
Vince made it to his side as he hit the ground. “What’s wrong?”
Rick shook in his exertion. “I feel drained.” He looked up at Vince. “I don’t know what’s wrong.”
I laughed as I slid to a stop a block away. Far enough for a head start, but close enough they could still hear my voice. “Your witch
isn’t the only one with tricks.” Then I turned and ran.
Not interesting at all
###Next D 412
Chapter 412 
+15 Bonus
I ran past my house, and I wanted to turn in, to check in on everyone. But I had to run back and pretend I just got back in. I ran
past guards and patrols, gaining speed. When Nix got tired, Megan took over. I kept feeding magic into our feet, and after a few
hours of running back and forth, weaving through the groups of wolves, I was finally off pack lands.
Nix? I turned back to my exhausted wolf.
Yeah? She rolled over to look at me.
Use the vacuum.
She furrowed her brow. What the hell are you talking about?
Remember when we were learning to change our scent? The candle changed it and the vacuum…
Made it disappear completely.
I nodded. Exactly. I don’t want anyone following our trail.
She nodded and hopped up. I watched as she dragged herself to the clearing and I summoned the vacuum. Itg was funny to watch
her blow out the candle and then turned on the vacuum. She got the switch on the third attempt with her claws. She grabbed the
hose with her teeth and sat down with it pointed at the candle. 1
I tuned back to Megan. I know you’re tired. But we need to make this as confusing as ever. Just in case they can track by prints.
She nodded and started weaving in and out of the trees. She ran through a few streams and then doubled back further up. It was dark by the time we made it to the airport. I shifted back to my boud for the first time in almost a week. I stretched before I jogged
down to the SUV. I pulled my keys out of my pocket and I kissed them, thankful that my shifting let me keep my keys. 1
I slid into my mom’s SUV and grabbed my phone from where I left it. It was dead, not surprising. So I turned the car on and plugged the charger into it. I was going to wait, but then my stomach rumbled, and I realized I hadn’t eaten or drank anything the entire time I was locked up. I pulled out and drove to some burger joint drive thru.
I ate in the parking lot as my phone charged. I finished my meal and finally turned my phone on. I had to wait a solid minute for all the notifications to stop. Before I could do anything, a call came through. My mom’s name flashed on the screen.
“Hello.”
I heard her quiet sob as she heard my voice. But she was still smart enough to be careful of what she said. “Hey baby. I miss you already.” Her voice was full of tears. “I feel like I haven’t talked to you in a week.”
I laughed. “It’s only been a few hours, mom.” I sighed as I stretched. “I just landed. I have a ton of notifications that I have to go through and I have to drive home. But I’ll video call when I’m home, okay?”
“Of course, sweetheart.” She sniffled. “Remember to stop and get groceries. The stuff at the house was pretty much gone, and anything that was left in the house is probably bad.” Shit, they needed food.
1/2
Chapter 412
+15 Bonus
“Of course, mom, I’ll stop off at the store. Thanks for reminding me. Give me two hours and I’ll be able to video call you so you
can see my face. Okay?”
“Sounds good, baby. Two hours. Promise me.”
“I promise. Two hours.” I hung up and checked the rest of my phone. I missed over a hundred calls from my mother. There were a
few that I had no idea who they were from. Over twenty from Rick. Then there was a weird text message that was encrypted. I
clicked it and was surprised it was from Rick.
R- Hey! This isn’t as secure as I would want it to be, but as soon as you open the message, it’s timed to delete. Your friend was caught in the forest…by me. If you can come save her, that would be great. I don’t want her to die. Please Amy, answer me. I need
to tell you the full truth.
As I finished the message, there was a timer at the bottom of the message, and just like he said it would, it disappeared after the
counter reached zero. 
I started the car and turned back to the pack lands. “Nix. Put the vacuum away and put up my scent. We need to grab some food for everyone and head to the cabin. Plus, tomorrow we have to invite Rick and his family over for dinner. We need to get the entire
truth.”
Do you think he’s going to lie? Nix settled after the scent was switched, her exhaustion catching up with her.
Yes. Megan flopped next to her.
“We will have to see.”
###Next D 413
Chapter 413 
+15 Bonus
I pulled into the house a little earlier than I expected. The grocery store was pretty empty. I only saw two workers. I grabbed my
groceries and was out of the door before anyone said hello to me, which was fine. I needed a shower, and to see my girl. I brought
everything inside and put it next to the closet. I left the door locked until I was ready to go over.
I would do everything I needed to first because I knew if I went to the cabin, I was going to get an earful. I hopped in the shower
and groaned. It felt amazing to have my shower again. I had bought new shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. I had a brilliant
idea as I was shopping. One that was sure to make Brandon go slightly insane.
I smirked as I sniffed the strawberry scent I had missed the last few years. Nix and Megan both sniffed the air and sighed. I
missed this smell. Nix purred in my mind.
Megan nodded. It makes me feel at home.
I finished my shower and got out, covering myself in more strawberry scented product. My scent was throwing off the
combination, but soon enough, I would be back to my normal scent. I smirked as I got dressed and locked the house down. I
stepped through the closet with the bags of food to find everyone waiting, pacing, and crying in my bedroom.
“Where the fuck have you been?” My mother lunged for me. I barely had time to put the food down before she was sobbing in my
arms. “I thought I had lost you.” Her ragged words hit my stomach and I pulled her close.
“I’m fine. I got out.” I pulled back and kissed her cheek.
“What do you mean you got out?” Wendy called.
I dropped down and picked Carly up. “Hey baby girl. Miss me?”
Carly’s eyes were full of pain. “I thought you left me, too.” 
I hugged her close. “I can’t say I won’t ever leave you, but I will tell you I will never want to leave you, baby girl.” I clutched her to
my chest and looked at my friends. Even Lynn was there. “You look better.”
She smiled. “This place has given me back my peace.” I watched her eyes darken. “Now I’m focused on becoming stronger.”
I nodded as Carly pulled away. “Grandma started to train us together, even me.‘
I looked at my mom, and she nodded. “We all needed a distraction this last week.” Her eyes searched mine. “We were all a little scared when you disappeared.”
I nodded. “Porch wine later. I brought a few bottles.” I smiled at them and all eyes turned to Carly. But my sweet girl wasn’t
stupid.
“You just don’t want me to hear it.”
I nodded. “I don’t. If I could keep it from you entirely, I would.” I kissed her head. “Now how bout we make dinner? I brought a
few frozen pizzas, and then we get ready for bed.”
1/2
Chapter 413
+15 Bonus
Carly looked up at me. “Can I sleep in here with you?” Her voice was soft and held a tiny bit of worry.
I kissed her temple. “I’m not going anywhere; baby.” I hugged her tighter. “Of course you can.”
Wendy and Toya gave me a side hug as they gathered the bags. But the Toya turned. “She’s been too worried about you to do
much else. Why don’t you go down to the tree? She hasn’t been to see her dad all week and I know she has wanted to.”
I nodded. “Let’s go see daddy.”
Carly smiled. “Okay.” She wiggled down and then ran downstairs.
I turned to my mom and Lynn. “Two weeks.” 
Lynn stood and nodded. “I can be ready in two weeks.”
“So can I.” But I shook my head. “I need you here, mom.”
“No. We all discussed it. Wendy is going to stay with Carly. Toya, me and Lynn will becoming with you.” I could tell her mind was
already made up, but I felt it. It was wrong.
“I can’t allow that, mom.” I watched as she grew mad, but I held up my hand before she could scream. “Something is coming
here. I can’t tell what it is, but you will be needed here to protect everyone.”
She deflated. “But what about you?”
“I’ll be fine.” I kissed her. “Now I have to take my kid to go see her dad. Porch wine, and we will discuss everything,”
Lynn nodded. “I’m going to train…Ainsley do you mind coming to help?”
She stared at me for a minute before she nodded and turned to Lynn. “Of course, sweetheart.” We all trailed down the stairs and
out the back door where Carly was vibrating, too excited to contain it.
“Let’s go, Amy.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the grave. There was already a small blanket set up and Carly ran to it. She dropped on to the soft fabric. “Hi daddy. I miss you. But Amy finally came back.” She looked back at me and smiled.
###Next D 414
Chapter 414
I opened myself up as I sat down and sent out a call. “Sorry it took so long.” I sighed as I sat down next to her.
“You were busy.” Carl’s voice was sad, and as I looked over, both he and my grandmother looked worried. “But you are here
now.”
“I didn’t expect both of you.” I sighed.
“Daddy.” Carly called as she jumped up, but I grabbed her.
“He’s not really here, baby, remember? You can’t touch him.” She trembled and then she sat back down. They settled across from
us with the grave between us.
“I forgot.” She looked at him. “I miss you, daddy.”
“And I miss you too, baby.” He leaned over, then need to touch his daughter too much. “I heard every time you prayed to me.” His eyes softened. “And I want you to know, baby. That if you want to call Amy mom, or if at any time Amy gets a mate and you want to call him dad, your mother and I won’t mind. We will always be your mommy and daddy.” The tears in his eyes were full of
love. 1
Carly looked at me and I smiled down at her. “You don’t have to call me or my mate anything you don’t want to. I won’t mind. I’ll still love you either way.” I kissed her head.
“Carl?” My grandmother turned to him and he nodded. “Darling. You and I have to talk.” She nodded behind us. “Carl will sit
with Carly for a bit.”
I kissed Carly again. “I’ll be close if anything happens.” I stood and walked away from the two, speaking low at the grave. I turned to find my grandmother beside me. “What’s wrong?”
“I know you are thinking of finding the Lycans, but that isn’t for you to do.” She looked back at the grave. “That is destined for
someone else.”
“But.” I looked at Carly. “She is so young.”
“And it will wait until she is ready. You have other things to worry about.”
I nodded. “I have a plan for Vince, but I don’t know who this Garith is.” My grandmother paled. “You know something.”
She nodded, but she held up her hand. “Talk to your father, talk to your computer friend. Make a plan. They are worried about you and you will need them.” There was something else she wanted to say. She leaned over and kissed me. “Your father…he needs to confess some things to you. Some secrets will shift your entire world, and the view of people you have had. Be open to it.” She kissed me. “And be ready to be your true self. Full, unhindered, and wild.” She pulled back and cupped my face. I closed my eyes, trying to feel her hands, but there was nothing but the wind. “You are going to make an amazing leader one day.”
I laughed. “I am no leader.”
1/3
Chapter 414
+15 Bonus
She glanced back at the grave. “Leave the Lycans for the Shaman. She has her own fate to figure out. Focus on the men who are
trying to take over the world.” Then she was gone. I turned and walked back to the grave.
“Your nan gone already?” I nodded to Carl. “You had all of us worried for a few days there, girlie.” His eyes danced to Carly. “We
could only watch and hope you got out.”
I smiled. “I wouldn’t leave our girl.” I winked at him and hugged Carly to my side.
He sighed and smiled. “Thank you. For everything so far, and everything to come.” He stood and looked at his daughter. “I love
you, baby.”
“I love you too, daddy.” She turned to me. “He can’t stay?” I could hear the hope in her voice, and it broke me.
I shook my head. “I don’t have that power, my love.” She nodded and turned back, but Carl was already gone. I watched her
deflate a little.
“I miss him so much.” A tear fell, and I pulled her into my lap.
“I know.” I hugged her. “You are going to miss him every day of your life.” I pulled back to look down at her. “Some days it will be
easy, a flicker of love in your heart and a tiny piece of you calling for him. And some days, the ground will shift out from under
your feet and your entire body will ache with your love for him. The need to see him will make your bones ache.” I ran a hand
down her head. “Grief is something that changes you forever. But I will say, the longer you go, the easier days come more and
more, and the bad days, they feel easier to deal with when they come farther apart.”
“You lost someone you loved.” She wasn’t asking. She could tell I knew the feeling.
I nodded. “I lost my pup.” I smiled at her and I could feel the tears in my eyes. “You make it easier to deal with, though. The days
that are bad, you make them a little lighter.” I stood with her and she wiggled down.
“You make my days easier, too.” She smiled up at me. 
Toya stepped out of the back door. “It’s dinnertime.”
###Next D 415
Chapter 415 
+15 Bonus
I walked into the office early the next morning. I was exhausted still, but I had things to do. Alannah stood with a shout. “Amy!
You’re back.” She ran over and hugged me. “I was so worried when I hadn’t heard anything from you.”
“I just spent some time with my mom on an island off the coast. Cell service was bad.” I sniffed her. “You smell good.” I pulled
back, patting her back. “I like the perfume, what is it?”
She looked a little confused for a moment. “It’s vanilla.”
I smiled. “It smells great, but I can tell it’s wearing off. You might want to add a little, so it lasts all day.” I winked at her as
understand entered her eyes.
“Good idea. I’ve been running around all morning, so I was really sweaty.” She turned around and went to her desk, pulling the
bottle from her purse and spraying herself. She turned to me expectantly. “How’s that?”
“Perfect.” I looked around. “Is Rick in?”
She shook her head. “He left early yesterday after his meeting with the alpha. I think we weren’t feeling well.” She sat down at
her desk. “He left instructions on your desk on the slim chance you came back.”
“Thanks Alannah.” I winked again and turned into my office. I hung up my coat and purse and sat at my desk, booting everything
up. I pulled my laptop out of my bag and set it up next to my work computer. The newly installed privacy screen protecting what I
was doing from the camera and any looky Lou’s. I booted both computers up as I grabbed the instructions.
There were a few maintenance pieces to handle, and then the last instruction caught my eye. ‘After you have completed
everything, I had hidden a Trojan inside the main mainframe. You have eight hours from the moment you boot your computer up to purge it from the mainframe or else everything is lost. Good luck.‘
“Fuck.” I swore, but in reality I was ecstatic. Now I had a reason to poke around the entire system. I dropped the paper and looked
at both screens. My work computer had a timer visible on the bottom screen counting down the eight hours. I stretched to get to
work, but my laptop screen was flashing.
I hadn’t had time to check my computer last night. I crashed hard after porch wine, and explaining my captivity for the last week.
I still remember Toya crossing her arms. “So you just hung out in a jail cell?” She looked at my mom and Wendy. “Why the fuck
would you do that?”
I scratched at my head. “Okay, before you judge me, there were a few reasons. One, I was weak from the draining. I needed to
rebuild our strength before we ran away. Second, I needed to find a way to stop the drain. And last, Vince was talking. In the few
days when he came in, he talked a lot. More than he realized.”
“How much could he have said that was more important than Carly?” Wendy’s voice was soft, but it hit me like a sledgehammer.
“Nothing is more important than Carly.” I shook my head as I took a swallow of wine. “But they revealed Lycans were still alive.”
Everyone perked up at that, my mom in particular.
1/3
Chapter 415
“That’s impossible.” She shook her head. “I remember the devastation of the clans.”
“Clans?” Wendy turned to look at my mom.
+15 Bonus
She nodded. “Lycans stayed in clans. Much like the wolf packs, but a different title, with a different rule. Plus, depending on the
clan, it gave you standing.” She turned to me. “You must have heard wrong.”
I shook my head. “They chased the living Lycans into the mountains and lost the trail. They even hinted that the goddess was
keeping them safe.”
My mother sagged against the railing. “They might still be alive.” Tears trailed down her face. Her eyes danced to mine. “Our family might still be alive?”
I lifted my shoulder. “I don’t know. I just know a basic area, and that there were sure some were still alive.”
My mom stood. “Let’s go.”
I grabbed her hand before she could leave. “I was told today that the lycans weren’t for me to find.”
My mom turned back to me. “What do you mean?”
I nodded to the house. “That’s something for Carly to do.” 
“She’s a fucking child, Amy. How the hell is she supposed to find and bring home the clans?” I pulled her back against the railing.
“You think I don’t know that? But I also believe the goddess has her own plans for everyone. The Lycans are destined for Carly.
We already have too much to worry about. With Vince working with Verity. Rowan being surrounded by people trying to kill him,
Verity using magic on him, and the rogues attacking packs still.” 
The beep of my computer drew me back to the screen.
Thoth: WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU!
Oh shit.
###Next D 416
Chapter 416 
I sighed before I pulled up our chat screen. The dark screen was full of messages that I had missed.
Thoth: Hey. You missed our chat last night. We were going to work on getting into the mainframe. Is everything okay?
Thoth: Amy? Hey. It’s been hours. I’m starting to worry.
Thoth: Amy? I called your dad. He said he hasn’t been able to get in touch with you, and he’s even starting to worry. Is everything
okay? We are starting to panic.
Thoth: Okay, listen, I know you are probably busy. Especially with the kids. I know you said that the king was in the past, but
maybe you should reach out to Rowan about the kids. Maybe he can help.
Thoth: Hey it’s been another day. Are you okay? I fully expect you to message me back today. I called you but you didn’t answer.
Thoth: I just realized it might be weird that I called you…I got your number from your dad. I figured since we are friends, you
wouldn’t care.
Thoth: Okay, don’t be weird about me calling you.
Thoth: I’m panicking.
I laughed at that. Thoth was adorably awkward. I really liked that about him.
Thoth: Hey. This is the third day you haven’t answered any messages from me. I don’t know if you have decided to hate me or
something, but if you could just tell me you’re safe and okay. That would be enough. Even if you never wanted to talk to me again,
I’d be okay just knowing you were safe.
I froze at that last message. That hit a little different. I knew he was worried about me, but this sounded a little different.
Thoth: Amy, please answer me. I’m about to charge into Vince’s pack and kill everyone.
There was a gap in time before the next message came in.
Thoth: I have a pit in my stomach that something happened to you. I’m trapped by everything going on and I hate I can’t come
there to see you for myself. Please, goddess, answer me.
Thoth: I’m sick with worry. I tracked your phone to the airport. Your mom is at the cabin, same with Toya’s and Wendy’s, so I
know they are safe with your pup. But yours hasn’t moved in days. Are you gone, and I’m just too stupid to realize it?
Thoth: I tried to make it to Vince’s pack through the woods today, but there are traps everywhere. I nearly died as I fell into a pit full of spears. Your father had to pull me out. It took a full day to wake up and now I’m stuck in bed.
Thoth: I begged the goddess to tell me if you were still alive. I needed a sign, anything, to know you were still alive. But I got nothing. I think she hates me for hurting you.
Hurting me? What was he even talking about? All he’s done since coming into my life was help me. He helped me with school,
1/3
Chapter 416
+15 Bonus
with hacking into Vince’s mainframe, advice, fuck he even told me to wait before making any decisions about mating someone.
Thoth: Please be alive.
Thoth: I don’t think I would survive without you…
And then the last message pulsed on the screen. I could feel his anger and frustration through the computer.
Thoth: WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU!
I reread all of his messages and I felt a pained crushing weight in my chest. I made him worry. I made him panic, and I felt
horrible. “Why do I feel bad?” I whispered to the screen.
“Did you do something wrong?” I jumped and looked up to find Alannah at the door with a mug of coffee. “Sorry. I was just bringing you your coffee when I heard you whisper the question.” She smiled. “I didn’t mean to intrude.”
I smiled and waved her in. “You didn’t. I was just confused by my feelings.” I laughed. I pointed at my computer. “I had to get it
fixed, and I missed a call with an acquaintance. She has been close to me, and helping me with my human business side hustle.
She was worried about me, panicked really, and I felt terrible about it.”
“So not a friend?”
I shrugged. “She’s helped me a lot. We talked a lot over the computer but never met, or even saw, each other.” I sat back. “I don’t know if you could call that a friendship.”
Alannah set my cup on the desk and smiled. “I think you are focused on the wrong things. So what if you have never met? Did you talk to her about life, about stuff that wasn’t related to your business?”
I nodded. It was hard to keep track of what I could say in front of the damn cameras. “Yeah, she knows a lot about my life, and I
know about hers.” 
“Then stop diminishing your relationship. You feel what you feel. You can make friends online. I mean, humans fall in love over the internet…why can’t we make friends?” She turned and left me to think over her words.
###Next D 417
Chapter 417
Humans fall in love…
The words bounced around in my head. There was no fucking way. I turned to look at my wolves, who were sitting comfortably.
There is no gods damn way.
Nix snorted as she looked at Megan. She’s really trying to convince us…when we share her fucking soul and already know the
truth.
Megan shrugged. I wasn’t going to point it out to her. She ran to her computer every night for months, talking to the man. If she
wanted to be stupid, that was her prerogative.
They both looked at me and I staggered back. YOU KNEW!
Both shrugged. Look. Nix stepped closer and ran her side down the barrier. After Brandon. I wasn’t going to agree to any mate.
But then you met Rowan.
And while we both liked him. Megan pressed against the barrier, sending love. There were too many things holding you both
back. Including us.
What are you guys even talking about?
Nix sighed. She pulled back and looked at her paws. I knew you loved Rowan. We both did. And before we realized Erubus was
Rowan, I refused to agree to him. I was so hung up on Erubus that you and Rowan both ended up hurting each other.
It wasn’t because of you. I cut in, but she just looked at me.
Megan shook her head. Erubus randomly comes and visits. She looked away. We all discussed everything.
I felt like I was hit with a sledgehammer. What do you mean Erubus visits?
Nix looked away. After everything happened at the cabin…he started to show up, pressing against the outside and calling to talk
to me. But it was Megan that answered. I was still too pissed to look at him.
So Rowan knows about you? I turned to Megan, but she shook her head.
He promised to keep everything a secret. Megan looked at her paws. But we all eventually sat down and talked. He explained that,
much like Nix, he was took focused on her to realize the pain he was causing Rowan.
Rowan was in pain? The thought hurt more than I wanted to admit. What does this have to do with Thoth? I didn’t want to hurt
because of Rowan again.
Just listen. Megan sighed. Rowan was head over heels in love with you. But he refused to select a mate when Erubus didn’t agree.
Sound familiar.
Nix finally met my eyes. And you had two of us to make agree. I was too hung up on a wolf, and Megan was still trying to get over
1/3
Chapter 417
Brandon. We ruined that relationship for you.
+15 Bonus
It was never going to go anywhere. I felt the pain in my heart and ignored it. Rowan is the king…and I just want to help him stay
king.
Nix and Megan nodded, thankfully ignoring the pain I was still feeling about Rowan. I think he was always going to be a sore spot. for me. Megan jumped in. We know, but Erubus made us realize how badly we hurt you. He feels the same about Rowan. So we made an agreement. Nix nodded.
Which was? I sat there in disbelief.

That we wouldn’t interfere with anymore of your relationships. You love who you love. While we hope you would ask for our opinions if or when you ever met Thoth in real life. We didn’t point out how your relationship was changing. Nix looked between Megan and me.
Erubus said that after Verity is dealt with, he will do the same, but right now, he’s not allowing her to even speak to him.
I snorted. She must be pissed.
Megan nodded. She’s been using a lot of magic on Rowan. Erubus spends most of the day feeding him the truth to clear the confusion. Thankfully, Rowan is a smart man.
What do you mean?
He had your dad separate Erubus from him. Megan looked about to the forest.
What the hell does that mean?
We are all connected. What effects one, effects both of us. That’s why we had to carve the rune into all of us. If we had left Megan to drain, she would drain the two of us. Right? Nix offered, and I nodded.
Right.
Well, Rowan had your dad separate him and Erubus, temporarily. So if something happens to him, like someone using magic on him. It doesn’t affect his wolf. So that if he gets confused or swayed, his wolf can tell him the truth.
We got off topic. Megan sighed. What matters is that we all agreed to allow you both to make your own decisions regarding your love life. If you find your mates, then we will support it. But if you decide to choose someone… Megan looked off to the side.
Then we will do our best to support the relationship. Nix finished. Even if it’s just online. She chuckled as she turned away and headed back to the forest. Think about what we said. And answer him back before he kills himself trying to save you.
###Next D 418
Chapter 418
+15 Bonus
I sat back, watching the grey curser flashing on the screen. I needed to answer him, but I was still a little lost on how to approach
him. It’s still weird knowing that Thoth is a man. When my dad introduced us, it was just vague information. Thoth will help you.
No gender. No name other than user name. I asked over and over, but he stayed quiet.
We talked about computers at first–But then our conversations grew deeper. He asked about my day, complained about his own. It
wasn’t until I joked with him about telling Brandon that he was a human female that he finally cracked and told me he was a man.
Another alpha my father was friends with. One he had grown close to from overseas.
I shook my head to clear it. Whatever feelings I did or didn’t have for Thoth would have to wait. I wouldn’t approach any relationship until everything had been handled.
NixtheGoddess: Hey. I’m alive. Vince had captured me for a few days, but I got out. I’m at work. I have a full day, but I will do a full debrief tonight with you and my father. We have to plan.
I hit send and almost immediately, there was a response.
Thoth: Tonight at nine. Not a minute later.
NixtheGoddess: Okay. I’ll make sure I am home and ready. Did you want to do a group chat or just us?
Thoth: While I would love to monopolize your time, we don’t have time for that. Your father has heard some rumblings. And I think you have a lot more for us. Mainly, how did Vince capture you and not recognize you?
NixtheGoddess: Some things are harder to explain…but if my dad vouches for you…I have to explain everything to him, too.
Thoth: Deal.
I logged out of our chat and sent my dad an email.
Hey Dad!
I’m not dead. Video call nine tonight with Thoth. I think we have to lay everything out and make our final plans.
Love you,
Amy
I had just hit send when my office door opened. I looked up to see Brandon panting at the door. I closed my laptop and sat back. I let my face settle into cold lines.
Brandon almost recoiled. “You’re back.”
“Yes.” I crossed my arms and looked at my computer screen.
“Where have you been? I called, I texted, you never answered.” He walked in and tried to come around the desk to hug me, but I stood. I pushed the chair between us. He furrowed his brows. “What’s wrong?”
Chapter 418
+15 Bonus
“You know where I was. I was getting my mom settled in her new pack.” I leaned against the wall and put my foot on the chair, keeping it between us. “I told you I needed space to think about everything. Including us. I think I made myself pretty clear…it’s obvious you still want Shannon. She obviously wants to be with you. She even said she was pregnant by you, which at the time I missed, but I spent a lot of time thinking when I was away and I realized what she was insinuating.”
He stared at me for a minute and I could scent the panic coming from him, but I pretended not to notice. “What are you even talking about Amy?” He tried to reach for me but I held up my hands.
“I’m talking about you fucking Shannon again.” He froze after I said it. Panic lit his face, and his hands trembled.
He opened his mouth and still couldn’t speak, then he found his footing. “Why would you even think that? I love you. We are about to have our mating ceremony. We only have two weeks.” He grimaced. “Are you seriously accusing me?”
I glared at him. “Are you saying Shannon was lying?”
“Of course I am.” He finally pulled the chair out of the way and grabbed me. “I would never cheat on you. I chose you. I fought for you. I love you. It’s always been you.” He kissed me, and I stayed stiff for a minute and then allowed myself to soften. To pretend that his words, his kiss, was changing my mind. I needed him to think he won. I pulled back and let the tears come. “You believe me, right?” He ducked down to look me in my eye. “Right baby.”
I looked away, almost as if I was ashamed of myself. “I don’t know what to believe anymore. Shannon said-”
Brandon growled. “I don’t care what that whore said. I’m telling you I would never to do that to you. Do you believe I could do that to you? To us?” He stared at me.
“I-” I covered my face. “I don’t know what to say. I want to believe you. Goddess I do. But Shannon has already told everyone that she is taking my spot. I’m not stupid. Once the pack hears the rumor, they are sold on it. She has to be your mate…” I looked up at him. “I want to be with you…but she’s made it impossible.”
>
###Next D 419
Chapter 419
+15 Bonus
I watched his face go through a barrage of emotions and settled on anger. “Neither the pack nor Shannon can tell me who I can or can’t mate with.” He grabbed my face. “I want you, Amy.” He kissed me again and I had to hold myself back from puking. I couldn’t hold in the shudder, which made Brandon smile. He thought it was from need and not utter disgust. “You will be my
mate. Promise me you will give me time to fix it.”
I looked off to the side. “You have less than two weeks.” I turned back. “If Shannon hasn’t retracted everything…if she hasn’t
stepped back, then she can take my place. I won’t be second place in my bond.” I slid out from in front of him and walked to the
door. “Until then, I don’t want to be put in a situation where I would be considered the other woman.”
Brandon watched me from behind y desk before he finally nodded and then walked back towards me at the door. “I respect that.”
He leaned over and kissed me again. “I’ll handle it. Give me some time.”
I just nodded and took a deep breath when he turned to leave. Nix snorted. You are really selling the idea that you want him. I
smiled, and Brandon thought it was for him.
I have to. His ego won’t accept anything other than devotion. Which works in our favor.
“Okay.” I nodded at him. “But…”
He hesitated. “What?”
“Don’t hurt Shannon too much. I don’t want her to hate me. We have become so close these last few months and I don’t want to
lose her.”
Brandon smiled, but I saw the look in his eyes. He thought he could figure out a way to keep us both. Shannon just had to play
along. At least until I give birth and he could use our pup to drain me of my power. “Of course. Shannon is my best friend too. I
never want to hurt her.”
“Good.” I smiled and looked out at Alannah, who was hovering at her desk, unsure of what to do. “Did you need something?”
Alannah bowed. “Sorry to interrupt, but there is an issue on one firewall. There was a breech, and Rick still isn’t in. I didn’t want
to interrupt your conversation, but it’s protocol.” She tried to smile but her eyes danced to Brandon,
Brandon smiled. “I’ll let you get back to work.” He kissed me once again and I shivered again. “I’ll call you later.”
I nodded. “I have a call at nine, so if you don’t call before that, I won’t be able to answer.”
His eyes flickered for a moment, but then he nodded. “Of course.” Then he left. I turned to Alannah.
“There was a breach?”
She nodded and sat back down. “I sent the alarm to your desktop. Protocol is to go to Rick, but he’s not here.”
“All good.” I went back to my desk and I clicked on the alert in the system. An alarm popped up, notifying me that someone had
breached the first firewall from outside. “Interesting.” Was all I said and then I got to work. In minutes, I had shored up the
1/3
Chapter 419
breech and traced the attack to the college IP address. Interesting.
Alannah came in and smiled. “The alert went away, so I’m assuming that you fixed it.”
I nodded. “It took me a minute because I hadn’t been in the firewalls for a few months. But I got it done.”
+15 Bonus
Alannah smiled and shot me a thumbs up. “Rick told me to tall you to finish the list and then focus on the last task. He really
drilled it into my head. He said it was the most important.”
I smiled at her and winked. “Will do.” I turned back to my desk and saw the cold coffee. “Alannah?”
“Yeah?” She looked up from her own screen.
“With the conversation and the breech…my coffee went cold. Do you mind ordering me another? Have a kitchen omega bring it to
me. Tell them I need you here to watch for alerts, and the order came from me.” I wanted a fresh coffee, but there was no way I would ask Alannah to watch around. I needed to keep her in my line of sight the entire time. No one was going to find out she was
pregnant. At least not for another week.
She nodded as she picked up the phone. “Will do.” I turned back to my desk and got to work.
I finished the task sheet in an hour. Then I went to work on the trojan. “Hey Alannah?” I called out.
She showed up at my door. “Yeah?”
“I’m getting to work on the last task. Can you tell me if there are any alerts for a breech while I work?”
Alannah nodded, and I saw understanding on her face. “Of course.”
###Next D 420
Chapter 420 
I started in on the first firewall, which I breeched with no issue. But the second firewall blared the alarm.
“Amy!”
I sighed. “Got it.” I fixed my breech and tried again. And again. And again. I wanted to bang my head off the screen by mid day.
I groaned in frustration when I heard Alannah call out again. “Amy.”
“Seriously?” I slammed my keyboard in anger. I had made it halfway to the mainframe undetected, but I was stuck around the
ninth firewall. I stood up and started to pace.
Alannah came to the door. “Why don’t you take lunch? Take thirty minutes to regroup and then come back and attack. You will still have three hours to get rid of the virus once you settle.” She smiled and handed me the menu. “Maybe your hangry.”
I huffed out a breath and then nodded. “You are probably right.” I sighed and dropped back into my chair. I looked over the menu
and decided I needed meat. A lot of meat.
Is everything okay? I called back to my wolves.
Nix looked at me with wide eyes. I think we are going to have a problem soon.
What do you mean? I turned to focus on them, my eyes glazing over.
Megan stepped out of the forest, and even she looked a little shook. Erubus was just here.
Okay… I looked around. He’s gone, obviously…so what’s the issue? I might not like that he comes to see you two, but I’ll get over
it.
They both shook their heads. You don’t understand. Nix huddled next to Megan.
Just tell me. I threw my hands up in frustration.
Megan looked at Nix and sighed. We are going into heat.
I froze. What do you mean we? I looked between the two of them. When? How?
He said we have maybe a week or two if we can delay it. Nix jumped in. But…
But what? Hooked at my wolves, and I could feel the fear building. I couldn’t go through that again alone.
Megan pressed against Nix, drawing strength from her. We are both going into heat…at the same time, The words hit me in my
chest. Panic was in full force, and I had no way to stop it.
I slid my chair back, slamming it against the wall, and I started to pace. How is this happening? We haven’t met our mate. We only went into heat because of the kudzu. How is this even possible?
Both my wolves looked away. But Nix looked back almost guiltily. Once a wolf goes through a heat, it is possible for them to go
1/4
Chapter 420
through another. There are just circumstances that add to the likeliness of it happening.
Which are? I grabbed the menu again. I needed meat. Now. “Alannah?”
“Yeah, Amy?” She was at my door in a second, looking a little confused.
+15 Bonus
I handed her back the menu. “My brain won’t let me focus. Can you order me some steaks? Rare. I just need meat.” I turned away.
“And carbs.”
She looked at me for a minute and obviously realized there was something off, and she agreed. “Of course.”
I turned my attention back to my wolves. Now spill. How did this happen? They both dropped down and looked at their paws.
They were guilty of something. Talk to me!
Megan sighed. We are sorry; we didn’t realize it until today and now it is too late, it’s already building.
What happened?
Erubus happened. Nix finally met my eye. Erubus caused it.
I staggered back to my chair and sat down. What do you mean? What did he do to us?
Nothing. Megan surged to her feet. He didn’t do anything but be our friend.
I looked at my two wolves, and I was at a loss for my words. I’m confused. Help me understand.
Nix nodded. After a wolf goes through her first heat. It can be triggered again, even if it was forced on us. But usually only by
meeting our mate…or more herbal intervention.
Like more kudzu.
Exactly. But… Nix looked away. It can also happen if the wolf is around another wolf they like…like a chosen mate.
If I wasn’t already sitting, I would have fallen to the ground. But we don’t have a chosen mate. We don’t have any freaking mate.
Megan nodded. We know that…but our hormones don’t realize it.
Because… I looked at my two wolves and I shook my head. You guys….you can’t be serious. He already hurt us.
They both nodded. We know. And it wasn’t intentional. Nix looked back to the trees and sighed. We didn’t want this to happen,
but without Rowan interfering with him, Erubus is-
Amazing. Megan finished for her. She looked at me with sad eyes. After Brandon, I was set on never having another mate. Not one I would love. I would do it for you two, but I was going to hold myself outside. Away from the feelings, the emotion.
Then what happened?
Erubus happened.
2
###Next D 421
Chapter 421 
+15 Bonus
I covered my face with my hands. He doesn’t want me.
My wolves laid down and I knew they were sad. We know how you feel about Rowan. How you feel about Thoth if you are ever
going to admit it? We already told you we won’t interfere, but Erubus just snuck up on us. Megan huffed out a breath as she
flopped over.
Nix nodded. We thought we were just getting past the anger and the hurt that the two of them caused us. So that we could all learn
to work together. And we did. Nix sighed as she laid her head down on her paws.
Okay. I can understand that. I sat back. But what happened?
He was…just himself. No interruption. No human getting in the way with his emotions. Rowan talks himself out of a lot. Nix
shook her head. He takes a lot onto himself, more than needed. He thinks that his mate will make or break the realm. Nix sighed. I
feel bad for the weight he forces on himself. He must be exhausted all the time.
Megan nodded. He never pushed us, never made me feel excluded or uncomfortable.
He likes you. Nix looked at her. He likes you a lot.
If Megan was human, I would say she was blushing. He’s just being nice. He loves you. You can tell it by the way he looks at you.
Nix nodded. Sure you can, just like you can tell how he feels about you. They turned to me. We know this isn’t what
you
wanted.
We weren’t ever going to tell you, but now we are here. We have about two weeks before we are going into another heat. It’s our
fault for falling for Erubus when his human has shown us he’s should not be trusted. But-
Megan cut in. We couldn’t help it.
Do you love him? I watched their faces. I needed to know what the hell I was going to do if they did.
Nix and Megan looked at each other and then back at me. Nix tilted her head. I’ve never been in love before. I have only ever seen
or felt it from you two. But I don’t think I would say I’m in love. I like him. I enjoy his company. I enjoy talking with him and
spending time with him, but I think we have all held back.
Megan nodded. I like him, and I know that if I let it, it could grow into love. She leveled me with a look. But Nix and I decided way
before Erubus started showing up that the two of us fucked with your relationships too much already in both of our lives. We
won’t do it again. You loved Brandon because I did. You held back from being with Rowan because of Nix’s feelings for Erubus.
You have finally put yourself back together after the two wrecks we made. It’s your turn.
I looked at Nix, but she was already nodding. We can care about one, but leave room for you to love another.
I wouldn’t ask you to do that.
We know. Megan came to the barrier.
Nix followed. Which is why we are telling you. What we feel for Erubus doesn’t matter. You just need to prepare for your heat.
1/3
Chapter 421
+15 Bonus
And maybe…talk to Thoth a little more. Megan put in before they turned and left me alone, reeling.
There was a knock at the door. “Alpha Amy.” My head snapped up to see the omega waiting at my door with food. “May I come in
to serve you lunch?”
I sat up and smiled. “Of course. Come in.” She set up my food, three steaks and a baked potato, and then left. I dug in as a
notification pinged on my phone. I looked at it, and it was Rick.
Rick- Alannah said you were having trouble with the ninth firewall. I told you I made it unpenetrable, unless you had a battering ram. Why don’t you look for a back door? I didn’t make it easy, but if you want to take Vince down; you have to get into the
mainframe.
This was the second, or third, time he talked about a back door. The message was gone before I could read it again. I sighed and
put my phone down, turning back to my steak. I had just popped another piece into my mouth when another ping rang out.
Rick- Oh and Amy? You better fucking make your move. Rick has been talking to Garith and they are making their move on the
king right after your mating ceremony. 1
Right after the mating ceremony. I looked at the calender and pinched my nose. I hurried and finished my food and turned back to
the computer. I could barely focus with the last text running through my mind. The timer on the screen made my stomach clench,
but its message was blazingly clear.
I was running out of time.
###Next D 422
Chapter 422 
I walked out of the office with an exhausted grin on my face.
“Did you do it?” Alannah stood at her desk with a grin on her face.
“I did. Got it just as the counter was counting down.”
Alannah jumped as the door swung open and Vince walked in. “Amy!” He yelled as soon as he walked in. Alannah swung around
me as naturally as she could.
“Yes Alpha Vibce. What can I do for you?” Alannah stepped into Rick’s office, creating more space between them. Vince looked at
her retreating, but I turned away from him and grabbed my purse from my hook, pulling his attention back to me.
“You can’t call off the mating ceremony.” His face was smiling, but I saw the glint in his eye. He sounded like he was begging, but
he meant it as an order. “Brandon loves you.”
I nodded. “And I love him, but I love him enough to respect him and his reputation.”
Vince furrowed his brow. “What do you mean by that?”
I sighed as I stepped out of my office, pulling my door shut. “Alpha Vince, I know rumors don’t get back to you that much, because you are the alpha. But the pack is already talking. Shannon’s saying she was potentially pregnant by Brandon has gotten around. Everyone is talking about how they got back together.” I shook my head. “Brandon has loved and been with an unranked wolf. And while I understand in some packs, that kind of relationship is fine.” I felt my skin fall as I said these words. This made me sick. “But in our pack, it’s something to talk about. I can’t add to the drama. If I still mate with him, not only will he seem like a man who can’t decide, who can’t figure out his own feelings, but they will see him as weak for falling an unranked wolf, as someone who chose the weaker wolf. Having a weak and indecisive alpha can break a pack. I won’t muddy the waters around Brandon any more.” I walked to the door. “I’m not Shannon. I actually love and care about him.” I looked back.
“Wha-” He paused, and I watched him replay what I just said over again. “What do you mean you’re not Shannon?”
I chuckled. “How do you think the rumors got out so fast?” I headed back to Rick’s office as Vince processes what I just said.
“Mother fucker.” He whispered before he stormed away.
I waited a few minutes before I knocked on Rick’s door. “Are you ready to go?”
Alannah opened the door and stepped out with a big box. “Yeah. I found it.” Then she handed it to me.
“What’s this?” I grabbed the box from her, feeling it was pretty heavy, stuffed with papers.
“Tomorrow’s job. I just remembered it, and I was going to put it on your desk, but since you are still here.” She pointed to it. “You might want to take it home to get a head start on it.”
I shook the box, but there was nothing surprising about it. “What is it?”
1/3
Chapter 422
+15 Bonus
“Ricks files.” She laughed. “He wants you to organize them by firewall. Apparently there are sections to the box and he said since you have been through it, you can organize his ‘process‘.” She grabbed her stuff and turned away. “He also said to take out the stuff that means nothing and toss it.” She made sure I was looking at her when she said the last sentence.
“Oh, goddess.” I groaned, playing alone. “Can’t he organize his own files? Or have you do it?”
She sighed. “I tried to tell him that when he told me about the files. But he said I wouldn’t understand.” She turned off the light,
and we left the office.
“Hey.” Ternen came around the corner and I nearly had to gag at the stench coming off his body. “Ready to go, baby?” He beamed down at Alannah, and she nodded. “Bye Amy.” They waved and turned away, the cologne on him nearly burning the little
hairs inside my nose.
I had forgotten I was holding the box because of the stench and nearly spilled everything everywhere when I went to grab y nose.
“Bye.” He looked over his shoulder and laughed back at me and my disgusted face.
I just shook my head and headed back home. I grabbed some food and took the bo upstairs to my bedroom, locking myself in. I
went to the cabin for dinner and to see everyone before heading back.
“Why are you heading back to the house?” My mom crowded behind me after I got up from the table.
“I have a video chat with dad and Thoth, so I need the internet at the house. And I have paperwork that I need to sort through for
work.” 
“Okay.” She hovered for a minute, like she worried, but I closed the door behind me, shutting everything out until I had the call. I
needed to figure out what the heck was in this box of papers.
###Next D 423
Chapter 423 
I spent three hours sorting through the papers in the box. My mind was full of codes of line and the random scribbled ideas that
Rick had while building the security system. I groaned when my alarm went off. I was nowhere near done sorting through
everything and I had zero clue what I was even looking for.
I sat back on my heels and sighed. I jumped up from my bed and ran downstairs to grab a drink when there was a knock at the
door. I glanced at the time and saw I had three minutes to get back to my room for the call. The knock sounded again, louder,
impatient, and annoying. I sighed as I made my way to the front door. I opened it to see Brandon standing there with a basket of
food and flower.
“Hello…” I stood in the doorway as he took a step to come in. “Brandon, what are you doing here?”
He smiled and tried to shove the flowers into my hands. “Hey baby, I came for dinner. I brought everything for us to have a picnic
under the stars.” Something felt off.
I looked down at my watch and saw I was due upstairs in two minutes. “I told you today I had a call at nine and you wait until now
to come here?” I raised my eyebrow. “For dinner?”
His smile grew a little tighter. “I forgot you had a call later. Can’t you reschedule?”
I sighed and crossed my arms as I leaned against the door frame. “No, Brandon, I can’t reschedule. I’ve had this planned for
weeks now, and I can’t back out a minute before the call because my boyfriend wants to have dinner under the stars.” I looked at
him. “Plus, I already told you, everything is off until you can figure out what to do about Shannon. Everyone is still talking about
your mating ceremony in two weeks. Not ours. Yours.” I stepped back, but he jumped to the door frame. “Brandon.” I nearly
growled and lost my fucking mind. But I held back.
We can kill him in two weeks. Just hold it together. Megan’s tone was so dismissive, I nearly laughed.
“Amy please. I’m doing my best, it’s just going top take time.” He grabbed the door, trying to step into the house, and I caught a
scent I recognized, but couldn’t place. 
“I know you are, but I can’t allow your reputation to take another hit. I already explained it to your dad.” I grabbed the door and
held it so that he couldn’t get past me. I heard the distant call from my computer screen of an incoming call. “I appreciate the
picnic, but I have to go.”
“Wait!” He slammed his body into the door, crowding me and blocking my way from closing the door. “Can’t I come in? I want to
spend the night with you.” He leaned in to me and drew in a sniff. “You smelled fantastic today. Is that strawberry?” He tried to
kiss me and I gave him a light peck before the chime from my computer went off again.
I pushed him back out the door. “I have to go. And I already told you, I’m saving myself for our mating ceremony. So no, you can’t stay the night.” I grabbed the door as I looked across the street to see someone from the pack watching us. “Look at Mrs. Cleroux. She is watching us and definitely judging us.” Which was true, but she judged everyone. “Everyone is expecting you to mate Shannon now. And to keep your reputation, you should.” I looked sad. “She loves you.” He opened his mouth. “I love you too. And I love you enough to want you to be happy with your decision. You keep rushing to me, telling me you want to be with me. But
1/3
Chapter 423
+15 Bonus
have you actually considered it? If she is what makes you happy, then be with Shannon. I won’t get in the way. But if you want to
be with me, you have to make it very clear to Shannon without being cruel.”
“I understand.” He looked away.
“Do you? Because yet again here you are, rushing to convince me you want to be with me. But obviously, you haven’t spoken to Shannon since the pack still thinks you are together again.” I gestured to Mrs. Cleroux, who was still staring at us. “I don’t know why I have to keep repeating myself. I deserve respect.” I heard the video call chime again and now I was getting angry. “You keep acting like flowers, food, wine, or whatever else you have will solve everything, but it won’t. The only thing that will solve all of our issues is if you actually take the time and deal with your feelings. Shannon’s rumors, and figure out who you want to be with.
I refuse to share my mate. I refuse to be the other woman.” Then I slammed the door in his face and locked it.
###Next D 424
Chapter 424 
+15 Bonus
I went back to the stairs and hurried to my room. Then I jumped onto my bed, pulling my laptop onto my lap. I hit answer, then
next time the call rang through. The screen lit up with my father’s face, one I haven’t seen in years, and I felt the tears jump to
my eyes.
“Daddy.” I smiled. “I’ve missed you so much.” I wanted to be on the other side of the screen in his arms. I felt my breathing stop
for a second as his face broke in to a smile.
“I’ve missed you too, baby girl.” A black box jumped into the call. “Thoth. Happy you could join us.” He smirked.
A deep voice chuckled, but it was warped. “I was here exactly at nine, but someone was late.” I couldn’t see his face, but I knew he
was staring at me. “Why were you late?”
“Brandon.” All three of us growled.
“Why was he there?” Thoth questioned.
I rolled my eyes. “He came with flowers and a picnic. Said he wanted to ‘have dinner‘ when in reality all he wqanted to do was
keep me from this call.” I sighed as I sat back. I pulled my computer with me and put it on the lap table top I had.
“You told him we were having this call?” I snorted at Thoth’s accusation.
“I’m not stupid.” I shook my head and sighed. “Before I jump into everything. I need to really lay everything out.”
“Sure baby girl.” My dad got up and shut a door. Then I heard him cast a silence spell. Nothing I said was going to get out. I looked
at Thoth’s dark screen.
His voice came out warped and confusing to my ears. “I’m in the safe room you made me Gav.”
My dad nodded. “He’s in a safe space. No one will hear us. What about you?” He looked at me and I raise my brow.
“I’m talking to you, who’s supposed to be dead. I already made sure I was safe.” He snorted out a laugh.
“What’s on your mind, pup?” My father settled back into his chair like he always did when I needed to talk to him. The simple gesture made tears spring to my eyes.
“Goddess, I miss you, daddy.” My voice wavered and my dad looked away for a second.
“I miss you too, pretty girl. Soon.” He nodded and then gestured for me to continue.
I took a deep breath and then leveled him with a look. “I know Thoth is your friend, and I want to clarify this before I put my foot in my mouth. Thoth, I consider you a close friend, but since I have never seen you in person, I need to ask this.”
Thoth chuckled, and my lower belly clenched. Even with his voice being warped, it was enticing. “I understand.”
“Okay.” I turned back to my dad. “Do you trust Thoth? And I mean really trust him, because I have secrets I have to tell you. And
he’s obviously going to hear everything I’m about to say.”
1/3
Chapter 424
+15 Bonus
My dad paused, and I could see that he was thinking about it. Thoth cleared his throat and my dad smiled. “Yeah baby I do. I might not always like the man, but I trust him. He’s good.” His eyes shifted to my face. “What do you have to tell us?”
I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “How much do you know about mom’s family?”
My dad’s smile dropped away. “Enough.” He was defensive, but I waved him off.
“I wasn’t asking to get your back up. I honestly want to know.” I leaned into the screen. “It doesn’t matter.” I waved my hands.
My dad sighed. “Your mother talked about her mom at the cabin. I knew who her father was, his pack, but her mother’s line was
more elusive.” His eyes met mine. “Why?”
I smiled. “Because…I have two wolves.” There was silence for a moment.
“What are you talking about?” He sat up.
I scratched the back of my neck. “Well…”
“That’s impossible.” Thoth cut in. His disbelief was easy to hear.
“But it is.” I pushed the laptop back and angled it to the side of my bed. My father leaned in.
“What are you doing?” He tried to get closer, and I chuckled.
“This.” I shifted into Nix. Her black fur shifted to a dark blue in my light of my lamp.
“Hello.” Her voice was strong, filled with power. Her golden eyes flashed as she leaned into the camera. “I’ve missed you.”
My dad’s eyes flashed to Loki’s. “I have missed you, pup.”
She tilted her head, and then we shifted again. Our huge form shrinking into a normal sized wolf. Grey and brown fur shone in the
light. Grey eyes stared back at the screen. “Hello. I’m Megan.” Her voice was softer, but held the edge. “I’m Amy’s wolf and even
thought you never knew me. I loved and missed you, father.” Her voice held a bit of hope.
Loki stared back at her, and his eyes softened. “I have neglected you, pup. When I see you again, I will rectify that.” He retreated.
My father’s voice filled the screen. “Hello pup. If you’re Amy’s wolf, then who is Nix?”
Megan treated, and Nix came back. She shook her black fur and smiled as she stretched out. “I’m her Lycan.”
###Next D 425
Chapter 425 
“LYCAN!” My father shit to his feet and there was a thud that came from Thoth’s side. 1
Nix stood there in all her glory. “Did you not find it weird that I was almost twice the size of a normal wolf?”
My dad bent at his waist to look at the camera. “You are my pup. You are strong. I expected you to be big.” I shifted back to my
body. His eyes widened, and he pointed a finger. “How did I never notice you keep your clothes? What the hell.”
I laughed. “It’s a Lycan thing. It has nothing to do with power, or strength, like we were led to believe.” I sat back down and
pulled the laptop to my lap. My father dropped into the chair. “Are you okay?”
“Wait…” His eyes grew hazy for a minute. “You get your witch’s power from me, and your Lycan power from your mother?” His
eyes snapped to mine and I nodded. “Son of a biscuit. That’s why she never told me.”
“What, why?” I was confused.
My dad sat back. “The same reason my mom never told my dad that her line was the first family. He was obsessed with that stuff.
My grandmother had a dalliance with a wolf and had my father. But she raised him as a witch until her wolf showed up. But he
was a lone wolf, technically. My mom’s pack was Silvermoon. Her father commanded her to keep it a secret from my father, said
he was untrustworthy to know the truth. My grandmother agreed.” 1
“Really?” I leaned down and put my head on my fist. I glanced at Thoth’s black screen and realized I hated that I didn’t get to see
his face. “Why?”
“Because she said she saw something growing in my dad. Something she didn’t like. My mom was a cool woman, but she loved
me in her way. But my father he was something else.” He shook his head. “But it doesn’t matter.” He shook himself. “He’s dead.
Good riddance.”
I gave my father a sad smile. “Thankfully, you grew to be nothing like him.”
He smiled back at me. “My grandmother taught me how to love properly. You have her to thank for making me the loveable man
you know and love.” We both laughed.
Thoth finally spoke up. “You are a wolf, witch, and Lycan hybrid?”
I thought for a minute, then nodded. “But it is more than that.”
Thoth sighed. “How?”
I sat back. “So. My wolf is a direct descendant of the first family, and my witch’s line comes from the oldest in the area. Actually.” I closed my eyes and remembered the memory. “The first family of wolves was created by the son of the witch.”
“What?” My dad cut in.
“Grandma’s witches line is traced back to an ancient line that lived in the woods. There was a mother and a son. She raised him to take her place worshipping the three faced goddess. But he was attacked by my wolves, the animals protected by the moon
1/3
Chapter 425
+15 Bonus
goddess. The wolves confused him for another and attacked, nearly killing him. The witch prayed for her goddess to save him, but she refused. The moon goddess granted him the shift as a repayment. His life was saved, but forever changed. So our witch’s line,
and our wolfs line have been intertwined since the beginning. But my Lycan line…” My eyes snapped open. “Is descended from
the goddess herself.”
Thoth huffed out a breath. “All Lycans descended from the goddess.”
I nodded. “The first Lycan was bourne from her blood. But my family was bourne from her flesh.”
“That’s impossible.” Thoth cut in.
I lifted a brow. “Do you know how lycans came to be?”
“Yes…do you?” Thoth sounded skeptical. “The actual story, not the bullshit that was taught in school.”
“When the goddess was young, she saw a man in a mountain who was dying. But she was trapped in the night sky. He prayed to
the moon in the sky the last thing he could see, and she felt for him. She cut herself and allowed her blood to drip into his mouth,
transforming him. Her blood changed him into the first Lycan.”
“Yeah.” I heard him reposition himself. “That’s actually right. But where did you hear the story from?”
“The goddess.” I shrugged. “And she didn’t tell me. She showed me.” I sat back. “She told me later about how my line came to be.” I picked at my nail bed. “When the goddess was finally strong enough to leave the sky, she came down and fell in love with one descendant of the first Lycan. She became his wife, had his pups, and then he betrayed her with another Lycan. She retreated
to the sky and watched over her children. The ones she created and the ones she bore.”
###Next D 426
Chapter 426 
+15 Bonus
Thoth was silent, but my father looked like he might puke. “So you’re saying you have three powerful lines-”
“Yeah. Lycan, witch and wolf. My size, my aura, my power, all from the goddess herself.” I shrugged because I didn’t know what
else to do, then nodded.
“That actually makes sense.” Thoth finally broke his silence. “I’ve always wondered why you were so large in wolf form.”
I lifted a brow. “You’ve never seen me before.”
My dad chuckled. “Yeah, he has.” I looked at him and he shrugged. “I sent pictures.” He lifted a shoulder. “I’m proud of you, so I
boasted a little about how big Nix was. Thoth didn’t believe me.”
I shook my head. “Anyway, I only brought this up because of Brandon.”
“What?” Thoth sounded confused.
“Brandon was Megan’s mate. But she rejected him in the first year of college. But even with a broken bond, he can still scent me.”
“Wait a minute…how does he not already know?” Thoth asked. “And why did you reject him?”
I looked at my dad and he nodded. “Because. My father’s line has a gift.”
“A gift?”
I nodded. “We get a chance at another life.”
“What?”
“I’ve already lived until I was twenty–four. I mated Brandon in my last life, and I was about to have his pup when Shannon
convinced him I cheated. That the pup inside of me was someone else’s. So he chained me to a table and had the doctor cut our
pup from me with silver. My pup died on my chest, and then I bled out. When I woke back up, it was my eighteenth birthday, the
day I was going to scent him. I ran instead and my dad helped me awaken my power, and I found my second wolf. I became whole
enough to shift this time around.”
“You mated Brandon and had his pup…” Thoth sounded almost breathless.
“And I refuse to make the same mistake.”
“Do you have feelings for him?”
“Yes.”
Thoth grunted. “Seriously?”
I felt my eyes harden. “He killed my pup. I hate him. I’m going to do everything I can to take everything from him and then I’m
going to kill him. Slowly.”
1/4
Chapter 426
Thoth growled low. “While I find all of this interesting, why did you tell us?”
+15 Bonus
“Because it’s a part of my plan. My dad taught me how to change my scent, but I’ve already started to change it back slowly. He’s
already losing his mind a little. I’m going to shift it back more and more as we get closer to the mating ceremony.”
“Why would you do that?” My dad cut in.
“Because it throws him off. He’s already dealing with Shannon, spreading rumors about the two of them. The pack is noticing. So
while Vince and Brandon deal with that bullshit, I’ll be using the diversion to hack into their system and stealing all of their data.
I’ll be saving the kids that they have been draining. I’ll be moving Rick and his family out, Alannah and Ternen too before their
pup os found out.”
“Why are you moving these people?” My dad cut in again. Clearly confused.
“Alannah is an omega, as is her mate Ternen. They just found out that they were having a pup.”
“That’s great.” My dad smiled.
“Not here. Vince created a rule. Omega’s can’t have pups without permission. To get permission, they have to sleep with a ranked wolf. If they get pregnant from their mate before that, then the ranked wolves can abuse the female until they lose the child.”
Thoth growled, and there was a slam from his side. “Tell me you’re joking.”
“I wish I was.” I wiped my face. “They need out. Rick’s being poisoned. His child is being drained, his mate’s life is being
threatened.”
“Are you going to take them to the cabin?” Thoth asked.
I nodded. “Until everything is set up back at my dad’s pack.”
“You know we can’t go back until the rogues are found.” My dad sighed.
I felt stupid at that moment. “Um. Daddy…remember I love you.”
“What pup?”
“I found out where the rouges are…in my first year at school.”
My dad’s mouth dropped open. “What?”
Thoth sighed. “Why didn’t you tell either of us?”
“To be fair, I was dealing with a lot of bullshit. There was the issue with Nina and her sister. All the bullshit with Rowan. You died. Then I hit my heat.” I sighed. “I forgot okay.”
My father waved me off. “Where are they?”
“I’m not certain anymore, but Aurora had a base inside the dead caves with the rogues. Aurora, Amara, and her grandmother were working with the rogues. But there is something else.”
2/4
Chapter 426
“What?” My dad looked a little dazed.
“Verity is their sister.” My dad snapped his head up and I nodded.
“The she–wolf that’s engaged to the king?” Thoth questioned.
+15 Bonus
“Yeah.” I nodded again. “She is the oldest sister of Aurora and Amara. She’s using magic to keep her place by the king’s side.” I sighed. “I just don’t know how to save him.”
###Next D 427
Chapter 427 
“Save him?” Thoth’s voice was filled with confusion. “Why would you have to save him?”
I felt my face freeze for a second. “Because he is being controlled with magic, surrounded by people who want to see him dead,
and we don’t know who else is in on the plot.”
Thoth grunted and my dad looked a little flustered. “Gavin?”
I looked at my dad with a furrowed brow. “Dad?”
He coughed. “Yeah?”
Thoth sounded confused. “Why is Amy thinking she has to save the king? Why doesn’t she know everything?”
My dad scratched behind his ear. “Okay, so don’t get mad.” Oh hell. What did he do? “But I thought it better to leave her out of
it.”
“What did you just say?” Thoth growled. “Are you telling me she has no clue what the king has been doing? The letters? The
explanation? She received none of it.” He growled again. “These last years, she has been in the dark?”
My father sucked in a breath. “Yes.” Thoth smashed something and my father winced. “In my defence, there was a reason for it.”
“What’s that?” Thoth growled out, sending shivers down my spine. “What could possibly have come from keeping your daughter in the dark? How does that help us?”
“Well, she has focused on herself, her magic, and her wolves. She has grown her own pack and grown into a pretty fantastic wolf,
if I do say so myself.” He smiled at me.
“She would have done that, anyway.” Thoth growled out. “She is the most selfless and amazing wolf I have ever met, Gav. You have ruined everything.” Thoth sounded hurt, but his words made my stomach flutter. He really thinks that about me? The words
made my face burn, and I had to turn away from the screen.
My dad sighed. “I know you wanted her looped in, but I wanted her focused. And Rowan was a distraction. Even you were iffy, but she needed someone to help her.” I watched as my dad’s eyes hardened. “You might not like my choice, but it was my choice.”
Thoth grumbled. “I seriously hate you some days.”
My dad just smiled. “I know. But I had your guard save everything.” He turned to me. “Tomorrow drive back to the school. Go to the guard at the apartment building and say the word ‘Tanka‘. He will hand over everything.”
“Everything?” I leaned over. “What have you been keeping from me?” I felt my stomach quiver a bit.
Thoth snorted. “Everything.”
I looked between the dark screen and my father’s face, who looked a little guilty. “Why do I feel like there is a lot more to the story?”
1/3
Chapter 427
+15 Bonus
“Because there is.” Thoth sighed. “But it doesn’t matter. What’s done is done. Everything is already completely fucked now, anyway. You knowing now isn’t going to change a fucking thing.” Thoth was pissed. We could both hear it in his voice. What the hell did my dad keep from me?
My father winced. “I did what I thought was best for you.”
I sighed. “I’m an adult daddy. I can make that decision myself.” I shook my head. “But we got off topic.” I rubbed at my face. “I’ll
go grab everything tomorrow and then we will have another call to go over everything. But right this second. Let’s jump back to
the rogues. They are obviously being controlled by the twins, and by extension Verity. Which brings me to the next topic. Verity
was here.”
“What do you mean?” Thoth sounded confused. “How is that even possible?”
“What do you mean? What do I mean?” I shot back. “She was here. I saw her before she took off. And then when Vince called her
to knock me out, she told him she was already with ‘The Brotherhood of Bloodshed‘, whoever they are. But they seem to be the
ones in charge.”
My dad looked off to the side. “Are you sure they called themselves that?”
I nodded. “Completely sure.” I rolled my neck back. “I heard it a few times, and Brandon kept groaning about the brotherhood.” I
leaned against my headboard.
“Wait, let’s jump back for a second. When and where did you see Verity?” Thoth interrupted.
“In the forest around Vince’s pack. I ran here from the airport, so I’m honestly not one hundred percent where I was in the wood. But apparently she has this place locked down with draining traps.” I rubbed my eyes. I was tired. “The day I sent mom to the
cabin…so like six days I think, maybe seven days ago.” 
Thoth hummed. “Are you sure?”
“About how many days ago, no. But between five and seven, for sure. About seeing Verity, yes. I am one hundred percent sure. She was flirting with Rick, which was pretty fucking gross, if you ask me.”
My dad snorted. “Why are you asking about Verity?”
“Because I have someone following her, and she reported to her with the king.”
“Then she was lying.” I cut in.
###Next D 428
Chapter 428 
Thoth was silent for a minute, then he groaned. “Fuck.”
My dad’s eyes tightened. “Was the one you have following Verity someone close?”
Thoth snorted. “I thought so.” He scoffed. “But I guess I was fucking wrong.”
My dad leaned on his desk, closer to the screen. “Did you give her the necklace?” He tried to sound aloof, but I could tell he was
concerned by the way his forehead crinkled.
“No.” Thoth sighed. “I don’t trust anyone enough to give them the necklace.” I heard him crack his knuckles. I could almost
picture him, but his face eluded me.
My dad raised his eyebrows. “Really?”
Thoth chuckled. “Sadly Gav, I only have you and Amy.” He sighed. “That’s a little sad,
isn’t it?”
My dad smiled. “You have more than us. You just aren’t sure who is on your side.”
“That’s the fucking point, Gav.” There was another smashing sound from his side. “How are we supposed to be sure, when we
have people we are supposed to trust turning on us?”
I watched the two carry on and felt like I was missing something. “Why do I feel like I am out of the loop?” I looked between the
screens. “Obviously, I know I am, but something is going on between you two.” 
My dad scratched the back of his head and chuckled. “Old friend’s baby. That’s all. Anyway, get back to your story. What the hell happened to you? And how the hell did you end up in a cell?”
I groaned in frustration. “Let me just tell the whole thing.”
“Okay.” My dad waved his hands at me. “I promise not to interrupt.”
Thoth sighed. “I’ll stay silent.”
“Okay, so the day that mom got her divorce.”
“DIVORCE.” My dad yelled.
I leveled him with a look, and he raised his hands. “Sorry.” But I could tell he was ecstatic about the information.
“Yes, mom got a divorce.” I looked at him and raised an eyebrow, and he winced and then nodded. “As I double checked with Rick before the divorce, he told me to go for a run. Really emphasized taking the time to connect with the trees.”
“He needed you in the woods.” Thoth cut in, but I just nodded.
“I made a deal of driving my mom to the airport.”
My dad furrowed his brows. “You said she went to the cabin.” I just turned to glare at him. “Sorry.”
1/3
Chapter 428
I laughed. “I created a connection from the cabin to my closet here.”
“What?” Both men asked this time.
+15 Bonus
I sighed and just dropped my head into my hands. “I swear I will answer any questions you might have, but I’ll never get through
this if you both keep interrupting me.”
My dad sighed. “Give me a second, then.”
“What? Why?” My dad started opening drawers, and then I heard Thoth do the same. “What are you doing?”
“Getting a fucking paper and pen, cause I know I’m going to have a ton of questions.” My dad slapped a notepad on the desk and clicked a pen. “Okay go.”
“Okay.” I sighed. “I sent mom through my connection in my closet. But I used my magic to make a copy, and I drove her through
the pack to the airport. I sent the jet on a trip to the other coast, so it looked like she was going to Toya’s old pack. Then I shifted
and ran back home.”
“I-” I snapped my eyes to Thoth, and I heard a whispered sorry and some scribbling.
“I just hit the edge of the pack lands when I felt something shift. Something felt off, and we ran towards it.” I could feel their eyes
on me, like an almost physical feeling, but I closed my eyes to remember. “I crouched down and slipped through a bush and I saw
them. Vince, Morgan, Brandon, Rick and Verity. They had a little body, and they were trying to drain him, but I had gone to his
house the Friday before and gave him enough strength to last another week.”
“What the fuck?” Thoth whispered, but I ignored him.
“Vince was pissed because Verity had said the kids were ready to harvest, but they weren’t. Not anymore. Rick was prancing
around, flirting with her, talking about how he was ready for this to be over.“.
“What to be over?” My dad couldn’t help it and I just smiled.
“Vince told them that if you drain your own child, it will not only give the man the power from his child but also the mother. It’s why Morgan wanted mom to have his pup, and why I can only assume Brandon was so pissed in my last life when he thought the pup wasn’t his.” I opened my eyes. “They are harvesting powerful females for more power. They said they needed it so that when
they killed the king, they had enough power to become the next one.”
###Next D 429
Chapter 429 
I opened my eyes to see my dad scribbling more notes. But his face was pale. He looked up and saw me watching. “Are you sure?”
I nodded. “I’m sure.” I leaned forward. “Verity and Rick kissed and then she took off. The guys were talking, and I stood. I figured
I had the upper hand and I had seen everything I needed to see. But somehow, even with Nix, Megan, and my magic, Rick caught
me.”
“How?” Thoth jumped in and this time I threw my head back and laughed.
“You two can’t stay quiet, can you?” I wiped my eye from laughing so hard. “It’s comical.”
My dad blushed. “I want to defend myself, but I can’t say anything.”
Thoth sighed. “It’s the first time I have gotten to speak with you. I’m a little…excited.” He snorted as my dad glared at the other
side of the screen. I could hear the smile when Thoth spoke next. “She’s a beautiful woman, Gav. Any man will be lucky to call her
a mate, goddess given or chosen.”
Even I could hear the interest in his voice, and I blushed, but my father just growled. “You keep your paws to yourself.”
“Anyway.” I cut in. “Vince and then rest caught up, and he called Verity to knock me out. He wanted her to force me to shift so he
could…” I just looked down at my hands.
“Please tell me he didn’t.” Thoth’s voice dropped to a deadly threat. Even with the voice warping, I could hear it.
“Baby.” My father was calm, but I could see the twitch in his eye. “Did he?”
I shook my head. “I stayed shifted. Verity told him she could only put me into a light sleep from where she was. Apparently, she
had already made it to the car with the ‘brotherhood‘, so she knocked me out. I woke up on the way to the jail, but I pretended to
stay asleep because I needed to figure out if Rick really was with them. I had told him my secret. I had already taken his mate, pup,
and him to the cabin and I showed them Carly.”
“The shaman?” My dad asked. “How is she holding up? I heard Carl was dead?”
I just nodded. “She is doing okay. I let Carl see her every so often.” 
“Wait, you just said he was dead.” Thoth sounded a little breathless. “How are you letting a dead man see his kid?”
I just looked at his screen and pretended it was his face. “Magic.”
My dad snorted. “A new power, because it wasn’t a thing for me. It started with my grandmother, and now it apparently extends
to Carl.”
I winked at him. “The goddess has given me a bit of leeway.” I waved my hand again. “Anyway, back to Rick. He has a corrupted
rune burned into his neck.” I yawned, the day catching up to me. “I was confused about it until I realized Verity, or her sisters, all
laid draining traps all over Vince’s woods. Anyone that runs in there will lose their strength. It pulled my power in, too. And funneled it all into Rick. Making him faster and stronger until the power transfer was completed.”
1/3
Chapter 429
My dad furrowed his brow. “Why would Vince give it all to Rick?”
+15 Bonus
“Because it’s killing him.” My answer was soft. “He can’t control the transfer and when he’s done using the power, the extra is
purged from his system, so he can’t use it against Vince.”
“I thought you said they were working together?” A sound from Thoth’s side had us all silenced. Then there was movement
before he dropped out of the call.
I looked at my dad and he held up a finger. “Give him a minute. He is in a room that I charmed. If anyone tries to get in, it lights
up. He dropped the call to make sure no one would hear or see us.” 
I nodded. “Who is he?”
My dad smiled. “That’s not me to say. Why do you want to know?”
I looked away. “I-”
My dad’s eyes narrowed at me. “You like him, don’t you?”
I snapped my eyes to his. “I…” I groaned. “It’s stupid.”
My dad smiled. “What is pumpkin?” He was goading me. I groaned, and I covered my face with my hands.
I shook my head. “OKAY LISTEN.” I yelled and then hit my head against the wall. “After everything I went through with Brandon,
finding a man I liked was the last thing on my mind. But then I met Rowan, and I had thought…” I looked off to the side. “I
thought maybe, you know. Even when I knew it was impossible, he’s the king for goddess‘ sake. But I felt it in here.” I hit my
chest, and I watched my dad’s eye turn sad.
“You really liked him?” His question caught me off guard.
###Next D 430
Chapter 430 
+15 Bonus
I sat for a second, staring off to the side. “No, daddy I didn’t like him. I loved him, as stupid and reckless as it was. I was stupid enough to fall in love with him.” I looked back and I felt the tear, so I quickly swatted it away. “But he was always honest with me.
If it was his choice…he would have chosen me. But he had to work with his wolf, who was in love with someone else.”
My father growled. “He’s a dumbass.”
“Not really.” He looked at me. “His wolf was in love with Nix, but we were both too stupid to realize it. Our wolves were in love
and so were we. But there was never any crossover, so we didn’t know.” I rubbed my forehead. “And when I was forced into a
heat, he refused to help.”
My dad was silent. “Rowan is saving himself for his mate.”
I nodded. “He is.”
My dad then growled. “He could have helped you.” 
I sighed. “I thought that too at the time.” I wiped away another tear. “I hated him for a ling time because it was just that simple.
He could have helped me.” I turned to look at my dad. “But if you were an honest man, one I know you are. If you were in love
with the wolf that was in heat in front of you. And she was throwing herself at you. Would you have been able to resist?”
My dad met my eyes, and I saw he was considering it. “So say if you mom wasn’t my fated mate, just a wolf I loved, and she was in her first heat, begging me to help. Are you asking me if I could have held back?” I nodded. He considered it for a second. “Not a
fucking chance.”
I nodded. “It took me a while, but I came to the same conclusion. I was everything he said he wanted in a mate. I just wasn’t his mate. And I was begging him to help me.” I dropped my head into his hands. “And if he would have helped me, I know deep in my heart, eventually, if I ever met my fated. I would regret it, and him. And I would have resented him.”
My dad whistled. “That is a lot to think about.”
I nodded. “And he did it in a second. He tore himself away and stayed away.” I sighed but looked at him, realizing Thoth had
joined back when I wasn’t paying attention. “Rowan saved me that day, and I hated him for it, but I understand it now. I just wish I could help him now.” Then I turned to my dad. “And to your original question…yeah I do. But does it even matter?” I sighed.
“What are you two talking about?” Thoth’s voice cut through my pity fest.
“It doesn’t matter.” I smiled. “Just wishful thinking.”
My dad put his head in his hands but stayed silent. Thoth coughed once. “Sorry about that. But you were being taken to a cell.”
I nodded. “Yeah, they tossed me in, and I had to rebuild my power, so I used it to gather information.”
“What did you learn?” Thoth asked after my dad stayed silent as he stared at me with sad eyes.
“Not much. Rick woke up one day with the brand, Vince’s way of controlling him after he tried to turn him against my dad, but
1/3
Chapter 430
+15 Bonus
failed. He was still going to let himself die, but then Vince infected his daughter. Rick wasn’t the bad guy. And he gave me a plan to get out. I just had to wait until Vince became too obsessed with me.”
“How did he not recognize you?” Thoth asked and then he knocked on his desk. “You were running as your wolf and not Nix, weren’t you?”
“Bingo.” I smiled. “Vince, for some reason, loved Megan.” A growled came from my lips and I chuckled. “A fact she doesn’t like
one bit.” I shook my head. “Brandon came in to taunt me the last day. He thought he could scare me, but I never found him to be a
threat. Not even when I couldn’t shift.”
“You couldn’t shift?” Thoth questioned. “When?”
“In my first life. I never shifted. I didn’t even know I had Megan.”
His voice was soft. “That must have been hard.”
I laughed. “Being a luna who couldn’t shift was. But I’m not that woman anymore.” I turned to my dad, who was still staring at me. “Why are you so quiet?”
My dad stared at me for another minute and sighed. “I’m just thinking.”
“About what?” I tilted my head.
“That I might have messed up.” He straightened when I just lifted my brow.
“Why do you say that?”
He countered me with a question. “Why do you say you and Rowan weren’t mates?”
I froze. “Because we weren’t.”
My dad leveled me with a look. “Baby girl…you have kept you true scent hidden since you were eighteen, and he has since he was
a child.”
###Next D 431
Chapter 431 
+15 Bonus 
My mom found me in front of my computer hours later. “Baby?” I don’t even remember how the call ended, just that it did pretty
quickly after my father dropped the bomb that shattered me. “Babe?” The black screen of the computer was taunting me. The
screen was calm, still and silent, but my insides were going insane. I wish my father had kept his mouth shut.
Why? Nix’s voice was soft, but confused.
You have kept your scent hidden and so has he…
I closed my eyes as I thought back to all the times he said I smelled wrong. How he never smelled like anything. He explained it.
I’m sure he had. What the hell was going on? How do I keep forgetting things about him? About myself? How had I forgotten to
tell my father about the rogues?
“Baby!” My mother grabbed me by my shoulders, jolting me from my turbulent thoughts. I felt like I was swimming underwater
with everything. She watched me with wide eyes. “Baby, are you okay? What are you doing?” She looked at the black screen and
her brows furrowed. She turned back. “Why are you just sitting here?”
I blinked at her, not understanding her questions. My entire world had been shaken. How could she not see it?
Does his words matter that much? Megan sighed. It’s not like we can go back and changed anything.
“Amy, talk to me.” My mom grabbed my face and bent down to stare into my eyes. “Please.” My eyes finally met hers and I could
feel the tears jump to my eyes. “What’s wrong, baby girl?”
“Have you ever been told something that shatters your entire outlook on a situation but it changes nothing?” My words were
soft, but they held so much emotion.
My mother laughed softly. “Are you serious?”
I nodded. “Yeah.”
My mom squeezed my cheek. “Baby, I thought my mate had cheated on me, and I turned my back on our bond. Only for my daughter to tell me almost twenty years later that he hadn’t cheated. He had used magic on me and I had been the one to betray our bond.” I watched a tear fall down her face. “So yeah baby I do.”
I watched her for another minute. “Sorry.” She just winked at me.
“Like you said, I can’t change anything, and your father has forgiven me. I’ve spent the last few years forgiving myself.” She slid into my bed. “Now why don’t you tell me what is going on in that brain of yours?”
I sighed as I leaned back against the headboard of my bed. “Rowan.”
My mom’s face crumpled in confusion. “Rowan the king?” I nodded. “What about him?”
“Did you know he hides his scent?” Such an innocent question that was hiding my feelings.
1/3
Chapter 431
+15 Bonus 
“Yeah baby, everyone does. He’s a Lycan male. The stronger they are, the earlier they have to hide their scent around wolves.” It
all sounded so familiar, but still so foreign to me.
“Why though?”
“Because as an unmated Lycan male, his scent contains a hormone that would drive unmated female wolves insane. They would
throw themselves at him.” I lifted my brow, and she chuckled. “More than they already do.”
“So, how is he ever supposed to find his mate?” I threw up my hands.
My mom smiled. “He has to be selective. What he is supposed to do is wait until he scents his mate, then he releases his scent
when they are alone to confirm the bond. Once mated, the hormone will disappear and he can walk around with his scent free for
his mate to enjoy. All Lycan males are taught it. Especially the strong ones.” She grabbed my hand. “Why are you asking?”
“Because I fell like I’ve heard this before, but any time I think about it, the thought disappears.” My mom nodded like it was
normal.
“Yeah baby, that’s the goddess for you.” She chuckled. “As a female, we have it easier, but the men were chased relentlessly. So
the goddess made it that way.” My mom shrugged. “Once you’re mated, it becomes cemented in your mind, but this way you
don’t focus on it.”
“So it’s not magic making me forget this?” My mom shook her head. “This is stupid.”
She laughed. “You say that, but if you ever have a son, you will soon see the importance of it.”
“How do you figure?”
“You don’t understand, baby. I watched young men be chased down the street by seasoned wolves when their scent came in.
Some were physically harmed.” She shook her head. “Before the goddess fixed it, male lycans were held captive by females
wolves.” 
“Really?” I felt my stomach drop.
She nodded. “It was bad, and this was the only way to help them. The goddess makes it fade in everyone’s minds. That way you
just accept that they have no scent, and you move on. Or if you smell their scent, and you aren’t their mate. If they get away from you, then their scent fades from your mind, like you had never smelled him before.”
D
Comments
Support
Share
###Next D 432
Chapter 432
“Oh, okay.” I sighed. “So there is a chance I have already smelled his scent, but my mind has forgotten it.” I nodded. “That must
be it, then.”
My mom tilted her head her at me. “What are you talking about?”
I hit the back of my head off the wall a few times before I groaned. “Your mate said something that had me questioning
everything.”
My mom snorted. “He tends to do that. But what did he say this time?”
“That Rowan has been hiding his scent since he was a kid.” She nodded.
“Okay…” She stared at me, as if waiting for the explanation. As if that didn’t explain everything.
“I was in love with him, but he wasn’t my mate so we didn’t get together, mom.” I sighed.
She nodded, but was still clearly confused. “Okay?” She watched me for a second and I groaned. “Baby, I don’t know what you are
saying. Yes, I just said he has to hide his scent.” She twirled her hands. “Why does it matter? You said you weren’t mates.”
I nodded. “He must have released his scent, and I just forgot it.”
My mom narrowed her eyes. “Why do you sound like you are trying to convince yourself more, then you are me?” My mom grabbed my hand again. “Talk me through it because I am obviously missing something. What brought this up, anyway?”
“We were talking about Thoth while he was gone.” My mom nodded.
“Your computer friend?”
“Yeah.”
“Why was your father asking about Thoth?”
“Because I like him.” I covered my face with my hands and groaned. “And after Brandon, and then mess with Rowan.”
“Mess with Rowan?” My mom was confused. “What mess with Rowan?”
I groaned again. “At school.” I wiped my face again. “I fell in love with Rowan in my first year of school. And he felt the same, but
we weren’t each other’s mates, and then we cut ties so we could focus on everything.” I waved my hands. “So I refused to care
about another man, and then Thoth kind of wormed his way in. I don’t even know how.”
My mom smiled. “Probably because he wasn’t real.”
I snapped my head up. “What?”
My mom pointed at the screen. “He was a name on the screen. And at first, you said you didn’t even know he was a he?” I nodded.
“See, so you spent over a year thinking Thoth was a girl, getting to know her and becoming friends, only to find out he was a
1/3
Chapter 432
+15 Bonus
man.” She shook her head. “I don’t understand it, but he was probably the only one to listen to you and not judge.” She waved me
off before I could defend my friends. “I know you had the girls, but it’s different. Because even though they support you one hundred percent, they still judge you. Thoth was just a name on a screen, and even if he was judging you, unless he typed it out, you would never have known. He became your safe space to vent, work out problems, and just be yourself. You didn’t have to be
an alpha, or a leader. You could be weak with him because it didn’t matter.”
“Until it did.” I finished for her and she nodded.
“That’s what a mate is like. Total acceptance.” She sighed. “But I went off on a tangent. So you were talking about Thoth, and?”
“And then we shifted to Rowan and what happened between us.” My mom leaned in. I huffed out a breath. “Brandon got me with
the kudzu and I went into heat. I begged him to help me, but he refused.”
My mom nodded. “Lycan’s are huge on fated mates, and saving themselves for their bond.” I nodded. “He didn’t offer to ease the
pain?”
I shook my head. “He loved me, he said so himself. I don’t think he trusted himself with me.”
She nodded. “Makes sense. If he had a bond with you, it would have made the earning to seal the bond worse.” I must have looked
confused, because she continued. “Lycans, unlike wolves, will form bonds. You must have felt them already. Our lycans can go
over to another’s mind.”
I felt my mouth drop open. “I thought that was normal.” My mom shook her head.
“It’s the bonds we create with people. Pack bonds, friends, lovers become physical bridges we can send messages to each other.
Once the bond is there, a wolf can learn to use it, but Lycan’s are the only ones that can build the bridge. That’s why wolves use
mind linking.”
“Are you serious?” My mom nodded and laughed.
“So his Lycan was probably fighting the need to seal the bond, and he ran away to protect your virtue. But why does it matter?
You said you weren’t mates.”
I nodded. “You are missing the same thing I did until daddy pointed it out to me.”
“What?”
“Because of Brandon, I’ve kept my scent hidden. And so has Rowan.”
My mom blinked her eyes. “Wait. So you two have never scented each other?”
###Next D 433
Chapter 433 
+15 Bonus
I shook my head, but then waved my hands. “It’s impossible though.” I forced a laugh. “I’m not a queen…” I looked away from
her. “And we must have scented each other properly at least once. Like you said, I probably just forgot.”
“Well, what did Rowan say whenever he scented you?” She looked at her hand. “When he smelled you and assumed your scent
was real?”
“He always said that I smelled wrong. Same with Erubus when ever he scented Nix.”
My mom sucked in a breath through her teeth. “I want to lie to you to make yourself feel better, but if he thought your scent was
wrong, or if you never smelled like his mate, he would have never released his scent to you, baby.”
I watched her for a minute. “So you’re saying we don’t actually know if we are mates or not?” She shook her head slowly. “You
are saying there is a tiny fucking chance that I am mated to Rowan? Who’s engaged to a witch?”
“Amy!” my mom admonished me, but I waved my hands.
“I’m not calling her a name mom, she’s an actual witch.” I closed my eyes. “Please tell me you are wrong.”
My mom sighed. “I wish I could, baby. But I would never lie to you. There is a chance, but maybe you were both right the first time
around. But why is it bothering you so much?”
I opened my mouth to answer, but I couldn’t answer. My eyes danced back and forth, but I just raised my shoulder.
You know the answer, Amy. Just be honest with yourself. Nix nudged me.
Just sit with it for a minute and allow yourself to think about how you feel. Megan offered.
I sighed and closed my eyes tight as I sat with it. The waves of everything coming at me on all sides. I felt like I was drowning. “I feel like I can barely keep my head above the water right now. I’m struggling with the weight of it all and I am trying to be upbeat and act like I have it all under control, but I don’t. Everything with Rowan nearly killed me.” I felt myself crumple. I dropped my head back into my hands and my shoulders shook.
“Baby.” My mom tried to comfort me, but I held up my hand.
“I think I need to say it all.” I sat back. “It took me a long time to understand what he was doing, and why. But it nearly killed me. And I have just gotten back on my feet only to realize that I have feelings for my friend. I am trying to save families, kids, friends. I am trying to take down Vince, Brandon, and the brotherhood. And now…” I shook my head. “Now I have to figure out everything AND this.” I looked up at my mom. “I…”
“What is it?” 
I want to be truthful, if only to myself. “I’m terrified.”
My mom squeezed my hand. “Why?”
1/3
Chapter 433
“Because. What if he’s my mate?”
She smiled. “Then he’s your mate.” It was just that simple to her.
+15 Bonus 
I shook my head. “He’s my mate that\s ripped my heart out, even if he was protecting me. He’s the man I can’t even look at because he is with her.”
“All that won’t matter, baby.” She grabbed my hand.
I sighed. “But what if he is my mate and I can’t forgive him?” I looked at her. “What is the peace I feel now towards him is just something I made up in my mind and as soon as I see him again, all the pain and hurt I felt comes rushing back?” I wiped away a
tear. 
“Baby, I’m telling you, it won’t matter.”
I wanted to yell at her. “You aren’t understanding me.”
She shook her head. “You aren’t understanding me.” She countered, and I growled, which she just laughed at.
“What if I can’t love him, mom?” My stomach was this ball of panic. It rolled, and I wanted to puke.
“What?” She laughed.
“That’s my fear. What if he is my goddess given mate, and after everything we did to each other? After all the pain, and hurt, and
bullshit, all I am going to feel towards him is anger, or hatred…or nothing.”
My mom grabbed my face. “Being someone’s mate isn’t easy. But you are over thinking it. Do you remember when you found out Brandon was your mate in your last life?”
“Yes, why?”
“I need you to really think about it. You hated Brandon. Your entire childhood, throughout school, yet you mated him.” She looked at me. “Why do you think that is?”
“At the time? Because I knew I was meant to be with him and nothing mattered before we were mated, only after.”
She nodded. “Exactly.” She poked me. “All this bull won’t matter. As the goddess tells us, what happened before the mate bond snaps in place fades away, because we are beholden to no one until our mate.” She kissed me. “You are over thinking again.”
###Next D 434
Chapter 434
+15 Bonus
I just sighed. She was right. “Fine. You’re right.” I shut my laptop and stretched my neck. “What time is it, anyway?”
“Way past your bedtime.” She looked at the clock. “You have three hours to sleep before you have to go to work.” I groaned.
“I’m not going in tomorrow. I’m going to call in.”
“What. Why?” My mom stood and grabbed my laptop and slid it on to my dresser.
“Because.” I groaned as I stood. “I have to go to the university to grab something.” I stretched out my back from hunching over
the laptop and rubbed my neck.
“What do you have to grab?” My mom was heading to the cabin, and I grabbed my laptop to follow. I turned off the lights and
sealed the door behind me, so even if someone found a way into my house, they couldn’t follow us to the cabin.
“Apparently letters.”
My mom turned to look back at me from my door. “Letters? From who?”
I lifted my shoulder. “Rowan… I think.” My mom lifted her brow, but I shrugged. “Thoth said something about the letters, and
daddy said he decided for me.” I sighed as I slid into my bed. “I guess I’ll find out tomorrow.” I pulled my phone out and
messaged Rick.
Amy- Hey, I’m not feeling the greatest, and I have to run back to the university. I won’t be coming in this morning.
Then I plugged my laptop in and my cell phone. My mom, ever the mom, came and kissed me goodnight. Then I was already drifting to sleep as she shut the door.
I felt like I had just closed my eyes when my alarm went off. I groaned as I rolled over and shut it off. “Seriously?” I slammed my head against the pillow as I saw the light on my phone. I cracked an eye as I clicked on the notification. Three texts.
I sighed as I heard everyone dawn stairs already moving. “Fuck.” I clicked the first message.
Rick–Take your time, but since you have them, once you are free, continue with the box of doom. I need all those notes
organized. Thanks.
I couldn’t even take a day off. I wanted to roll over and go back to sleep, but I knew I couldn’t. I groaned as I noticed the next text.
Brandon was next.
Brandon- Good morning, baby. I can’t wait to see you today. I’ll meet you at your office and we can have breakfast together.
Fuck that. Just another reason to stay home. I deleted that message before I stretched, then I got out of the bed. I walked to the
bathroom as I clicked on the last message. That was from a number I didn’t recognize. I clicked on it as I stripped, and I turned on
the water.
Unknown- Amy, I know you are probably spiraling about everything that we discussed last night.
1/3
Chapter 434
+15 Bonus
I furrowed my brow and then realized once my brain kicked in that the number was obviously Thoth. I could see that he had a countdown in the corner, like Rick did when he sent me a message that deleted itself.
Oh crap.
Thoth- I need you to know that you don’t have to. Whatever happens, or whatever is decided. I will always be your friend. I will always be in your life.
The message disappeared right as I finished it.
But a new one came through right as I was about to put it down.
Thoth- But I’m going to be frank, read the letters. I hope you understand my frustration.
Then that message was gone too. I sighed as I tossed my phone onto the counter, and then I stepped into the shower. Hopefully,
this would wake me up. I washed up and stepped out to find Carly waiting for me on the end of my bed. Her little pigtails were lopsided, and she smiled when I walked in.
“Good morning!” She ran to me and hugged me. “I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you too, baby girl.” I hugged her close. “I have to go for a run, but when I get back, did you want to help me?”
She looked up at me with wide eyes. “With what?”
“Paperwork.” I frowned. “But I’d rather do it with you and spend time with you. You don’t even have to help. You can color or
something.”
Carly jumped up and down. “No, I want to help.” She squealed.
“It’s just a box of papers, Car.” I laughed as she did a little dance.
“Yeah, but I get to spend time with you. And I know you won’t tell me anything about why you were gone, but I saw.” The words hit me like a sledgehammer. “I saw you in the jail cell. You were hurt and cold, but you were strong.” She came over to me, this little girl. “I’m seven now…you don’t have to keep things from me.”
###Next D 435
Chapter 435
childhood.
Her words caught me by surprise. Not because they were true, but because she felt they were. “Oh, baby.” I cupped her face. “Just because you are a shaman, and you see more than you should, doesn’t mean I have to add any more on to ruin You are a kid, and I want you to stay that way until you are older.”
She pouted. “But why?”
your
I crouched down so I could be level with her. “Being old isn’t what it’s cracked up to be. We have bills and responsibilities. But most of all, we worry. We worry about what going to happen, what our actions will do, and what we can’t help. That’s not fun.” I tugged on her pigtails. “I want you to be a kid. When all of this is over, you are going to be going to school with the other kids. You will get to play, and just grow up at your own pace. Don’t rush it, okay?”
She watched me for a minute and then nodded. “Okay.”
I smiled and kissed her head. “Good.” I stood up and walked out of the room. Carly caught up to me and slipped her tiny hand into mine, and we ended up walking down the stairs with each other. “Okay, I’ll be back in a little while and then we will get started on
the box of paperwork.”
“Are you looking for something?” Her voice was soft, but eager.
“I don’t honestly know. Maybe?” I chuckled as she looked at me with her tiny pinched brows. “I guess we will find out together.”
I winked at her and then stopped with Toya and Wendy. “Hey.”
“Hey.” Toya smiled as she washed the dishes. “How are you feeling?”
“Yeah, your mom caught us up.” Wendy came over and rubbed my back. “It’s a lot.”
I huffed out a breath. “Yeah.” I shook my head. “But I have bigger things to focus on.” I leaned in to Wendy. “Today when I come back, I have to work on paperwork, and Carly is going to help. But when she goes to bed, I want to talk about the plan.”
“Plan?” Toya perked up. “Are we moving on soon?”
I nodded. “We are.” I sighed. “But I want to talk to my dad first.”
Wendy nodded. “Makes sense.” She turned away, but then looked at me over my shoulder. “Where are you going?”
“Back to the apartment building.” I walked to the door. “My father…he used magic to keep stuff from me. Said it was for the
best.”
Toya scoffed. “All dads think they know best, but mostly they are just too afraid of their kids growing up.”
I rolled
my eyes, “That sounds…exactly right.” I huffed out another laugh and then I headed to the back door. “I’m just going to
run there and back.” My two friends nodded. “Tell my mom when she comes down to where I went.”
Toya smirked. “She’s been up. She’s outside right now, texting your father.” Toya wiggled her eyes brows, and I wanted to vomit.
1/3
“Gross.” My best friends laughed as I walked outside to see my mother in shorts and a t–shirt with her phone in her hands. She
looked like any normal twenty something year old woman, and not the fifty something she actually was. A smirk hit her lips, and
I grimaced. “Mom, ew.”
Her head snapped up, and she blushed as she slid her phone on to the table. “Baby. I didn’t hear you.” The tips of her ears turned
pink as she looked away.
I laughed. “Do you hear yourself? You are a wolf who didn’t hear me coming. Tell daddy I said hi.” I shook my head as I looked
down at her.
Her ears turned a brighter red. “Oh shush. He just said something…funny.” She couldn’t even meet my eyes.
I held up my hand. “I cam honestly say. I do not want to know.” She laughed as I pushed away at her. Her face was alight in a way
I hadn’t seen in years. “You look happy.” Her face stilled for a moment.
Then she smiled bigger than before. “I am happy.” She looked down at the table and touched her phone. “Soon I’ll be able to see
my mate again. And we can get back to the life the goddess has given to us.” She sat back, then looked at me. “I spent so many
years hurt and angry that he betrayed us. But sitting here knowing I was the one that did and he is still willing to accept me puts
things into perspective a bit.”
“What do you mean?”
“I will never say stay in an abusive or hurtful relationship, but I will say this. Forgiveness, whether it is for the other person, or
just for yourself, is more important than holding on to the pain and anger.” Her eyes were soft. “Even if you never mate with
Rowan, forgiving him…and yourself costs nothing and will save you so much wasted time.”
###Next D 436
Chapter 436
I stared at her for a minute before I nodded and left. I shifted into Megan for the first leg, just in case someone was out in the
trees. I didn’t want anyone knowing that I came from this direction. Once Megan ran more than halfway, we dove under a bush
and waited.
There was no sound, and neither my wolves nor my magic could sense anyone in the trees. I shifted to Nix, happy for her to
stretch her legs.
You know, when we first found each other, I thought I would be happy just to be included. To be heard this time around. But being able to shift, to run, even for a small time has become such an amazing feeling. Megan’s voice held so love it hurt my heart.
Megan, I’m sorry we never had this last time.
Megan snuggled up close to me. I’m not saying this to guilt you. Even Nix couldn’t shift last time. But I wanted you to know how much I appreciate you. And all the effort you have made to not only include me, but Nix more into your life. We have been truly
blessed to have you to share our lives with.
Thank you. I wrapped my arms around her and looked back out, only to realize that Nix was already nearing the apartment.
Goddess, you’re fast.
She snorted. While you two were hugging it out, I was focused. I want to see these letters. She ran the rest of the way to the front
sliding door. I saw Sterling sitting at the desk and I shifted back. I walked in and he jumped up.
“Amy!” He ran over and gave me a hug. “How have you been?”
I smiled as I pulled away. “I’ve been great. How’s the family?”
He walked back to the desk and pulled out his phone, showing me pictures of his mate and their baby. “It’s been really great.”
Then he slid the phone back into his pocket. “What brings you here?”
I smiled as I stared at him. “You have something that belongs to me.”
Sterling’s eyes widened a bit at that. “No, I don’t.” He looked away and I snorted.
“It’s okay.” I patted his back. “Tanka Sterling.” I watched the relief hit him. The sigh he let out was similar to the ones you give when you walk into your house after a long day. Pure and unadulterated relief.
He turned to me with eyes filled with so much emotion. “I didn’t want to keep it from you.” His shoulders sagged. “Honestly, I-”
“Its fine.” I rubbed his back a little. “I heard it all. And I know it wasn’t you or Jora.” I pushed him gently back around the desk. “I’m not mad at you. So please do not feel bad.” I leaned on the counter. “Let me know when you and your mate are free and I’ll make the trip to come see you guys.” I nodded and waited for him to settle before I questioned him. “Now that I know, can I ask
questions?”
Sterling nodded, but I watched his eyes dart to the camera. I understood. “Of course.”
1/3
TIDONIUS
“How long has it been?”
He cleared his throat. “I have been waiting for you since the first year of school.”
That was a punch to the gut. It’s been that long. I nodded. “Fair enough.” I sighed. “I ran here. Since there is no one here, would
be able to drive me home?”
you
Sterling’s eye lit up, and then he picked up the phone. “Hello, yes, I have Alpha Amy at the desk asking for a ride to the Oakenfang pack lands. No, by me. Yes, she is here for a pickup.” Sterling’s eyes flashed to mine as he waited for the okay. Sterling’s lip twitched. “Not my intention, but I will keep that in mind. Okay, thank you.” He hung up and jumped up. “Okay, let me get the car, and I will get the delivery for you at the same time. Meet me up front in two minutes.” He smiled as he ran back to the security
office.
I chuckled as I looked around. It should have been weird coming back to this place, but it wasn’t. This had been my home for a few years and I missed it. I missed how simple everything was in school. I got up, sparred, class, food, and training. Rinse and repeat. I didn’t have to worry about all this bullshit. Or who I was going to mate with. Thoth and Rowan flashed through my mind.
I heard the snarl before I could smell her. I turned around as the glass door slid open. “Why are you here?” Her voice was as vicious as ever and I felt my lips tug up as I turned to face Nina.
###Next D 437
Chapter 437
“Hello Nina.” I grinned as I faced her fully. “So rude to charge in here and demand why I am here.” I tilted my head. “Why are you
here?”
She snarled. “I go here.”
I felt my grin turn a little predatory. “That’s right, you didn’t graduate yet.” She growled again, but I shrugged. “I get it, hard course and all.” I tilted my head. “But why are you here?” She snapped her teeth at me and I felt my eyes flash. “I might not come here anymore, but I will give you a bit of grace and tell you to remember who you’re snapping at.
She seemed to talk a minute to hear my words before she snapped her mouth shut again. I watched her anger simmer behind her eyes, but she just nodded, more to herself than me. “I don’t need to answer you.”
“That is true.” I walked closer to her. “You don’t need to speak with me.”
“But you have to explain yourself to me.” Sterling’s voice was glacial. “Now, since you won’t answer Alpha Amy’s question, I’m going to demand you answer mine. Why are you here Alpha Nina?”
She spun around, and I watched as she tried to puff up. “Who do you think you are speaking to me like this?” She took a step up to him. “I’m…” She looked at me and I watched her mouth tighten. But she didn’t say anything else.
I walked up behind her. “You’re what, Nina?” I sidled up next to her. “You can’t say you are the next queen now, can you?” I smirked. “Not since the King announced his engagement.” I tilted my head. “Now, what is your rise to power? Is it your uncle’s position on the council? No, can’t be that. He’s dead. Your sisters‘ power was next in line? Has she actually taken over the chair?” I smirked as she paled. “What could you possibly wield over all of us this time?”
She stuttered. “I’m an alpha in my own right.” She sneered before she turned back to Sterling. “You’re just a guard.”
I snorted. “He is a royal gamma.” I cut a look at her out the side of my eyes. “You do realize that, right?”
“He’s a gamma.” She sneered.
“A royal one.” I turned to face her. “I have the distinct feeling you don’t understand the difference.”
Sterling crossed his arms. “Not many do.” He looked her up and down. “I am as polite as I am because of my position. But you
have run my patience dry, Alpha Nina.”
She snarled. “You don’t get to talk to me like that.” She pointed to his face. “Royal pack or not, you are a lowly gamma, barely a
step up from being unranked. You are pathetic.” I threw my head back and laughed as Sterling’s face settled in cold, calculating lines. She whirled on me. “Why are you laughing?”
“Because you are stupider than I had originally thought.” I strode to Sterling’s side. “You were so obsessed with Rowan, only to
get tossed away. And now you are here, insulting his guard and friend.”
She looked between us. “You’re bluffing. He’s just a gamma!” She shrieked at me.
1/3
“I honestly think you never pay attention in school.” She growled, but stayed silent. “Let me spell it out for you.” She crossed her
arms and waited. But I could tell on her face that she didn’t expect me to say anything of importance.
“Go on then.” She smirked. “Tell me how important this gamma is.”
I smirked. “What do you know of the royal pack?”
“They no longer exist. It was the Lycan pack, but they are all dead. So the king filled it with random wolves.” She looked at me
with wide eyes and a snarky grin.
I nodded. “I mean, you are sort of right.” She looked smug. “But I mean not really.” Her smile dropped. “There have always been
wolves in the royal pack. It’s not just lycans. And those wolves that he ‘filled‘ the pack with weren’t random. But wolves he’s trusted, trained, and grown to care about. Any of them in any position with rank means that he specifically selected them for the position because he is the alpha of the pack, as well as the king.”
She rolled her eyes. “So.”
“So…” I snorted. “Sterling is Rowan’s friend, a close friend to be selected to guard his home.” I looked back at Sterling, and he nodded. “Did I get it right?”
He looked down at me and smiled. “Almost.” My smile dropped. “I don’t normally bring this up because it doesn’t matter, but my family has always been in the royal pack, because I’m Rowan’s cousin. Sadly, I didn’t get the Lycan gene. I was raised with him his entire life.” Then he turned back to Nina. “Lowly gamma and all that aside, Rowan is
y brother. And you have been told you aren’t allowed here anymore. If you come here again, I will push for your family to be excommunicated fully.”
###Next D 438
Nina shrieked as she stormed off and I just smiled after her. “Well, that was fun.” I turned to face Sterling, who was staring at me. “Ready?” I walked out the door, and he trailed after me.
“That’s it?” His voice sounded incredulous.
I turned back, confused. “What?”
“That’s your reaction to what I just said. Being related to Rowan, being part Lycan. Nothing?” He crossed his arms.
I felt my brows furrow. “Did you want me to freak out?” He shook his head. “Lose my mind and beg you to call him?” He tilted his head back and forth like he was considering it. I snorted. “Sterling, let me just say this. I like you as a friend. And nothing you say will change that. Not your position and definitely not who you are related to.” I reached up and patted his arm. “Plus.” I pulled out my phone and wiggled it. “I still have his number. If I wanted to speak to him, I could just call him myself.” I grinned and
then turned back to the car.
“You seriously don’t care?” He sounded genuinely confused.
I laughed. “Not one bit. Why would I?” He stared at me for a minute and then walked around the other side of the car and slipped in. I heard my door unlocked, and I opened the door to see a small box full of things. I slipped it off the seat and settled with it between my legs. I closed the door and looked at Sterling, who was already looking at me. “What?”
“I don’t know. I’m just not used to someone not caring about it.” He tapped the steering wheel and then looked at me again. “I’m
honestly a little lost.” He snorted.
I looked at him. “Why?”
He shook his head. “This is stupid. But I’m going to be honest.” I nodded for him to continue. “When ever someone finds out
about Rowan…” He scratched the back of his head. “They try to use me to get closer to him.”
I nodded. “Makes sense.” He snapped his face to me, but I just laughed. “I said it makes sense, not that someone should do it.” I
sighed as I did my seatbelt. “People tend to be at least a little selfish by trait. The worse I find the person, the more selfish they
are.” I shrugged. “But I knew Rowan before I met you, and if I needed to reach him or get close, I could do that all by myself. I
don’t need you to help me.” He nodded and then pulled away, finally heading back to my pack.
“You are right. It’s just a weird feeling.” He cut his eyes to me. “Why are you so nice to me, then?” He sighed.
I laughed. “Because you are my friend.”
“It’s not because I’m a gamma from the royal pack.”
I snorted. “I used that because Nina wants to be close to Rowan. Not because it actually matters.” He lifted his eyebrow, and I
snorted. “Let me explain. I was raised to treat everyone as a person. Not a rank. So I would have treated you the exact same
whether you were an Alpha, Gamma, or unranked.”
1/3
Chapter 450
He thought about it for a minute and then nodded. “You’re right.” He was quiet for a minute. “The box is full of letters, or things that were delivered to you I couldn’t give you.” He pointed to the box between my legs. “The one on top was the very last one.”
I looked down at the envelope. “When was it delivered?”
He sighed. “The morning of your graduation. Right before you came down.” He gripped the wheel tighter. “I’m sorry Amy.”
“Have you read any of these?” I grabbed the letter and twirled it in my hands.
He shook his head. “No, but I have a feeling I know exactly what’s in that letter.” He glanced at me and all I could see was his puppy dog eyes filled with remorse. “I’m sorry.”
))
The look and his words filled me with dread. I slid my finger under the glue and opened the letter that just had my name written on it. I slipped it out and unfolded it.
Amy,
Goddess only knows why you haven’t called or texted me. I can only assume you are still mad at me and I get it. I left you in heat, but I swear it, I didn’t want to. I wish I stayed, but I knew if I did, eventually you would have hated me.
I couldn’t live if you hated me.
I want our first time together to be something spectacular. And I want you to be sober enough to make the decision with me. No
regrets.
Today is going to be bad, and I need you to know what is coming. Your father and I have been working on this plan for over a year, and now it’s time. It’s going to be fucking painful for you, but I swear your dad came up with everything.
Remember, I love you and only you.
###Next D 439
Chapter 439
+15 Bonus
“What the fuck…” I felt like my world was crashing down on me. My head was full of his words and I was confused to how we even got here. I turned to face Sterling, and he was clearly avoiding my gaze. “Sterling.”
He looked over at me finally, and I could see the truth behind his eyes. “Yeah?”
“Have you read any of these?” I dropped the letter into the box. My gaze fell back to the box between my feet and I counted over
fifty letters…maybe more. “How long has he been sending these?” 1
Sterling closed his eyes for a second, like he was trying to come up with an answer that wouldn’t break me. His hand tightened on
the steering wheel. “No, like I said, I haven’t read anything that was sent to you.” He swallowed. “They were meant for your eyes
only, and even if we couldn’t give them to you, we were going to invade your and Rowan’s privacy.”
I felt my eyes tighten. “But?”
He sighed. “But I saw him whenever he dropped off the letters. He was becoming more and more desperate for you to answer.”
He looked like he might get sick. “I wanted to tell him. About the fact you weren’t answering because you didn’t know, but I
couldn’t.”
I settled a little. I could hear the pain in his voice. “Your feeling guilty?” I asked, but I already knew the answer.
He nodded. “Goddess yes.” He glanced at me. “You don’t understand.” His hands flexed, and I could tell he was becoming
frustrated.
“Then explain it to me because I’m pretty lost right now.” I looked down at the letters. “I don’t even know why or when they started. And by the looks of it, he sent quite a few.” I bent down and tried to count them. “How many are even here?”
I heard Sterling swallow again. “Over seventy.”
I snapped up. “What?”
“Rowan sent you a letter every week since your heat.” He looked out the windshield, avoiding my gaze. “I lost track after seventy.” He looked away. “That’s a lie.” He wiped his face on his shoulder. “I stopped counting because every day I saw the pile grow bigger, the guiltier I felt.”
I sighed as I looked down. I grabbed another letter and noticed there was a tiny number on the top of this one. Fifty–six. I dropped it and grabbed another. Thirty–five. “The numbers?” 
His eyes darted to the letter in my hands. “A system Jora came up with after the second letter.” He squeezed the wheel. “He thought that if we ever got to give you them, this way you could keep track of their order. So anytime he gave us a letter for you, we numbered it and dropped it into a pile. Once the pile got too big for the drawer, we dumped them into a box.” He looked down at the box between my legs. “We upgraded to the bigger box a few months ago. We thought he was going to keep sending them…”
He trailed off as he looked at the open letter on top.
“But then he stopped.” My throat hurt. I sat back and felt the truth cascade down on top of me. My heart felt like my ribs were
1/3
Chapter 439
crushing it. Everything grew blurry, and my breathing became labored.
“Yeah.” His voice was so far away I barely heard him.
+15 Bonus
My mind flashed back to the night Carl died. Rowan kneeling in the dirt and blood. Hurt and bleeding from the fighting, but still he stared at me. I felt the cold take over my body as I remembered his eyes begging me. ‘Let me explain.‘ But didn’t let him did I. I
looked down at the letter and the truth hit me.
I was mad because he was supposed to wait for me. My eyes snagged on the bottom line. Remember, I love you and only you. My heart squeezed. He had waited. The sob broke free faster than I thought. Sterling’s head snapped towards me, but then he turned
away, leaving me alone with my pain.
“This can’t be happening.” My voice was ragged as another sob broke free. I smacked my hand over my mouth to stop another
from breaking free. I needed to wait. I couldn’t break down yet.
Oh goddess, what have I done?
“I’m sorry.” Sterling’s voice was soft as he slid one of his hands off the wheel and wrapped his fingers through mine. “I’m sorry I
had to keep this from you.”
I sniffled as I chuckled. “This wasn’t you fault. You had no choice.” I felt him squeeze my fingers. “My father made sure of that.”
He sighed. “I know. But I’m still sorry. And believe me, I’ll be going to tell Rowan as soon as I dropped you off.”
“Please don’t.” I pulled his hand.
Comments
Support
###Next D 440
Chapter 440
+15 Bonus
He pulled into my driveway, and I hadn’t even realized we were on pack lands. “What do you mean, don’t?” He turned in his seat.
“Amy, he doesn’t know the truth. He thinks you have been ignoring him for over a year. It’s killing him.”
I nodded. “I know. I know.” I looked down at my box of letters. “And I felt the same way.” I looked at him, almost imploring him
to understand.
“You are still mad.” He sighed. “But he didn’t-”
I nodded. “I know.” I sighed. “But I don’t know if I can get past it.”
“But he didn’t do anything.,” Sterling tried to argue.
“Exactly.” I leveled him with a look. “And I know that doesn’t make any sense, and it honestly doesn’t have to.”
He groaned. “You sound like my mate.”
I snorted. “She sounds smart.” But I wiped my eyes. “I know it’s stupid. But I need to read everything first.”
“But why?”
I sighed. “Because…I don’t know if what’s in these letters is going to change anything.”
He exploded. “What the hell do you mean? How could they not?” He was so sure that the letters will change my opinion.
“It’s been two years.” I felt my stomach tighten. “Two years since he broke my heart and then cut me off.”
“But he didn’t.” He pointed to the letters. But I watched as his words registered. “But you didn’t know that…”
“Exactly.” I nodded once. We sat in the silence for a moment before there was a knock on the window. We turned to find Brandon
standing outside. I wanted to groan, but I forced a smile to my face. I turned back to Sterling with a warning glare. “Thank you for
the ride back.”
His eyes flicked between Brandon and me. “You are welcome. I was happy to help.” His eyes tightened a little when Brandon stared at him. “Next time, you shouldn’t wait for me to call you to come get your mail.” He nodded to the box and I could have
kissed him. He gave me an explanation.
I mouthed thank you, and he smirked a little. “I shouldn’t have any more mail coming to the building, so we should be good.” I 
smiled, and it was genuine until Brandon knocked on the window again. Nix growled, and it slipped from my lips. Sterling smiled
and his eyes danced with amusement as I slammed the door open, making Brandon stumble back or be hit. “Have a nice drive back.” I stepped out and then bent for the box.
Brandon was at my side in seconds, trying to take it from me, but again I growled. He held up his hands and then looked back to
the car. “Hey baby.” 
I tightened my hands on the box. “What are you doing here?” I walked straight to my door and took out my keys to unlock the
1/3
Chapter 440
door. Brandon trailed after me.
+15 Bonus
“I came here after Rick told me you were at home sick.” He looked back to Sterling’s car that was just starting to back out of the
driveway. “But you weren’t here.” He watched Sterling drive away. “Where were you?”
I popped the door open and dropped the box inside, shutting the door before Brandon tried to go inside. “I went and grabbed my mail from the school. Apparently, I had a bit built up, and they called to see if I wanted it before they tossed it.” I turned back to
face him. “Why did you come here if you heard I was sick?”
He smiled. “I wanted to take care of you.” He stepped into my space and kissed my lips, but I couldn’t kiss him back. Rowan’s
words flashed through my mind. I love you.
I put a hand on his chest. “I appreciate it. But have you figured out the Shannon issue?” I pushed him away. “You keep showing
up when I’ve asked you to keep your distance until it’s been handled. I don’t want to hurt her.”
Nix snorted. I love that you keep using Shannon as an excuse not to touch the scum bag.
Megan snorted. It really comes in handy. The man is a bastard. She sniffed. The funny thing is, he still has the scent of our mate,
but it’s faded. And it smells like it turned. Gone rotten somehow.
Nix smelled. He smells like rotten apples to me. Megan just nodded.
Rotten like his soul. She snorted.
“Amy.” He tried to grab for me but I held up my hands.
“No, Brandon, I’m serious.”
His eyes darkened. “I’m working on it.” He wrapped an arm around my back and slammed his lips to mine. There was a growl at the back of my throat, but I caught the sound of a car stopping in front of the house, so I held it back. There was the sound of the
door opening. And then a gasp.
Shannon was standing at the bottom of the driveway. “Brandon?”
He whirled. “Shan.”
limited offer: Top up now to get 5% more bonus
D
###Next D 441
Chapter 441
I wiped my face as he whirled to face Shannon. Her eyes burned and I could smell her devastation. “How could you?” Her words
seem to hit him like physical blows. She turned to me, but I held up my hands.
“Don’t look at me like that.” I called to her, and she fumed. “I told him he had to make everything very clear before our mating
ceremony.”
Brandon spun to face me, anger and something else I couldn’t pinpoint on his face. But it was Shannon’s choking that had him
spinning back. “Your mating ceremony?” She looked between us. “You two are holding the ceremony still?” She stumbled back a
step before her eyes raged. “Is that true?”
Brandon looked back and forth between us, and he settled on me, pleading. “Amy…”
I laughed. “I knew it.” I scowled at him. “If you love her, then mate her and keep me out of it.” I snarled as I turned back to the
house.
“Wait!” Brandon screamed as I slammed the door open.
I turned back. “What? What the fuck are you going to say?”
Shannon growled. “Don’t talk to him like that.”
I turned to Shannon. “I love you. I’m sorry for any part I had in this.” I looked at Brandon, who was looking between the two of
us. “I would have never agreed to becoming his girlfriend or mate if either of you had just been honest with me.” I forced some
tears into my eyes. “I was trying to avoid this exact fucking scenario.”
Shannon laughed. “You love me? Bullshit.” She screamed, drawing more people outside. Good, let them see this. Brandon looked
around and realized we were gathering an audience. “You don’t fucking love me.” She kept screaming. Her hair was flying everywhere as she tossed her head. “If you loved me, you would have never dated my boyfriend.”
“Let’s calm down.”
I laughed this time. “He’s your boyfriend?” I faced him. “9I fucking knew it.” I stepped up to him and poked his chest. “You said
she was just someone to pass the time with. That the truth was that you talked to her so you could get close to me and then you guys got close. Ismn’t that what you said?”
He looked back at Shannon, who looked devastated. “Did you say that about us, Bran?”
Brandon backed up a step. “What, of course not.”
I laughed. “So what? Now I am the one lying?” I snarled, but I turned to Shannon. “I know we hated each other growing up, but I need you to think clearly here.” She glared back at me. “Did I ever give you any fucking inclination that I secretly liked Brandon in school?” She snook her head. “Exactly.” I turned back to Brandon. “I never wanted you. But you chased me. You made me believe
that you and Shannon were done. You told me you had already told her how you felt. And now look at us.” I flung my hands out.
“We are less than two weeks to OUR mating ceremony and I have to deal with this.”
1/3
Chapter 441
Shannon scoffed. “Your mating ceremony? You didn’t even plan it.”
+15 Bonus
I ran my fingers through my hair and laughed. “Because you two convinced me you would plan it, since I had to work. I was working to protect this pack, to make it money, while you two were supposed to be planning OUR mating ceremony.” I laughed. “I’m an idiot. I’m honestly the idiot because I actually believe the two of you. But you were fucking lying the entire time. You were never planning our mating ceremony. You were busy planning your own.” I laughed again and I wiped the tears from my face. I yelled so everyone heard. “I was too blinded by the bullshit you were feeding me. I love you Amy. I want to be with you, Amy. Lies. All of them were lies.”
“Amy please.” Brandon grabbed for me but I pushed him away and let my tears fall faster.
“No.” I yelled at him, catching everyone by surprise. Brandon blinked his eyes a few times, surprised by my outburst. “You promised me you wouldn’t hurt me. You swore you wouldn’t ever cheat. But look at you now.”
“Amy.” He tried again but I let out a sob.
“I trusted you!” I screamed out and more people filed out to watch. “You chased me. You told me you loved me. And now I’m somehow competing for a place by your side with my own fucking sister.” He grabbed for me again, but I swatted at him. “I’m done.” I pushed back, then turned to Shannon. “He’s all yours. Take my mate, take my mating ceremony, take my position.” I saw triumph on her face and had to hold back my cackle. I turned back to a pale Brandon. “I’m done.”
Comments
###Next D 442
Chapter 442
+15 Bonus
I slammed the door behind me and put my back against it. I allowed a few more sobs to escape my mouth before I let a smile
dance across my lips. I grabbed the box of letters and I walked up the stairs, sealing the house with a few words as I went. I would
get to these letters later. But I had a little girl wanting to spend some time with me.
I grabbed the box full of Rick’s mutterings and managed to finagle the doors open to the cabin. I put the box of my letters on my
bed, promising myself that I would read them tonight. Or at least a few of them before I carried Rick’s box down the stairs.
I looked around and found…no one. “Hello?” I dropped the box on the living room floor and then I headed outside. “Hello?”
“Punch. Kick. Twist under. Good!” I heard my mom calling out and I turned the corner, only to see my mom training Carly. Toya
and Wendy were sparring with each other a little off to the side, but Carly was red faced and smiling.
I watched for a few minutes, watching her form and listening to her little grunts. It brought me back to when my dad was training
me. “Kick baby girl. Higher. Good.” His smile always made me feel like I overcome a mountain.
Carly was cheering as she landed a high kick. “I did it!” I clapped, and she whirled. “Amy!” She ran over to me and jumped into
my arms. “Did you see? Did you see me?”
I hugged her close. “I did.” I put her on the ground. “You did really great.”
She looked between my mom and me. “Are you ready to do paperwork?” She looked antsy, like she had to pee. I just laughed.
“Go finish your training. I can work by myself until you are finished.” I tugged on her hair.
She bit her lip. “Are you sure? I did promise to help you.” She bounced on her toes.
I dropped down into a crouch. “I’m sure. Training is important. Paperwork can wait.”
Still, she looked unsure. “But paperwork is important.”
I pinched her cheek. “It is, but I can handle it on my own for a little while. Now, get back to grandma Ainsley and finish your training.” I leaned in and kissed her forehead before I stood back up and I pushed her back to my mom.
She looked at me and I watched her eyes tighten. She mouthed ‘You okay?‘. I nodded and turned back to the house. “One second baby.” I heard footsteps running after me, and my mom spun me around. “I know you said you’re okay, but your eyes are red and
puffy.”
I smiled. “I had to give a little performance, is all.” I kissed her cheek. “I’m okay. Really. Go back to Carly. I’ll tell you all about it
later.”
She looked at me for a moment before she agreed. “If you’re sure.”
“I am.” I nodded before I went back inside. I grabbed a quick drink of water, then went back into the living room and dug into the
box
1/3
Chapter 442
+15 Bonus
I pulled everything out and started to organize again, but this time I took a different approach. I sorted the code from random
mutterings. I didn’t read anything. I just focused on separating code from not code.
I don’t know how long I was there, but everyone came in after a while. Carly came over. “What can I do?”
I pulled her next to me. “You can do what I’m doing so that I can start reading.” I pulled out two pieces of paper. “This one.” I
showed her a line of code. “See how it has these random squiggles that aren’t letters and random numbers?”
“Yeah.” She looked at the paper.
I showed her the second paper. “And this one is just a random sentence.”
“Yeah.” She looked between the two piles. “So the weird stuff goes in one, and the normal words in another?” She looked back at
me to make sure she was right.
“Exactly.” I pushed the big stack over to her and her eyes grew round.
“Holy.” She looked over the papers and then back to the other piles. “Okay!” She started in and I pulled the code to me.
I figured if there was going to be a hidden message, it would be in the code. My mom sat down and started reading the regular
notes, figuring she could at least tell me if there was something weird about it. We searched for hours and found nothing. I sat
back and rubbed my eyes. What were we missing?
My mom furrowed her brow. “What the heck does this mean?” She handed me a paper with random letters on it. I looked at it and
saw ‘gur cnffjbq sbe gur onpxqbbe vf bcny‘. I furrowed my brow for a second.
“It’s a code.” I stared at it for a moment, going through all the secret codes Rick taught me as a joke. I ripped a paper and went
through all of them until one made sense. “The password for the backdoor is opal.”
###Next D 443
Chapter 443
My head snapped up. “Holy shit.”
My mom furrowed her brows, and Carly turned to me. “You said a bad word.”
I winced. “Sorry baby.” I patted her head. “I’m just excited.”
She looked at the jumbled letters. “Is this what we were looking for?” She scrunched up her little face and then looked back at me.
“I don’t understand it.”
I laughed. “It’s a code. I’ll teach it to you.” I pulled out a random paper and flipped it over. I wrote the alphabet in two lines,
matching the letters on top of each other. A over N and M over Z. “Then you just swap the letters.”
By then, my mom was staring over my shoulder. “That’s it?” She looked down at the code and then back at me. “But that’s
child’s play.” She looked at me. “He used that to hide his secret?”
I laughed. “Yep. And it is. It’s the way Rick writes secret notes with Abby. I’m assuming he did it this way because he assumed no
one would think of a code this simple.”
“For something this important?” She looked down at the paper. She looked back at me with confusion and a little bit of worry on
her face. “It is important, right?”
I laughed again and nodded. “This is everything.” I leaned over and kissed Carly’s face.
“Ew.” She giggled as she wiped the pretend spit from her face. “We did it though? You got what you needed?”
I smiled. “We did!” I jumped up to my feet, pulling Carly with me, and then I swung her in a circle. “Wohooooo.” She squealed as
we spun and my mom started to laugh. Toya and Wendy ran into the room and stopped on the edges to watch Carly and me spin.
“What’s going on?” Wendy chuckled as Carly giggled.
“Carly and Mom helped me solve the big issue about Vince.” Wendy’s face eyes widened and Toya’s mouth dropped open.
“Say you swear.” Toya ran out and swung Carly from me. “Did you save us, baby girl?”
I laughed as Toya swung her into the air, nearly hitting the ceiling. Carly squealed again and then we dropped to the ground. Wendy walked over and snagged Carly’s hand. “Well, since you saved the day, you get to pick what we have for lunch and dinner.” 
Carly cheered as Wendy led her to the kitchen.
Toya looked after them and I watch her face went from proud to serious as she turned back to me. “This is what you needed for
his servers?” 
I nodded and felt my face split. “And it’s perfect timing.”
“Why do you say that?” My mom came closer to us so we could talk low. 
“Because I just ‘broke‘ up with Brandon. Shannon and he showed up for a final showdown in front of the pack. Now all I need to
1/3
Chapter 443
+25 Bonus
do is get the king to allow me back to daddy’s pack lands and then I can hit them and disappear.”
Toya and my mother looked at each other for a second, then turned back to me. “I thought you were going to wait for the mating
ceremony?”
I stretched my neck. “Can’t, not anymore.”
My mom grabbed my hand. “Why? What aren’t you telling us?”
I sighed, but then my stomach growled, and I winced. Toya turned to me. “Are you eating properly?”
I groaned. “There is too much going on.”
Toya smacked the back of my head. “You screamed at me for the same bullshit excuse during school. ‘It doesn’t matter if you
have training, class, or anything else. You need to feed your body, your wolves. Or else you can lose control.‘ I think that was it…
right?” She leveled me with a look and I winced.
“Yeah.” I sat down on the couch and looked at the paper scattered around the floor.
“Then you need to come clean.” She came over to my side. “What’s going on?” She bumped her shoulder into mine. “You are
normally on top of food.”
I looked down at my hands, and I shook my head. “It’s stupid.”
My mom sat on the other side of me. “Baby. Nothing that is effecting you this much is stupid,”
I looked at her, and then back at Toya. “You will think it’s stupid.”
She chuckled. “Absolutely not.”
I took in a breath and blew it out before and started to pick at the side of my nails. “It’s Rowan.”
Toya tilted her head. “What do you mean?”
I focused on my fingers as I blurted everything out. “I can’t wait until the mating ceremony because I am coming into a heat.
Erubus has been visiting Nix and Megan and they have both fallen for him, which is what is causing the heat. I was pissed because
I like Thoth, maybe love him, but then daddy spilled the beans that he magicked the guards at the building to keep Rowan’s
letters from me. I went and got them this morning and read one. And he said he loved me.”
Comments
###Next D 444
Chapter 444
Both my mom and Toya were silent for far too long before I looked up and both were looking at me with their mouths dropped
open. “Say something.” I nudged them and they finally blinked.
Toya sat back. “That is a lot.”
My mother tried to smile. “That it is.” She grabbed my hand. “Are you sure about the heat?”
I nodded. “Both of them are going into heat.”
Toya choked on her spit. “What do you mean, both of them are going into heat?”
I chuckled as I looked at her. “Exactly that. Last time it was only Nix and I, Megan took the heat as much as she could, but it
wasn’t hers. Now both of them will go into heat. And honestly, that sounds fucking terrifying. I barely survived my first heat
without my mate, and that was only one wolf. How am I going to survive both?”
My mom wrapped her arm around me. “We have a few weeks. Right?”
I sighed. Do we?
My wolves both looked at each other and then away. Erubus says we have less than two weeks. Possibly a week.
I laughed and then felt tears spring to my eyes. My mom looked at Toya, who threaded her fingers through mine. “What’s
wrong?”
I looked at both of them. “I have a week to a week and a half, give our take a day.” I watched the words hit them, but then my mom nodded and stood. “Where are you going?”
“To call your dad.” She looked like she was on a mission.
“Why?” I looked at her, confusion and panic clear on my face.
“Because he has fucking magic, and if anyone can stop this mess from fucking happening. It should be him.” She turned and
stomped up the stairs. She was on a mission and no one was going to stop her.
“Do you think there is a way?” Toya looked at me with hope in her eyes. “To stop your heat?”
“I don’t think so. I don’t remember seeing anything that might stop it. Not even pack doctors have the resources, as far as I
know.” I swallowed past the lump in my throat, but Toya slid closer and wrapped her arm around me.
“We got this.” She looked sure.
I laughed. “Do you not remember last time?” 
She nodded. “I do. So I know Wendy and I can do this.” She rubbed my shoulder. “We have done this before, and we can do it again.” She pulled me into a hug. “So let’s not stress about the heat. We have that handled. Now,” She paused. “The Rowan thing might be a little more difficult.” She pulled back to look at my face. “You tell me, what do you want? I’ll support you either way.
 / 1
Chapter 444
+25 Bonus 
Thoth, Rowan, some random guy named Todd. You tell me.”
I laughed, really laughed, since Nix and Megan told me about the heat. “Just like that?” I watched her face, but she wasn’t lying.
“Just like that.” She wiped a tear from my face. “I’m your best friend, Amy. Not a judge. You tell me who you love. You tell me who
you want to be with, and I will one hundred per cent support you.” She shook her head. “Rowan is a good man. We have just
decided he is stupid. And that’s okay.” We both burst out in laughter. But then she kept talking. “Thoth is a good friend, and man.
If you want to pursue him to see what could be, then do it. You are not tied to anyone. You have no mate that we know of.” She
shrugged. “We just want you to be happy.”
I groaned my frustration. “Rowan might be my mate.” I looked at her and watched her eyes widen.
“Why do you say that?” She was hesitant to say anything.
I looked at her for a minute. “Why did you say it like that?”
She looked back towards the kitchen and then sighed. “Truthfully?” I nodded. “Because Wendy and I have been thinking that it
only made sense that you and Rowan are mates.”
“Why?” I pulled away completely to watch her face. “And why didn’t you tell me?”
She winced. “Since meeting Nix, we assumed since you two are the last Lycans. You two had to be mates.”
“But the Lycan’s are alive.” I cut in, but she held her hand up.
“We didn’t know that at the time. And having the only two Lycans alive mate made sense. And the goddess is nothing but sensible.” I nodded, but then she looked at me. “And the reason why we didn’t tell you was because you two were hitting it off.
And we just assumed everything would unfold as it should.” She looked away. “And then he shattered you and I wanted to kill
him.” She turned back to me. “I was going to kill him.”
“Toya.”
But she shook her head. “You didn’t see yourself at the height of your heat, Amy. If he had showed back up, I would have died
trying to kill him. And I would’ve done it happily.”
###Next D 445
Chapter 445
+25 Bonus
“You can’t mean that.” I hit her arm, but she shook her head.
“You don’t understand. We handled you, but I was terrified you were going to die. Having a heat without a mate was bad enough,
but adding your shattered heart on top of it nearly did kill you.” Her face was a mask of rage. “There were a few days were you
refused to eat or drink. You whittled down to nothing.” She looked down at her hands. “We you came to, your wolves were
fighting for your life, so you didn’t see much of a difference. But at the height of your heat, your heart stopped beating.” Toya met
my eyes. “But even after all of that. I knew Rowan was doing it because he cared for you and didn’t want to ruin you.” She nodded
as she sighed. “It took a long time for me to realize that.”
I nodded. “Yeah. Me too.” I sat back against the sofa. “It took almost a year for me to stop hating him. For the heat, for pulling
away. And then the graduation happened, and I was flung back to the pain and anger I felt.” I rubbed my face. “I don’t know how I
am going to face him…” I trailed off and then shook myself. “I don’t even know if he still cares about me. Or how Thoth feels.” I 
groaned. “Fuck, I don’t even know how I truly feel.”
“Well…” Toya stood, turned, and pulled me up. She turned me to the stairs and pushed me. “Maybe you should go read those
letters and figure it out.”
I stumbled to the stairs and stopped. I looked back at her. “I’m…terrified.”
She smiled softly at me. “Why?”
“Because what if I like Rowan and Thoth?” She laughed.
“Two men to pick from? Oh, no.” Toya waved her hands in the air. “Fuck, I’d be okay with just one.”
I laughed. “Not what I meant.”
Her face sobered up. “I know. But you are worrying about something happening that’s already happening.” She walked over to
me and cupped my face. “You do already like both men. And I know that sounds scary. But you can’t change it. You need to focus on how much you care about them…and how much they care about you.” I stiffened, and she laughed. “Stop worrying about it. First things first, read the letters. It will help you understand everything better…hopefully.” She spun me around and pushed me
up the stairs. 
“But Carly…” 
“Is fine with us.” Toya laughed at me. “We all understand that you are busy until this is all over. We signed up for it. And Wendy and I explained it to Carly. As did you? As did your mom. She understands. We understand. Now get your ass upstairs and figure
out if the man you love is on the same page.” 
I wanted to puke. “What if he’s not?” 
She softened her next words. “Then you fully move on, instead of this weird wishey washy thing you have been doing.” I chuffed,
and she held up her hands. “It’s true and you know it.” She leaned in and kissed my forehead. “You start to move on, and then
1/3
Chapter 445
+25 Bonus
you are sucked right back in.” She ran a hand down my hair. “A reason that had Wendy and I leaning towards Rowan being your
mate. Now matter what, he sucked you back in.” Then she laughed a little. “But not in the toxic human way in the movies. He just
does it by being himself.” She turned me around to face the stairs. “Now go.”
I struggled to move. “But what if-”
Toya growled. “Then we face it. Now get your ass up these steps and stop being a pussy.”
I growled back, but finally started up the stairs. Every stair, every step was like moving through sludge.
Why are you so worried? Nix paced inside.
Megan chuckled. Probably for the same reason you are. Nix growled at her, but she just chuffed out a laugh. Megan was braver
than she let on. She is worried that what she is about to read will change everything.
So? Nix looked back at me.
Megan sighed as she stood to run herself down the barrier. Or nothing.
What? Nix looked between us. What does that mean?
She is worried that what she is about to read will change everything for her, but change nothing about the outcome. Nix still
looked confused. Megan sighed. What if what’s in these letters makes her fall in love with Rowan?
Then we get to be with Rowan and Erubus.
Megan nodded. Okay, but what if we can’t?
What? Nix sat down, trying to understand. That makes no sense.
Megan nodded. What if you find your mate? Or he finds his, and it’s not us? What if Amy reads these letters, and it changes absolutely nothing as she still wants nothing to do with them…then what?
P
Comments
###Next D 446
Chapter 446
Nix sunk to the ground. I could see she was sad, but she kept it in. Then we do exactly as we said. We stay out of it and support her
like she did us. And we mate whoever she wants to mate. The words hurt my heart to hear, but it settled me a little.
We will figure it all out together. I finished the steps and crawled into my bed. The softness of the bed calling to me to snuggle in
and sleep. I was still tired from being captive, but instead of pulling the covers up, I crawled across it and grabbed the box. I sat
against the headboard and then I dumped the letters into the bed.
“First things first,” I muttered to myself as I pulled letters and started to organize them by number.
What are you doing? Nix pushed closer to the barrier.
“I’m organizing them so I know what order they came in.”
Why do you need to read them in order? Megan asked. It’s all the same information, right?
“Yeah. It is, but I want to know what order they come in.”
But why? Nix asked again. It won’t change anything.
“No. But it will give me a timeline.” I sighed as I finished the stack. “I’ll be able to see what he sent and when.”
And what happened around the same time? Nix asked.
“Exactly.” I grabbed the first letter. “It will show me if it is all just a game to him…”
Or if he is sincere. Megan finished, and I just nodded.
I took a deep breath before I opened the first letter, and I could barely make out the words I was shaking so hard. Nix and Megan
both pushed forward, joining with me to calm myself. Nix’s voice whispered through my head. We are in this together.
Megan’s soft voice calmed my pounding heart. We are with you. No matter what happens. I nodded again. I closed my eyes and
took a few calming breaths and then I held the letter steadier, and began to read.
Amy,
What can I say that will take the pain away? Absolutely nothing. I know I ripped your heart out when I left you there. You were
begging me to help you, ease your burning need, and I wish to the goddess that I was a stronger man. But I am weak.
I knew that if I helped you today that I wouldn’t have been able to stop. Your kiss alone drives me up the wall, and if I had the
chance to get my lips on your body, I would have broken both of our vows to wait for our mates. I crave you like chocolate. Like
air. I need to kiss your lips to touch your skin. And I knew that if I allowed myself to cross that last step…if I had taken you into my
arms…I would not have had the strength in me to let you go.
I need you to know that I did not turn away from you because I did not want you. But because I knew that you would have resented
me. If not today, tomorrow. Or maybe years from now if you ever found your true mate, and it was not me. You would have
1/3
Chapter 446
+25 Bonus
resented me from taking that gift away from you.
I would not, could not, survive if you ended up hating me. I think my soul would cleave in half.
My wolf and I are at an impasse. He has become entranced by a she–wolf that runs through the woods by the university, but I am so wrapped up in you. If it was just me, alone in my body, I would have chosen you the first day I saw you in class.
You took my breath away. You were so confident. So funny. I was gone before class was over. But I tried to hold back because I was
your teacher. But even I failed at that.
Your soul calls to mine. If only our wolves felt the same way.
Please understand.
Rowan.
I sat back and let the letter flutter to my lap. I hadn’t realized I was even crying until the first tear fell off my chin onto the paper.
Well, fuck. Nix words were soft, but full of emotion.
I hit my head against the wall, letting the tears come. “Yeah.” I choked out before the sobs came. My soul was ripping in two, and
this was just the second letter. “How am I supposed to read all of these?”
My question hung in the air. But it was Megan’s calm voice that pulled me back from the brink. We have to read them, Amy. We
have to face them because Rowan took the time to write them all. You are being ripped apart from reading them, but from the
sounds of these letters…he was ripped apart writing them.
Comments
###Next D 447
Chapter 447
Amy,
I haven’t heard from you in a week. I hope you read my letter. I know it is stupid for me to think you will forgive me instantly, but
I hope you will give me a minute to explain it to you. I’ve spent this last week getting updates every day from Sterling. I don’t
know if I ever told you he is my cousin.
He told me you have been stuck in your apartment. I can’t help but worry about what you’re going through. Has your heat ended?
Have you been looking for me? Have you called? I know the answer to the last one, it’s not, but I wish it was yes. I check my phone
endlessly all day waiting for your message.
I even look for an email, anything to let me know what is going on.
I was too stupid to get Wendy’s or Toya’s number as I ran like a coward from your place. But your scent, goddess, your scent, was
driving me crazy. It’s wrong and still it was the most delicious scent I had ever smelled in my life. 1
I can’t sleep without dreaming of you.
I know you struggled with your heat, and I am so sorry. If we were a little less stupid, or had wolves a little less stubborn, this
would have never happened. I would have never fallen in love with you, or maybe you would be smart enough not to like me. I
don’t know.
I don’t know what to think or how to feel. What I do know is that I dream of you. Every day. I smell your skin in the air, taste your
lips against mine. And then I wake up and you’re gone, a ghost.
You are haunting me, and I don’t ever want you to stop.
Goddess, save me.
Rowan
I toss the letter down and wipe my face. It was only the second one and I can barely breathe. How am I supposed to do this? Read
them all? But then I remember Megan’s words and I grab the next letter. If he was brave enough to write them, I would read them.
Amy, 
It’s been two weeks since I left you. I thought you have been ignoring me, but Sterling just told me you have come out of your heat
after a week. A week? That is almost unheard of for wolves. For lycans it is pretty standard for a female in heat, but it lessons with
their mate present.
What I wouldn’t give to be your mate.
I think about it sometimes. It’s stupid, I know. But I can’t stop running it through my mind. What it would mean if you were my goddess given mate? I think I’ve lived our lives together a thousand times by now.
I can’t believe I’m admitting this to you but I had this dream. I don’t even know you can call it a dream. I think about it, dream
1/2
Chapter 447
+25 Bonus
about it even when I’m awake. It has become my newest obsession. I can barely make it through a meeting without our life
unfolding like a story in my mind.
My mind has rewritten our meeting. How when I walked into the classroom and I spotted you? Instead of my heart stopping for a minute, and then I had to pretend to not be distracted. That my first thought about you wasn’t that you were the most beautiful
woman I have ever seen. Instead, I walked into the classroom and your scent hit my nose and I knew. You were meant to be mine.
I kicked everyone else out of the room, and I released my scent for you to recognize me as your other half.
We barely made it to our mating ceremony. I have pictured years with you. Our kids. So many kids.
But then someone speaks and I’m back here. In this place where I left you when you needed me the most and now I can’t see you.
Can’t touch you. Can’t even hear your voice because it would rip me open.
Goddess, I am the worst kind of man there is. I have started to hate my wolf. His name is Erubus. I don’t think I ever told you
about my wolf. I wanted to run with you, so you could meet him, but we never had any time to.
I hate that. I hate that I never got to meet your wolf. Why did we never run together?
I’m rambling at this point, but the truth of it is that this is all I have to hold on to. Your father has started in with these new plans
he wants to have a meeting about, and I have this pit in my stomach.
I wish I could come to your place and talk to you, but he’s sworn me to stay away. He says it’s better this way, but for who? It’s
not me.
Rowan
Not interesting at all
###Next D 448
Chapter 448
I stood up and went into the bathroom to take a shower. I needed a minute away from his words, his truths. They were ripping my
heart open. I read letter after letter and it was like watching a car crash, but in slow motion. His letters were taking on a slight
desperation now. And even though I had never seen them before, I felt guilty because it was my fault. I wasn’t answering, and he
was spiralling because of it.
I pressed my head against the cold glass. The hot water was pounding against my back, but my mind was still stuck on the letters.
His sadness. Our missed connection.
Missed connection? Nix was pressed against the barrier, as was Megan. They hadn’t left my side since I started in on the pile.
They seemed to know more than they let on.
She means they had a chance, but they both messed it up. Megan answered Nix as I sunk lower into the dread in my belly.
Did you two know? I whispered my question to my wolves. I needed to know how clueless I was.
Both of my wolves turned to face me. Nix pulled a slow blink and Megan looked away. A new pit opened up in my stomach. Amy…
Nix started, but I felt my body shudder. She stopped, but I felt her sorrow hit me. Amy, it isn’t like what you are thinking.
I’m thinking that Erubus told you two about how Rowan was feeling, but you kept it to yourself. I sagged against the wall.
Megan ran her side against the barrier to calm me down. Not exactly. He did his best to stay away from speaking about Rowan,
but we figured something like this happened.
I dropped to my knees and allowed the water to run over me. Something like this? I choked.
Not the letters we would have told you, but we assumed he hadn’t been completely honest about his feelings for you.
I sighed. At least they hadn’t held that from me. I was already feeling quite betrayed by my dad, my wolves…pretty much everyone. But if I found out they had purposefully hid the letters from me, I think that would have broken me fully.
I lost track of the time I spent under the water. It took much longer than I would like to admit. But I needed the shower to piece
myself back together. Once I stepped out, I would be strong again, but right this second, I needed a minute where I could break
down.
You’re allowed to be vulnerable, Amy. Megan sighed.
But Nix was already shaking her head. She can’t. I just curled over my knees and allowed Nix to explain it. Nix straightened and turned. Alpha’s, especially female alphas, need to be strong. Stronger than their males because we get attacked so often. With us in here, she can be like this. But out in the world, she has to be strong, so she doesn’t open herself up to nonstop challenges.
Megan turned to look between the two of us. Are you serious?
Nix leveled her with a look. If you use your head, you would realize I’m right. The whole reason for a gamma to watch the luna is
because…?
1/2
Chapter 448
Because lunas are targeted a lot. Megan finished.
Nix nodded. Why is that?
+25 Bonus
Because wolves don’t understand that luna is not an earned position. It is a selected position in the pack. So if there is a wolf who
feels like they could win in a fight against the luna, they challenge her, and the gammas step in.
Exactly. Nix nodded. It’s the same thing. Mate or not, Amy is an alpha. And wolves will automatically think they can challenge her. For bragging rights or just to feel superior. Nix stopped. Now we both know Amy doesn’t have to worry, she is strong enough to protect herself. But she shouldn’t have to. She should be strong enough that other wolves are too afraid to challenge her.
She is. Megan cut in.
Not if she shows this in front of the wrong person. Nix turned back to me. Her friends, her family, its fine but if the wrong person
sees this, she will be battling for her life every day.
Megan sighed. And all it takes is one mistake.
Nix nodded again. Exactly. My wolves sat back and watched me fall apart. Then, when I had finished crying, I stood, finished my
shower, and got out. What are you doing now? Nix’s question was soft.
“I’m going to grab a bottle of wine, and I’m going to come back here and finish the letters.” I slid my feet into my slippers and opened the door to find my mom about to knock. “Mom?”
She looked down at the tray in her arms. “I heard you crying. I figured you might need some wine, a snack, and a listening ear.”
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 449
Chapter 449
I stared at my mom for a moment before she pushed past me. She settled the tray at the end of the bed and poured two glasses. She spun around and handed me one before she climbed into my bed. “Come on, baby girl.”
I felt the resolve I had crumble under the weight of having my mom next to me. I shut the bedroom door and walked around the other side of the bed, sliding into it. I took a long sip from my glass before I placed it down on the bedside table.
“You don’t have to be here.” I turned to look at her and she just smiled.
“I know.” She pulled the blanket over her legs and then pulled the tray onto her lap. “I know.” She grabbed a cracker from the tray and tossed it into her mouth. She took a minute to chew and then took a long sip from her glass before she looked at me again. “But I’m not going to sit out there while you cry in here.” She looked down at the pile of letters in the middle of the bed. “Is this what’s making you cry?” She grabbed one of the open ones and read it. I watched her eyes bounce across the page until she dropped the letter to her lap and looked at me. “Oh, baby.”
I turned and grabbed my glass of wine, chugging it. “It’s…” I shook my head. “It’s harder than I imagined having to read through. these letters.” I held out my glass, and she refilled it.
“Why are you reading through them…the letters?” She reached out and grabbed another. “Are they out of order?” She looked up,
confused.
I nodded. “He wrote me a letter a week, but none were delivered.”
My mom looked down at the letters. “Why?”
“Why did he write to me?” I shrugged. “I assume because he didn’t like how we left it.”
“No.” She slapped my arm. “Why weren’t they delivered?”
I wiped my face. “Because daddy decided I didn’t need them.” She shucked in her breath.
“Your dad thinks he knows best.” She sighed as she looked at the unopened pile. “What can I do to help?”
I looked down at the next letter. “Stay with me.” I grabbed the next one. “I don’t know if I can do this.” My hands shook as I
broke the seal.
My mom took it from my hands. “You don’t have to. I’ll read it to you.” She slipped the paper from my hands and unfolded it.
“Dear Amy.” His words were soft as I sank against the back wall. “It’s been a month since I saw your face last and I can say with
one hundred percent certainty that I can’t live without you.” My mom took a small sip of wine and pressed her lips together.
“Your scent haunts me, like a specter in my life. Even if it’s the wrong, it still haunts me. I turn a corner and I catch it on the
breeze. I can’t tell if it’s magic or just the magic of you. Someone is chasing me, using you as enticement. And they are smart to do
it.” My mom looked up. “I know by now you must be wondering why I stay away. Why, if I am this obsessed with you, why do I
hide from you? The answer is simple. Your father.” I growled, and I saw her lips turn up. “He has this plan. And although I
fucking hate it, it makes sense. I hate that it makes sense.” My mom sighed as she shook her head. “Your father and his plans.”
1/2
+25 Bonus
She looked at me with sad eyes. “Your dad thinks that this is the perfect time to get closer to the women the council is pushing on me. Nina, Verity and their ilk. He knows that someone is using magic on me. He said he can tell, but he doesn’t know who it is. It’s honestly the perfect opportunity. We can start to flush out who has been using magic against us. But if there is one thing that I could ask of you? Can you try to forgive me? Please. I can’t stand not speaking to you. Rowan.” My mother took a deep breath before she folded the letter back up and slid it into the envelope.
I shook my head. “Why does it hurt so much?” I rubbed my chest.
She sighed as she grabbed the next letter. “Because he mattered.”
“What?” I looked at her before reaching over and grabbed a cracker.
“He mattered. Like really mattered. His opinion, his time, his feelings for you. All of it mattered to you.” She grabbed my hand and squeezed. “And it hurts because you loved him…by the looks of it, may still love him.”
I growled. “I shouldn’t though. He broke me.”
My mom sighed. “From the sounds of it. It wasn’t his choice.”
###Next D 450
Chapter 450
+25 Bonus
I woke up with swollen eyes and dried drool on my chest from where my mother was curled up on me. I would have laughed if it wasn’t so sad. I wiped at my tender eyes and my mom lifted her head. “Hey baby.” She pushed up and saw her drool. She giggled. “Sorry.” She pushed all the way up and pulled her hair back. “How are you feeling?”
“Rough.” I pushed myself up. “Very rough.”
My mom nodded. “It was an emotional night.” She looked to the bedside table where were moved the letters after we finished reading them all. “He was very much in love with you.” She turned back. “How are you….I was going to ask how you’re feeling again and I already know the answer. But…” She trailed off. “How are you dealing with everything?” She had this tiny flash of hope, but I shook my head.
“Honestly…I don’t know.” My alarm went off again. “What I do know is that I have to go to work today. I need to call the king today.” My stomach clenched. “I need to speak to daddy, and Thoth today.” I got out of bed and went to the closest. “I have too much to do to stay in bed like I want to do.” I grabbed the first thing I could and went to the bathroom.
My mom called after me. “I can help.”
I shut the door behind me so I could have a quick shower to wake myself up. I slipped behind the frosted glass before my mom charged right in. “Mom.”
“No baby. I don’t want to hear it. I told you I can help and I mean it. Let me call your father, the king. We can handle that part. You just have to tell me the plan.”
“I’m in the shower.” I groaned, but she just laughed,
“Babe, Ive seen you naked. You came out of me, remember?” I cracked the door open to glare at her, but she just shrugged as she slid onto the counter by the sink. “We have the same body.”
“Mom.”
She shook her head as I closed the glass behind me. “I’m not leaving until you tell me. So you might as well cut the time in half. What’s your plan?”
I groaned and hit my head against the tile again. “I don’t honestly know.”
She hummed. “Well, let’s start with what did you need to say to the king?” I smiled at how she was avoiding saying his name.
“I need him to allow me to transfer to dad’s old pack lands.”
She tilted her head. “Why?”
“Because Brandon made a fool out of me last night and it is the perfect time to disappear. We can use it and the space to attack the rogues and get daddy’s pack situated back home. But the most important thing. We can use the closet to move people into the pack lands before the mating ceremony.”
1/4
Chapter 450
+25 Bonus
“Why would we need to do that?” My mom picked up my brush and started in on her wild mane.
“Because three days ago Shannon had the insane idea that the mating ceremony should be a masquerade, and I know she is stupid enough to run with it.”
“You have to be kidding me.” My mom laughed. “Of course she would call for that. She always had to be unique.” My mom shook her head. “She probably thought that if it was your mating ceremony, she could knock you out and take your place.”
I snorted. “Probably. But I think it was so ‘the brotherhood‘ could come too.”
“The brotherhood?” My mom shook her head. “Doesn’t matter. What about your father?”
I grabbed my shampoo. Nix, can you change back our scent a little more?
On it. She moved over to the clearing.
“I need to tell daddy to move people back to the pack, slowly.” I sniffed my strawberry shampoo and sighed. “And I want him to send someone to scout the cave, or send his magic in there to see if the rogues are still there.”
My mom pulled her phone out and put the call on speaker. “Hello dove.” My father’s voice rang through my bathroom. Great.
“Hello Gav.” Her voice was lower, almost sultry,, and I nearly gagged.
“Mom.” I groaned, causing her to chuckle.
“Baby?” My father sounded confused.
“Yeah, Amy is here with me, and she has a plan.” My mom started as I shut the water off. I popped my head out of the shower to ask for my towel.
“What’s the plan? About what?” He sounded confused.
My mom wiggled the phone towards me as I stepped out of the shower with the towel wrapped around me. I sighed as I grabbed for it. “Pushy.”
She laughed again. “You mispronounced helpful.” O
My dad blew out a breath. “I can’t wait to have you both back.” He sounded almost needy.
“Well…I guess I have a plan for that.” Then I laid out my idea.
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 451
Chapter 451
+25 Bonus
My father had hung up as soon as I was done explaining without saying anything. I looked at my mother who looked as confused as I felt. She pulled the phone back to her and furrowed her brow, and started typing. “What are you doing?” I pulled out my hairdryer and started in on my hair. I watched her out of the corner of my eye as I finished getting ready.
My mom kept typing on her phone and barely glanced up at me. “That was fucking rude.” She started typing again.
“What was?” I bent over to dry the underneath of my hair and all I heard was her clicking at her screen.
“He just hung up.” She tossed out and I snorted.
“You will get used to it.” I flipped back over and shut the dryer off. I grabbed some oil to scrunch out the cast on my hair. My mom looked at me and I laughed. “He does it all the time. He has the attention span of a goldfish. If he has a thought, he needs to deal
with it right away or he forgets it.”
My mom stopped typing. “But he wasn’t like this before.”
I finished my hair and turned to look at her. “Probably because he had you to talk to and to remind him. He doesn’t have that anymore.” I did some light makeup as my mom processed my words.
“Fucking hell.” She leaned against the mirror and I saw a look cross her face.
“Stop it.” I snapped at her.
She looked at me with wide eyes. “Stop what?”
I dropped the hand that was holding my eye liner and just looked at her. “Don’t play dumb with me. I know you and that look.” She blinked at me. “My father’s issues with remembering things is not on you. He found a way to work around it. It is not your fault that he has a short attention span. Rude or not, he figured it out. Stop trying to make this somehow your fault because you
left.”
She sighed. “But-”
“But nothing.” I went back to my makeup. “Your mate is a little forgetful, but that isn’t on you. Just like everything that happened after you left wasn’t on you. Everyone made choices with the information they had, and at the moment, it was the right decision.” I shrugged. “We can always work with the pack when we get back.”
My mom’s eyes lit up. “The pack?”
I nodded. “In a couple of days… you will be back home.” She was almost vibrating with her excitement. “But I need to go into work and get everything in place before we do.”
My mom settled at that. “Right. We also need to get the tents and everything in place.”
I thought about it for a second, but I shook my head. “No need.”
1/3
+25 Bonus
My mom tilted her head and watched as I finished my makeup. “Whey won’t we need it?”
“Because this plan has us moving quick. So we won’t need to have Rick’s and Alannah’s families in the yard. They won’t even be staying here.” 14y mom shook her head slowly, “What?”
“Unless you set up a should like you have here, Carly, Rick’s family and Alannah’s should stay here.” My mom jumped from the counter and turned to look at me in the mirror, “Vince will definitely be looking for them, and using magle to do so, We can’t
chance them being found in your father’s pack lands before we are ready.” D
She was right. “Fuck.”
“Burt” She held up her finger. “Lynn is ready.” My mom smiled, “I can’t say she is healed, because I don’t think that will ever happen, but she is ready to kill Derek Take her and Toya with you, leave everyone here with Wendy and me,” 
I turned to her, propping my hip on the counter. “But dad-”
“Can wait an extra few days. Keeping everyone safe and secure as we move in the shadows is the best. And Wendy and I can handle any rogues if they pop up.” thy mom leaned in to kiss me, “Focus on saving the kids, and getting Rick, Alannah and their families here. We can use Lynn’s, yours, and Toya’s room to house everyone. They will be safe, and you and your father can finish this.” I sighed and then nodded. I looked at the time and realized I had to go or else I would be late. I kissed my mom and ran from the room. “Make sure you grab breakfast.”
I chuckled as i slammed through the closet doors and down the stairs. I ran from the house, and instead of taking the car, I just shifted to run to the pack house. It will burn some energy and make it seem like I’m on edge.
Miz chuckled as I ran down the street. We are on edge
I snorted. Ain’t that the fucking truth.
Comments
###Next D 452
Chapter 452
I ran through the front door of the pack house, scaring the omega that was cleaning the front entry. She screamed as I slammed through, but I kept running until I made it to the office. Alannah was pale, shivering behind her desk. She looked at me with wide eyes, panic clear on her face. Rick’s door was closed, but Ternen was rubbing Alannah’s back in small circles. Something was
wrong.
I shifted back and I opened my office door, turning back to look at them, and nodding inside. Alannah was out of her chair before 1 could blink. I waited for Ternen to join us before I shut the door. I hugged Alannah and took a deep breath, but all I could smell
was Ternen’s rancid smell. I pushed them into the chairs across from me and sat at my desk, pulling out my laptop. “Good
morning.”
“Morning Amy.” Ternen tried to smile.
“You two look stressed. What can I do to help?” I typed out a message on the screen.
Amy–What is going on? You look like you are going to puke.
I turned the computer to Ternen and Alannah. “Nothing.” Alannah sighed. “Rick is just having a rough morning. Abby is really
sick and Vince came in a lot earlier. Something about needing to speak to him.” Alannah leaned in. “Are you still trying to organize his files?” Her eyes flicked to mine and I nodded.
“Yeah, I wanted you to look at the filing system. I wanted you to take a look and leave any notes you have on the notepad.” She
nodded and hunched over the keyboard. Ternen looked over at the computer and then turned back to me.
“I don’t know what that all is. Rick’s filing system haunts most of us omegas.” I could see that Ternen was trying his best to act
normal.
“I don’t doubt it. It’s insane.” I laughed with him until Alannah sat back and pushed the laptop back to me.
“It looks good, but I did tweak a few things.” She slid her fingers through Ternen’s and smiled.
I nodded and pulled it back to me. “How was yesterday? Were there any more breeches?”
Alannah nodded. “There were a few alarms when you were off.” She turned to Ternen and started explaining the security system in place while I read her message.
Alannah- Vince walked in first thing this morning. He stopped at my desk before Ternen came in and took a deep breath. Then he
just smiled at me and knocked on my desk. He was going to say something as Rick walked out.
But something is going on with Rick. Abby is really sick, and he was looking for you this morning. He was panicking. I think he’s
worried that she’s going to die.
I’m terrified Vince scented the baby. Ternen received a text a few minutes ago about a new posting at the border. And Rick and
Vince were screaming at each other less than ten minutes before you ran in.
1/2
+25 Bonus
Shit is happening and I don’t know what to do or think.
Help us.
I looked up from my screen, and I met her eyes. I smiled, and I did my best to reassure her. “These suggestions are great.” I sat
back and pulled the laptop into my lap. “I’m about halfway through digitizing his box of insanity.” Alannah forced a laugh, and I
smirked. “But I will add these into the system tonight.” I looked up as I shut the laptop. “You guys should come over for a
barbeque tonight.”
Alannah looked at Ternen. “Do we have anything we need to do tonight?”
Termen thought for a minute. “Just laundry.” He looked back at me and grimaced. “Our place doesn’t have a laundry, so we have
to go to the one on main.” Alannah turned to me with a pout.
“Sorry Amy.”
I smiled. “It’s okay. Why don’t you just bring your laundry over to my place and we can wash it while we have dinner?”
Ternen’s eyes widened a little. “Are you sure? It’s a lot.”
I nodded and swiped a hand through the air. “It’s totally fine.” I leaned on the desk. “To be honest, it’s been too quiet in the
house lately, so you two coming to do your laundry will be great.” I turned my desktop on. “When Rick is free, I’ll see if he wants
to bring Shelly and Abby and make it’s good night.”
Alannah nodded. “That sounds great. I know they have been worried about Abby. But maybe getting out for the night will help.”
I blew out a breath. “Maybe.” I looked at the clock. “I also don’t want to spring it on Shelly last minute.” I looked at Alannah. “I
know Rick is with Vince, but do you think you can call her and ask if she wants to come tonight? I won’t ask for an answer until
she talks to Rick, but this way she has a heads up and can get Abby situated for when he heads home.”
Allanah hopped up. “Of course.”
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 453
Chapter 453
+25 Bonus
I turned to the computer and started working for a few minutes before I sighed. I couldn’t put this off any longer. I turned to my laptop and opened it. I groaned as I hesitated. Alannah was at my door before I knew it. “Are you okay?”
I dropped my head back and banged in against the chair a few times. “Yeah… I just have to send a message to a friend and I’m…”
“Freaking out?” She looked at me with a smile.
“Is it that obvious?”
She nodded. “If you know what to look for…yeah. What’s the message about?” She leaned against the door frame, ready to help. I loved that about her.
I opened my mouth before my brain caught me to me. My mouth snapped shut before I blurted out the truth. “I have to message the king, and that in itself is stressful. Bt I also promised my friend I would message her…and I know she is going to ask about the mating ceremony.”
“What about it?” Alannah came in and sat.
I looked behind her and then back at her. “Ternen?”
She sighed. “Went to his job for his last day before his new placement at the wall.” She sounded devastated. I just nodded. “Also,
before I forget. Shelly and Abby are happy to come over to your place tonight. Shelly told me to tell you she will make a potato
salade.” I opened my mouth, but Alannah was already shaking her head. “Before you start, she already told me to tell you she has already started the potatoes and you can’t tell her no.”
Well fuck. “Seriously?” She smiled and nodded.
“So that’s one thing you can cross off. No talking to Shelly.” She snorted at the look I gave her. “So the king? Why do you need to
message him?”
I sighed. “I’m guessing you haven’t heard.”
She shook her head. “Heard what?” I heard Rick’s door open, and I knew it was my time. I forced tears to my eyes and Alannah
leaned in. “Amy? Are you okay?”
I heard soft footsteps creep closer. I shook my head and sniffled. “No.”
She stood and came around the desk. “What happened?”
I let a tear fall, and the saltiness hit the air. “Brandon…” I shook my head and squeezed out a second tear.
“Amy.” She wrapped her arm around me.
I wiped at my face. “He was cheating on me with my sister.”
She gasped. “No.”
1/3
Chapter 45
I nodded. “I figured it out a few weeks ago. But I was willing to look past it.”
+25 Bonus
“Why?” Alannah dropped to her knees beside me and I heard a faint growl from outside the office. Vince apparently didn’t like her questioning that. “Why would you allow someone to treat you like that?” She grabbed my hand. “You are so amazing, and strong. You deserve to be treated like a queen.”
Nix preened with her words. She is right about that; you know. We deserve to be treated as a queen.
Megan laughed. You are a queen.
What are you talking about? I shook my head. “I’m no queen.
Alannah scoffed. “You are strong, resilient, and an alpha. A born leader. You are a queen, just not the queen.”
See. Nix snorted as she pranced around the clearing. She sees things perfectly clearly.
“I gave my word to mate with him…but I just can’t anymore.” There was a soft intake of breath outside my door.
“What happened?” Alanah patted my hand.
“He showed up after I asked him multiple times to handle Shannon. I kept telling him she loved him and that she was telling everyone around the pack that they were going to mate. I didn’t want to hurt her. But I also didn’t want his reputation to take a hit.”
Alannah puffed up her cheeks. “You are better than I am.”
“What do you say that?”
Alannah looked around, not realizing Vince was outside. “If it was me….and someone other than Brandon.” I snorted. “I would have walked away as soon as I found out. Vow or not. He wouldn’t deserve my time, my acceptance, or my love. And even if Brandon is my alpha or soon to be alpha, he doesn’t deserve you.” She looked up at me and I could see her sincerity. “If he doesn’t love you enough to stay faithful before you’re mated, he won’t stay faithful when you are.”
I let out a tiny sob. “I know you are right. I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt. He slept with my sister, and I know I was saving myself for our mating night, but he couldn’t wait?” I shook my head.
“Oh, Amy.” She pulled me into a hug.
“I can’t stay here anymore.” I shook my head and then pulled away to look at her face. “I’m requesting to transfer back to my father’s pack again. At least the ability to look at the pack lands and see if it’s safe.”
Comments
###Next D 454
Chapter 454
Allanah pulled back, but I heard footsteps walk away from the door. Good. “Is that safe?” She looked scared for me but I just
smiled.
“I can’t stay here.”
Alannah sighed. “What if the king says no?” I wanted to smile because I knew she was asking for the cameras.
“Then I transfer to Toya’s pack.” I pulled back fully and wiped my face. “Or another pack. Anywhere but here.” I blew out a breath. “I’m okay. Go see if Rick is free yet, and if he is, can you send him in? I’m going to put on my big girl pants and send off
my message and then call the king.”
Alannah stood. “If you are sure you are okay…” She hesitated.
I nodded. “I am.” I wiped my face again. “I can’t mope around all day and cry about my shitty luck. I need to do something about
it.”
She watched me for a second before nodding and then walking out of my office. I turned back to my laptop and pulled up Thoth’s
message again.
NixtheGoddess: Hey… I need to talk to you if you have a minute.
I waited for a few minutes, but there was no answer. I shut the laptop and turned to my work computer. I started going through the alerts, clearing any issues in the system as if it was just another day. I got a notification that I had a meeting added to my schedule. I tilted my head and barely contained my smirk as I clicked on it and realized it was with Vince. The note on it said we
needed to discuss the final details of the mating ceremony.
I snorted and accepted it as Rick knocked. “Hey.” He looked exhausted. “Alannah told me you wanted to see me.”
I looked up at him for a minute and nodded. “You looked like shit.”
He threw his head back and laughed. “Yeah.” He wiped at his eyes. “Yeah.” He walked in and sank into a chair. “I feel like shit.” His hand wiped at his neck and I saw him flinch a little.
I pretended not to notice. “Hopw’s Abby doing?”
He bent over. “She isn’t doing well. She was up all night getting sick, and she has a pretty high fever.” He looked up at me over the desk. “I don’t think she is going to last much longer. This sickness has just progressed too much.” He sounded so dejected.
“Hey. Don’t say that. She is still here.” He nodded, took a deep breath in and then sat back
“Enough about my bullshit. Why do you look like you have been crying all night?” His eyes tightened and I could barely scent that Brandon had just snuck into the outer office.
“Because I have been.” I looked off to the side.
1/4
+25 Bonus
“What happened?”
I dropped my head into my hands and sniffled. “Brandon was sleeping with Shannon. And then instead of telling her it was over and he wanted to mate me. Or telling me that he wanted her. He kept kicking the issue down the line until it blew up last night.”
He scoffed and shook his head. “Idiot. What happened?”
“He showed up at my house. But I told him to go away until the issue was handled.” I shook my head. “He didn’t listen, just tried to convince me I was foolish for demanding he deal with Shannon. He kept saying she wasn’t involved.”
Rick waved his hands. “That’s good, isn’t it?”
I laughed, but it was filled with so much anger. “You would think that, wouldn’t you?” But I just shook my head. “It might have
been if Shannon hadn’t showed up, and a crowd hadn’t gathered to see my entire relationship implode. Brandon is clearly still in
love with her. He refused to say that he wanted to be with me. He allowed Shannon to cut into our relationship, and that would be
bad enough if she was an alpha.”
Rick watched me for a second. “But she is unranked.”
I nodded. “Exactly.”
He shook his head. “That sucks.”
I laughed. “Yeah.” I wiped at my eyes for the camera. “But what can you do?”
He watched me for a second. “You’re leaving, aren’t you?”
I heard a chime from my laptop. But I focused on Rick. “How did you know?”
He stood with a sigh. “Because…it’s what I would do.” He turned and started towards the door, then hissed. “Fuck.” He turned.
“Alannah said you needed me. What did you want?”
I furrowed my brow and acted like I forgot. “Ummm.”
Alannah popped up at the door. Her eyes darting to the side. “Your dinner?”
I smacked the desk and pointed at her. “That’s right. I’m having a dinner tonight. Barbeque. You’re invited.”
He sighed. “I’m going to have to say no.”
Alannah sucked a breath through her teeth. “Shelly already said yeah, and is making her potato salade.”
Another chime came from my laptop. I opened it and looked to the screen.
Thoth- I need to speak with you too.
Well shit.
214
###Next D 455
Chapter 455
+25 Bonus
I sat staring at the screen with a pit in my stomach. It was foolish. I needed to speak with him. I needed to figure out my feelings before I did anything else. But seeing his words made me freeze…and panic.
“Are you okay?” Rick’s words snapped me back from the screen.
“Um, yeah. Just a message I need to respond to.”
He nodded. “When are you talking to Vince? About leaving?”
I sighed. “After I know where I’m going.” He nodded and stood.
“I guess I’ll see you tonight.”
I smiled. “See you tonight. I need to leave a little early to get everything I need for tonight.” He nodded, then left me alone in the
office.
I wanted to ignore Thoth’s message, which is stupid. I needed to face this.
You are panicking over a message? Nix sounded amused.
Megan chuckled with her. I think she is panicking more about what the message means.
But she messaged him first. Nix shook her head.
I laughed. They were both right. I shook my head as I turned back to the screen. The cursor flashing, waiting for my message.
NixtheGoddess: What do you need to talk to me about?
I hit send before I could think about it, and then I waited. I turned to my work computer, doing my best to look busy. I heard a new notification, and my stomach clenched as I turned to look at the screen. My stomach loosened when I realized it was from my father. Before I could read it, a stench hit my nose, just a tiny. I knew Brandon was creeping outside of my office, but I had thought he had left when Rick left, but no. He was still out there. I ignored him and clicked on my father’s message.
Deadmanwalking: King has agreed to move back to pack lands. You can move today.
NixtheGoddess: Are you ready to move? 
Deadmanwalking: Believe me when I say everyone is champing at the bit. I have Ronnie and Cas scouting the caves.
NixtheGoddess: WHAT? Cas is still so young.
Deadmanwalking: Yet she has quickly become our best tracker. You were right. I let a lot fall to the wayside when your mother left, but I have been sticking to their training and the girl has really stepped up.
I felt a little vindicated after he said that.
NixtheGoddess: Are they okay?
1/4
Chapter 455
+25 Bonus
Deadmanwalking: They are fine. They haven’t even gotten to the caves yet; they left a little while ago. But I figured you would
want to know. Anyway…
I furrowed my brow at the screen, and I was going to ask what was wrong. My father was never one to trail off. But Brandon
finally walked to my office door after standing outside long enough for his scent to creep fully into my office. I felt my face fall as
I looked up. There were two notifications that went off, but I shut the laptop screen and settled back into my seat, crossing my
arms.
“What are you doing here?” My tone was sharp to my ears, but I wasn’t going to pretend to care about this man anymore. That
part of this play was over. 
Brandon smiled and tried to come around the desk, but I let out a growl. His face fell. “Babe.” (1
Another growl was ripped from my throat. My voice fell lower. “I would think again before calling me that. Keep your distance. I
don’t want you anywhere near me anymore.”
Brandon’s eyes tightened and I could see he wanted to snarl, but he held it in check. “Why are you acting like this?” He sank into
the chair across from me. “I told you Shannon doesn’t matter to me.”
I snored. “You really think I’m fucking stupid, don’t you?” He stilled for a fraction of a second, but the damage was done. I threw
my head back and laughed. I laughed so hard tears had started to fall, but I just nodded. “I walked into that one. Of course you think I’m stupid.”
He drew in a deep breath, and I watched as his eyes dilated a little. “That’s not true.” He tried to sound so sincere, but even he
could hear the lie. “You smell…different.”
I raised my shoulder. “I went back to my old shampoo.” Another ding from my laptop drew his attention.
“What was that?”
“An email.” I tossed back. “But that isn’t important. What are you doing here, Brandon?”
He looked at me for a second, then puffed up his chest a little. “I came to apologize about last night.”
I waved him off. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
He smiled like he won. “Exactly, so we can just go back to being fine. Our mating ceremony is in a week and then we will be mates.” I stared at him for a minute, my eyes dancing all around his head. He started to squirm. “What?”
I gave a long blink. “I’m sorry, I was just checking to see if you got hit over the head.”
###Next D 456
Chapter 456 
+25 Bonus
I heard laughter from Rick out in the outer office. Brandon stood, lightening fast, and jumped over my desk. His fist hit my face a
few times before he was hauled off of me. My face was on fire. I was pretty sure he broke my cheek or eye socket.
Rick was grunting with the effort to hold him back. Alannah screamed and ran from the office, probably in search of someone.
But I just stood and started laughing. Both men froze when they heard my soft giggles. Brandon looked horrified when he looked
at my face. I assume it wasn’t because of him actually hitting me, so it might have been how my face looked. I just laughed.
Nix and Megan growled and I could feel them push power into me, but I stopped it. Not yet. I whispered to them.
Amy! Nix snapped. Let us heal you.
I sent them calming thoughts. I need photos first. I need proof.
Megan growled. Bullshit. Just let us heal you.
I shook my head. I will, just not yet.
Vince burst into the room and froze. “What’s going on?”
Rick let go of Brandon and stepped back. “Your son attacked Amy.”
Vince looked at me and winced. More for show than actual sympathy. He turned to Brandon. “You attacked your chosen mate?”
I snorted. “You seem to be just as brain dead as your son.” I felt something drip from my chin. I couldn’t tell if it was blood, tears,
or something else. But I just sank back into my chair.
Vince turned to me. “What happened?”
“I called off the mating last night. Brandon made his choice, and it wasn’t me. I hope Shannon and him have a long happy life, if he makes it past the inquiry.” 
Everyone in the office froze. Rick drew in a quick breath, but the sound was a little murky. He could have been just breathing normally. I shuddered as I felt something in my face shift. It was the most unnerving feeling. My side started to ache, and I didn’t know why. So I stretched and then screamed as a rib that I hadn’t realized was broken popped through my skin.
Rick rushed to my side. “Shit.” He grabbed my shoulder as I doubled over. I started laughing again, but that quickly turned into coughing. I looked up at Brandon and I smiled. Red painting my teeth. He recoiled.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Brandon looked at me with disgust, like he wasn’t the one who did this to me.
Rick dropped next to me. “Wrong with her? She was in here doing her job. What is wrong with you? You jumped an unarmed
female from your own pack with zero reason for the provocation.” Rick tried to lift me into the air and I swatted his hands,.
I laughed harder, coughing up more blood. “What’s wrong with me?” I tried to catch my breath. “I wouldn’t worry too much
about me. I’d worry about yourself.”
1/3 
Chapter 456
“What the fuck are you talking about?” He snarled, but Vince held him back.
I wiped my chin from the blood. “You attacked another wolf without a proper challenge or reason.”
Brandon screamed. “You fucking know why I hit you.” Vince turned on him.
“Shut the fuck up.” He turned back. “What happened?”
+25 Bonus
I stood, locking my knees so that I wouldn’t shake. Nix and Megan pushed a little more at me, but still I held them back. Please
guys, I have a plan.
“Your son happened.” Rick scoffed.
Vince rolled his eyes. “I can see that…I’m asking what caused him to attack you.”
I snorted, but I had to cut it off, because it hurt. “Is my nose broken?” I looked at Rick. He winced and then nodded.
“Yeah, it’s pretty bad. I think we need to get you to the infirmary. You aren’t healing properly.”
I nodded. “Makes sense. I haven’t been feeling well.” I groaned as I stood. The rib pushed out more, and I screamed again.
“What happened?” Vince stepped in front of me and I growled low. He raised his hands. “I’m sorry but I need to know before you
leave.”
I rolled my eyes, but I think it was lost, as they were pretty swollen. “As I said, your son chose a mate…it’s not me. But he tried to come in here and pretend that everything was still fine, like he hadn’t embarrassed me in front of the entire pack last night. I asked him if there was some kind of brain damage. Rick laughed. He attacked.” I turned to look at Brandon. “I don’t care if his feelings were hurt, or his pride was wounded. The king will be hearing about this.”
Brandon scoffed. “Like he is going to do anything., he won’t be alive much longer.”
###Next D 457
Chapter 457
I tilted my head and pretended I didn’t hear his low words. I turned to Rick. “Let’s go.” Vince opened his mouth, but I raised my
hand. “Are you refusing to allow me to see the pack doctor?”
Vince looked me over, and I could tell he was considering it. “I just want to make sure you are okay.”
I glared at him. “I’m sure. You can either allow us to pass. Or you can speak to the king about refusing to allow me to pass.” I waited for a second before I leaned in. “Or I will just command you to move.” My eyes met his, and I could see the burning hatred
in his eyes. We stared at each other for a few seconds before Brandon laughed.
He stepped closer. “Do you think you can command my father? Look at you. You can’t even heal. I was able to beat you into the ground, and you didn’t even fight back. You are weak. Weaker than we thought, obviously.”
I smiled. “Step back.”
“Or what?” Brandon snarled and raised another hand. Vince watched, probably interested to see how this was going to pan out.
“Get down on your knees and beg, and then maybe I’ll allow you to leave.” He stepped closer. “Maybe you could finally loosen up
and put that mouth to use.”
I could feel the command in his words, and I turned to Vince. “You are going to allow you son to bully people, still? Are you seriously going to stand there while he commands me to do that?” I shook my head, completely disgusted. “You haven’t learned
a thing.”
Brandon swung, and I released my aura. I steadied myself against the desk as the power struck out, causing everyone in the office to drop to their knees. I looked down at Brandon and I smirked. “Guess I’m still more powerful than you are.” I limped closer to him. “Brandon, I command you to never command another wolf until my command is lifted.” Brandon snarled. “One more fucking word and I’ll turn you mute.” His mouth snapped shut with a click.
Vince struggled against my aura for a second before he settled on to his knees. “You can’t do that. He’s an alpha. He needs to be
able to command wolves.” 
I struggled to breathe in. “Yeah, he lost the right when he couldn’t fucking hold on to his anger.”
“You have no right!” Vince screamed, but then settled.
“As his victim, who he just tried to sexually assault, in front of you, our alpha. I do. I won’t lift the command until the king makes his ruling.” I turned to Rick and pulled back my aura enough for him to stand. “Get me to the doctor.” Vince growled this time, and I turned back as Rick got to his feet. “One more word or growl from you and you will share his fucking fate.” Vince glared at me. “If you are smart, then you would keep him in line and no one will have to find out that the alpha to be can’t fucking command anyone.” I let the other option hang there unsaid.
“You wouldn’t.” Vince’s eyes tightened, and I allowed him to see my true face. I felt the pain, the anger, everything bleed out and
allowed the pool of rage to burn behind my eyes.
1/3
Chapter 457
+25 Bonus
I leaned in. “Try me. I know a ton of wolves who would leap at the chance to become the new alpha. Succession is given, but
battles for power are still a thing.” I limped closer. “Do you truly think Brandon is strong enough to stand in a battle for power? I
allowed him to attack me. Every hit was a choice.” I lowered myself to his level. “Your son hits like a bitch.”
Vince was smart enough to stay silent as I stared at him. “Go to the doctor and get checked out.”
I looked up at Rick, who came to my side. “Smart choice.” Rick helped me to my feet. “Let’s go.” I kept my aura up until we left
the office, and then I tucked it away.
“You stupid girl. You just put a target on your back.” He pulled me down the halls.
I chuckled. “I already had a target on my back. Now it’s just out in the open.” We swung outside, and I spotted Alannah running
back with a guard. Rick waved them over.
“The alpha handled it.” The guard looked at me for a second before nodding. He spun on his heels and left us there. Rick turned to
Alannah. “Go on home. Work’s done for the day.” Alannah looked back at me.
“Are you okay?”
I smiled. “I’m good. Go get ready for dinner.” I turned to Rick. “Get me to the doctor.”
He nodded and just lifted me into his arms. He ran the rest of the way, slamming through the door. “Doctor!” 
“Bring her over here.” I heard a man call, and then I was face to face with him. “I’m Dr. Carson. But call me Luke.”
SURPERISE GIFT: 3850 bonus free for you,activity time is limited!
###Next D 458
Chapter 458
Instantly I was back on the table, having this man cut my pup out of me. I growled so viciously that Rick paled. “Are you okay?”
His words were soft, and panicked. I stared at the doctor, who froze.
Luke raised his hands in surrender. “Hey, I know I’m new, but I’m just here to help.”
Nix scoffed. Eat him. 1
Megan laughed. But she shook her head. He’s innocent. Even back then, it was Brandon that alpha commanded him to hurt us.
I don’t care, he killed our pup. Nix snapped.
But he allowed us to hold him in the last seconds. I called back to her, and I watched as she settled.
Fine, but just this time. Nix stalked off into the trees and Megan followed.
I’ll watch over her. Send a call when we can heal you.
I turned my attention back to Luke. I felt my chest tighten as I remembered him covered in our blood. But I shook from the pain.
“It’s fine.” I whispered to Rick, and he laid me down on the table.
“What happened?” Luke got to work checking me over. “Rogue attack?”
I scoffed. Rick looked towards the door. “Alpha.”
THe doctor stopped and looked towards the door. “Where?”
I couldn’t help it. I laughed. “No, he means I was attacked by the alpha. Or the alpha to be, anyway.” Luke froze.
“Are you kidding me?” I shook my head and yelped from the pain. Luke’s face darkened. “I’ll be right back.” He walked out of the
room and I looked at Rick, who just raised a shoulder.
“I don’t have any clue.” He started to look antsy.
“What’s wrong?” I raised my eyebrow, and he blew out a breath.
“I’m just worried.” He looked at me and then back to the door.
It took a minute, but I clued in. “Go.”
He shook his head. “You’re hurt.” 
“I’m fine. You got me here.” I patted his arm. “I can do the rest myself.”
He looked back at me. “But-”
“But nothing.” I shook my head slow. “I know you’re worried about your family after helping me. Go.” I pushed him as hard as I 
could, but he turned to me and tried to hand me my bag. I looked up at him, confused.
1/4
Chapter 458
+25 Bonus
“While you were busy with Vince and Brandon, I grabbed your bag, laptop, and phone.” He placed it on my bed beside me. “I figured you would want these with you.” He was looking at me in such a way I knew he really meant he knew I wouldn’t want
Vince to get his paws on them. 1
I nodded. “Thank you.”
He nodded. “Dinner?”
I cracked a smile. “Is still on.”
He nodded, then turned. “Stay safe.”
I pulled my phone out. “You too.” I sent him a text in code. Telling him to take Shelly and Abby to the house, and gave him my back door code. He checked his phone as he walked out. Rick turned, caught my eye, and he gave a tiny nod before he waved. Then
he was gone.
I laid down on my bed and waited for the doctor to return. Nix was still on edge. I could hear her deep in the woods, but at least I 
could call for my wolves if anything happened.
Luke walked back into the room and I felt my body tense. He must have caught me, because he slowed down and raised his hands again. He waved the phone in his hand. “I just went to get my phone. If you’re okay with it, I would really like to take pictures, so I
can include it with my report to Rowan.”
My eyes grew wider. “Rowan?”
He nodded. “The king. I trained to be a doctor in the royal pack. All doctors do.” He came closer. “Can I document this?”
I nodded. “Will you send this directly to him?”
He nodded. “Yeah. I took a little longer grabbing my phone because I already called him. He’s expecting the pictures.”
I sighed and then nodded. “Great. Just what I need.” I sighed. “Go ahead.”
He took pictures of my face from different angles. And then checked my face. He clicked a button and then started talking. “Patient has a broken cheek. Possible broken occipital bone, both eyes have broken blood vessels. Nose is broken, in what looks to be three spots.” He hissed as he checked my lip. “Split lip.” He pulled away. “Is there anything else?”
I nodded. I nodded to my side. “I’d love to help, but I have a rib sticking through my side.”
He cursed, put the phone down on the bed, and grabbed some scissors. He slowly cut my shirt away from me. Then he started talking to himself again. “Patient has her six and seventh ribs protruding through her skin.” He sniffed near the hole. “She’s also bleeding into her lung.” He turned back to me. “Why aren’t you healing? Do you know if you have ingested wolfsbane?”
I heard a soft growl, but my head was pounding, so I just hushed Nix. “No wolfsbane.”
“Is that Amy?” I heard a faint voice, but my brain caught up to all the pain. The darkness took me before I could answer.
2/4
###Next D 459
Chapter 459
I woke to see Luke standing over me, and I screamed. I pushed back, surprising both of us. He dropped the scalpel that was in his hands, and the nurse goddess forgive her dropped the tray she was carrying.
“Whoa there.” Luke raised his hands a little more. “You passed out from the pain.”
I settled against the bed. Wrong life. My hand drifted to my flat stomach. There is no pup here. I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths. “Sorry.” I shook my head to clear it, but pain exploded behind my eyes and I dry heaved.
“No apologies needed. You have been through a lot.” He turned and grabbed a new scalpel, then he stepped up to my bedside. The nurse rushed back in with a new tray and the old one was left on the ground.
“Don’t you need to grab all of that?”
The nurse nodded. “I’ll grab it after.” She dropped the tray on the bedside table.
“We have great healing, but werewolf or not, the royal doctor taught us to keep our sterile field.” Luke put the scalpel down on
the tray, next to everything else. “Now. I have to cut the skin around your ribs.”
“Why?” My voice was riddled with suspicion, but Luke just smiled softly.
“You aren’t healing fast, but you are still healing. Your skin healed around the bone. I have to cut the skin from the bone, push it
back into place, stitch the wounds with dissolvable stitches and then bind your ribs in place.”
I shuddered. Nix came running out of the forest. Just let us heal you. She screamed at me, and I felt guilty, but I sent her calming
thoughts.
Not yet. I need to look shattered tomorrow. As soon as we leave, we can heal. She growled.
This is stupid. As soon as the doctor pushes our ribs in, I’m healing them. And the bleeding. She snarled, daring me to fight her,
but I just chuckled.
Wait until I limp out of here and back to the office and deal.
She scoffed and then turned away from me. Stupid humans, and their stupid plans,
I looked up at Luke, and I nodded. “Do it.”
He hesitated. “I would really like to give you something to knock you out.”
I shook my head. “I’ll be fine.”
He swallowed and grimaced, but nodded. “Your funeral.” He looked to the nurse. “I need you to hold her on her side, and no
matter what…do not let her move.”
The nurse looked at me and then back to the doctor. “I’ll do my best.” She looked back at me. “This is going to hurt, but please,
don’t fight me. I’m not strong.”
1/4
I laughed and then nodded. “I’ll do my best.” Then the nurse grabbed me by my shoulder and hip and rolled me. The pain was blinding, and I screamed as she forced me into the position the doctor needed. Breathing became hard, and my vision flickered. “Sorry. I‘ am so sorry.” She whispered to me.
Luke took another breath, and then he put a hand on my side. “Take a deep breath and blow it out.” He waited for me to do it.
“Good, focus on your breathing. I want to say that this will help, but I won’t lie to you.” I nodded once and closed my eyes to focus
on my breathing.
That worked for maybe a minute before he sliced into me. The pain turned from a burning hot pain to being the center of the
universe. My vision was gone, my breathing was ragged intakes that my body forced me to take. The burning hot pain was like a
million insect bites. The burning of silver. I white hot poker being pressed into my side.
He leaned in. “It’s okay to scream. Just don’t move.”
I shook my head. “If I start I won;t stop.‘
I could feel his eyes on me, but I couldn’t actually tell. But then he just blew out another soft breath. “That’s fine. Scream. I don’t
mind, and neither does Jenn here.”
“No Miss Amy, I don’t care.” She was a sweet girl, even if she was older than me.
“See. Just scream.”
“Why?” I stuttered out through clench teeth.
“Because you are holding your breath, some long enough to turn purple. And this way, I know your breathing. And honestly. Your jaw is clenched so hard that I’m worried you might break it. Let it out. We won’t judge you.” I shook my head again. He sighed. “I haven’t even freed one bone. You are tensing up and it’s about to get a lot worse.”
I cracked open my eye, and it burned, but I could see. I looked at him and he was very serious. “If I start…” I tried again.
“Then you scream, and we listen.”
I shook my head. “I’ll cry.” I shuddered. “If I scream, I’ll cry.”
He shook his head. He nodded to the nurse, who covered my face with a sterile cloth. “No one will even know.”
###Next D 460
Chapter 460
His next slice was deeper, and the pain was back. This time, I didn’t hold back. I drew in a breath and screamed. I screamed the pain out; I screamed my anger out. I swore to the goddess, to my father, to my mother. I swore to my ancestors. I swore so much the nurse giggled.
The tears fell. I don’t know why these tears mattered…but they did. But there was no way I could hold them in. And it wasn’t the pain that was causing them. I don’t know if it was just release. Or a purging of all the bullshit I have had to endure these last few years. But somehow, all of my rage was bleeding out with these tears. The pure anger I had cooped up for my dad, for Rowan.
For myself.
Everything poured out of me, and by the time Luke pulled away, I was cracked open, bleeding but focused. I knew everything I
had to do.
“We’re done.”
I furrowed my brows. “My ribs?”
Luke laughed. “Already in place. Stitches too. We just have to wrap your chest and you should be ready to head home.” He turned
to the nurse. “I’m going to wash up and grab a wrap. Can you wipe her down?” He turned to me. “I’ll be back with an extra shirt
for you.”
“Thank you.” He helped me up, and the nurse used the buttons on the bed to sit me up.
“You are welcome.” He looked pointedly at my bag. “You received quite a few phone calls and notifications while you were out
cold or screaming. You have a few minutes to answer while Jenn cleans up our mess and gets the stuff to clean you up.”
I nodded my thanks. Jenn leaned in. “You did amazing.” I smiled and just leaned against the bed, trying to catch my breath. I
waited for a second before I pulled my phone out of my bag. There were a few calls, but Rowan’s name surprised me. I don’t know
why.
It’s been a long time since he’s called. Nix stalked out of the trees. I could tell she was pissed at me, but at least she wasn’t
screaming at me anymore.
Megan walked out behind her. It’s also because this is the first interaction since you read the letters.
I can’t even think about the letters right now. I rubbed my eyes. I did not want to make this call, but I needed him to send his
permission anyway. I stared at the screen for another minute before I sighed. A ding from my laptop gave me another reason to
stall. I pulled it out and opened it.
Thoth: I’ve been thinking a lot and I really think we need to meet in person.
My stomach clenched at the thought. I would really want that…but I don’t have time.
Thoth: Hello?
1/4
Thoth: For fuck’s sake Amy…why aren’t you answering now?
My father’s messages were next.
Deadmanwalking: Hey I just wanted to let you know I got permission from the King. We just need an excuse to get you out of
there with the information.
Deadmanwalking: Where the fuck are you? Rowan got a call from a doctor in the pack and said he thought he heard you as the patient. Are you hurt? What happened?
Deadmanwalking: Talk to me, baby girl, before I call you.
I winced at the desperation in his words. I heard a distant ringing. Someone was calling the clinic. I felt my phone vibrate again and I closed my laptop without answering. They could wait. My mom’s name was on my screen, so I answered the call.
“Amy! What the fuck is going on? Why have you been ignoring my calls?” She was holding back.
I swallowed past a lump in my throat. “Brandon attacked me.”
She quickly inhaled. “I’m coming.”
“Mom.” I heard her call out.
“Toya! Brandon attacked Amy. I’m running to the pack.”
“What!” Toya, Wendy and Carly all screamed, and I winced. Oh fuck.
“Mom!” I called again.
“What!” She screamed as I heard her start running.
“You can’t.” She grunted. “Don’t ignore me. You can’t show up. First, because you are across the country.” I pushed, reminding her that people were listening. “Second, because the surgery is already done.”
“Surgery!” She shrieked.
“And last, because I have to do everything tonight. I have a dinner planned.”
She panted. “Are you dumb?” I chuckled. “No, I seriously want to know. I didn’t think I raised someone as stupid as you to think
that when my daughter is hurt, I wouldn’t come back.”
I shook my head like she could see me. “I’m not dumb. I am a grown woman who knows what she is doing. I refuse to leave this
pack with my mother, like I am being chased out of here. I will walk out of here with a straight back and a kiss my ass attitude.”
###Next D 461
Chapter 461
There was silence on the line. Then she sighed. “Fine, but you netter be heading here tonight.”
“I am, I promise.” I sighed.
“What’s wrong?” Like a light switch, her anger was gone, and it was replaced by her worry.
“I have to call the King.” I felt the pit in my stomach open.
“Oh, sweetie.” I could feel her amusement through the phone, but she kept it in check. “It will be fine. You act like you are
walking to your execution.”
I rubbed my eyes and pinched my nose. “Because I am. Do you not remember the other night?”
“I do, and I think you are going to be perfectly fine.” She sighed. “I love you. Make the call. Go see Vince. Wrap up your work and
then come home.”
“Will do.” I sighed. “Love you.” Then I hung up the phone. I looked at my call log and grimaced. I saw Rick’s name and jumped at
the chance. I dialed him.
“Hey…is everything okay?” He sounded worried, but also out of breath.
“Yeah…are you okay?”
“Yeah.” He blew out a breath. “Got an alert. Someone is hacking into the system. So I’m getting my shoes on to head back to the
office.”
“Please daddy, stay.” I heard the soft cough from Abby and my heart clenched.
“I’ll do it.”
He scoffed. “You are in the hospital.”
I put the phone between my shoulder and my chin. “I’m done. They are bandaging me upright as we speak. I’ll handle the breech,
I’ll have enough time to get there.”
He was considering it. “Fine. When you are done, wrap up any open tickets you might have, and then forward me the rest. I
assume you are leaving tonight?”
I grinned. “Right after our dinner. But I have a few odds and ends to tie up around here first. How much time do you think I’ll
have before it’s critical?”
He paused for a few seconds. “An hour or two. But the faster you get there, the better.”
“Of course.” I pushed my laptop into my bag as a plan formed in my mind. “I have to run for a few things for dinner, and if I
handle work first, I won’t be able to get it all done.”
1/4
“Fine, just make sure you message me when you’re finished.”
“Will do, boss man. Hey…Can you grab Alannah and Ternen for the dinner? They are coming over to do laundry.”
He snorted. “Yeah.” Then he sighed. “I think I’ll miss you.”
I laughed then. “I know.” I hung up and then the nurse walked in. She had been flitting in and out, cleaning up with blood, tray,
and floor, while I was talking to Rick and my mom.
“Are you ready?” She nodded to my blood covered chest. She squinted. “We had to cut your bra…so the doctor handed me a top
for you. He figured you would be more comfortable with me handling this part.”
I nodded. Smart man. “It’s fine.” I waved her over and then hissed. “But I thought he was going to wrap me.”
She nodded. “I’m going to clean you up and I found an extra tensor for your chest. He will come in after you’re fully covered
again.” She coughed. “He’s been forbidden from seeing you without being covered.” She looked up and smiled. “Someone called
the office a minute ago and demanded it.”
I groaned. “Oh, gods.” She giggled. “Do you mind if I take a call while you do this?”
She smiled. “Go ahead. Luke got yelled at enough that I figured as much.”
I groaned again. “Man.” I grabbed my phone and hit Rowan’s name and clicked speakerphone.
When he answered, he was calm…too calm. “Hello Amy.”
“My King, you are on speaker and we are not alone.” I got that out before he let out a slow growl. “I’m assuming you heard I was
attacked?”
He chuckled, but it was dark. “Oh. You assumed right.” His voice was a deep rumble.
“Well… I guess you already know. So we can skip that.” I tried to move on, but he let out a small growl.
“No.”
“No?” I stopped short.
“No. We are not glossing over your attack. What happened?”
I felt my mouth drop open, and the nurse laughed. I glared at her, but she just shrugged. “He wants to know.”
“See…who is that?” He asked.
“Jenn Morals. I’m Alpha Amy’s nurse.”
“See Amy. Jenn understands. So just tell me.”
I rolled my eyes, but blew my lips. “Fine. Brandon was cheating on me with Shannon. She told the pack that our mating ceremony, in a week, was actually theirs. I told him to figure out who he wanted to be with. They both came to my house last night, and in front of the pack, he sided with her. Then he showed up in my office and pretended like it had never happened. I
2/4
simply asked him if he had brain damage. Rick, my boss, laughed. He lept across the table and attacked me.”
###Next D 462
Chapter 462
The silence was thick on the other side of the phone. The nurse pulled me forward, and I grunted. “What’s wrong? What’s happening?” Rowan sounded slightly panicked.
The nurse snickered. “I moved Amy forward so I could clean up her back and then wrap her chest.”
“Wrap her chest?” He sounded confused. “Why are you wrapping her chest?”
I dropped my head but the nurse just smirked. “When we cut away her top so we could get to her ribs. We also had to cut away her
bra. So for her privacy, this was the solution.” There was a soft intake on the other side of the phone. But then she kept going.
“Also because someone called the clinic and yelled at the doctor. He didn’t want to chance anything to be misconstrued. The
doctor was clearly afraid of whoever called.” The nurse wiggled her eyebrows at me at the silence on the other end. She nodded to
the phone with her lips. I shook my head but I couldn’t stop the smile. She winked. “I’m wrapping her chest so he can come in
here and properly wrap her ribs.”
There was another awkward silence for a moment. Then he coughed. “Well, as long as Amy is taken care of.” There was another
silence.
I coughed this time. The nurse giggled again. “Lift your arms as high as you can so we can tuck these away.”
I laughed at that. “My king.” I shook my head as Jenn blushed. “I hoped that because of the broken mating agreement, and this
attack, you would give me permission to transfer out of this pack by midnight tonight?”
His voice was soft. “I’ve missed that.” 1
I furrowed my brow. “I asked if I could-”
“I heard you.” He interrupted me. “Yes. I will give you permission to transfer. What pack are you transferring to?” He asked, but I
knew he knew.
“I would like your permission to take the chance of going back to my father’s pack lands.” The nurse paused for a second before
finishing.
“I’m done here. Call when you are done.” Jen pushed the call button into my hand. She helped me lie back against the bed with a
hiss. Then she left me alone with a soft click.
“Do you think that’s wise?” He sounded genuinely curious.
“It’s the only option my wolves agree with me. We could go to Toya’s pack, but she will be our alpha…”
“And you are stronger than she is.” He finished.
“Yeah.”
“Nix will force you to take over.”
1/4
“And I wouldn’t want to do that to Toya.” He sighed. “I’ll be safe. I’ll scope it out first. See if there is recent rogue activity.” He snorted. “I swear. If there is, I’ll transfer to another pack.”
He was silent for a few minutes. “Fine.”
“Can you possibly send a letter with the approval to my office fax?”
“Why?”
“Because if you send it just to Vince, he will say he never received it. Then spend the next week trying to convince me to still marry his son.”
He growled, but then agreed. “Okay. I’ll send it to your office now.”
“Actually. Could you wait?”
He groaned. “Why?”
“Because I need to get there first.” Obviously.
Nix chuffed out a laugh. He’s a man, he isn’t that smart.
Or… Megan cut in. Maybe he is just so blown away by speaking with you, he isn’t thinking straight.
I snorted. But he laughed too. “Yeah, I didn’t think of that.” He knocked once on a table. “Yeah, just text me when you get there
and I’ll send it to you first. Then I’ll send it to Vince.”
“Thank you, my king.” He disconnected before I could say anything else. I sighed, then pushed the call button.
Luke and Jenn walked in. “All done.” I just nodded. “Perfect. Let’s get you wrapped and out of here.” He grabbed the tensor and
started to wrap. “We just need them to stay in place until whatever is in your system clears out, so you heal properly.”
I nodded. “Thank you.”
.
He came around to face me. “Jenn told me you are planning ongoing back to the office today?” I nodded. “I need you to be extra
carefully. You are still bleeding internally, and your ribs are really fragile. One wrong move and it’s going to pop out of the skin
again.”
I nodded. “I understand. But I need to.” He looked at me for a second before nodding.
“Okay.” He held out his hand, and Jenn came up to the other side of me. “Then let’s get you up.”
I puffed out my cheeks as I slid to the side of the bed, then I got to the edge. “Wait.” Jenn grabbed something from the bed and
then slid it over my head. “Your shirt.” She helped me move my arms into the sleeve while I growled. “There you go.” Then they
helped me get to my feet.
And then I puked.
###Next D 463
I limped into the pack house. Every step was a struggle because 1 still refused Nix and Megan’s offer to heal me. I needed to smell of antiseptic and blood.
You are as dumb as Rowan is. Nix growled as I forced myself up the stairs. I walked slower than I needed to, but I really needed the pack to start gossiping.
An omega came over and offered his hand. “Thank you, Jeffrey.” I gasped as he walked me up the stairs.
His smile was soft. “You remembered my name?”
I smiled back at him. “Of course I did. You brought me my lunch a few times.” He nodded. “Why wouldn’t I remember your name, then?”
“Most Alpha’s wouldn’t.” He whispered it, like it was a secret.
I just laughed. “I’m not like other alphas.” The laugh forced me to pause, so I could cough. Blood spewed from my mouth but I wiped it off with my shirt.
“Are you okay?” His voice was soft, worried.
I nodded. “I just need to get to my office to get the last of my work done.”
“Last of your work done? Are you going somewhere?”
I nodded again and then started up the stairs again. I let my chin wobble a bit. “I am. I got approval to transfer out of the pack.” He gasped beside me.
“Why?” His hands tightened on me. “I know the omegas here were looking forward to having you as our luna. And now you’re leaving?”
I sighed and took a pause as we made it to the top of the stairs. “I can’t stay here, Jeffrey. Shannon is going to be your luna and I can’t stay here and watch it happen.” I was laying it on thick, but I needed him to spread it around.
“When are you leaving?” His question was pained.
I blinked, forcing a tear to drop. “Tonight.” I turned to him. “Can you do me a favor?”
“Anything.” He smiled sadly at me.
“Can you tell the pack? If anyone wants to say goodbye to me, they can stop at the house. I’m having dinner with Rick and Alannah. But anyone can stop in. If you could tell the parents of the pups. I used to help with their class and I want to say goodbye to them.” 
He nodded. “It would be my pleasure.” We started to the office. I was completely worn out by the time we got there. “Amy?” Jeffrey hesitated as I shuffled to my desk and sank into the chair.
“Yeah?” I sighed as I closed my eyes to breathe for a moment.
“It’s been a pleasure to serve you.” My eyes snapped open as he bowed. He bent at the waist and almost hit his head on the comer of my desk as he came up. “I hope this move will give you everything you ever wanted.”
I felt the burn of real tears as I smiled at him. “Thank you, Jeffrey.” He turned and left me alone in computer. I pulled my laptop out and got ready. I connected my laptop to the desktop with an ethernet cord, and then once everything was ready, I started the
my office. I had to force the tears away as I booted up my program: I created with the backdoor password. Once it was running, I turned back to the office computer to fight off the attacks.
“Shit.” I realized I forgot to send Rowan a text. I quickly pulled out my phone and sent a quick I’m here text, then got back to work
I pushed out the attackers pretty quickly, so when the fax came in I hobbled over to the machine to grab it. I had just folded it up when I heard a smash from above. I smirked as I stumbled my way back to my desk
I sank into my chair with a sigh and looked at the screen. The laptop had made it to the mainframe, and was now copying everything. I smiled, but my victory was short–lived as another attack started.
I was bent over the keyboard when Vince stormed into the outer office. Panic bubbled below the surface as I looked at the laptop and saw that it was only about halfway done.
“Where is she?” He screamed, assuming Rick was in the office.
My eyes danced from the door to the screen. Fifty–seven percent, Fuck
The door slammed open to Rick’s office, and there was a silence. I moved my laptop closer to my work computer, so the screen was completely hidden from the doorway right before the door opened.
“Hello.” I called out. My eyes stayed focus on the screen, as if the attack was harder than it actually was.
Vince stared silently at me. “You are here?”
I looked down at myself and then back up at him. He flinched when he saw my face. “Yeah…”
###Next D 464
Chapter 464
He watched me for a few minutes. “I thought you were in the hospital.”
I nodded. “I was, but then someone was trying to hack into our mainframe, and I needed to wrap up the tasks assigned to me.” 
Vince’s eyes tightened. “Why? You should be home, healing.”
I glanced up from my computer, my eyes grazing past the laptop screen. Seventy percent. “I think we both know why I want to tie up my loose ends.” I stared at him for a minute before going back to the computer.
He coughed. “I don’t think I do.”
I snorted. A fresh attack started, but I kept my eye on Vince as he settled across from me. “You can pretend to be dumb with anyone else, Vince, but I know the truth. The king sent you my transfer request. We both know that he did.”
He stared at me for a few minutes. “I don’t know that.” He stared at me. “But let’s say that he did.” He raised his hand as I opened my mouth. “I said let’s pretend. What if I got rid of the request? What then?”
I sighed. “Honestly?” He nodded. “You want me to pretend that nothing happened?” He raised a shoulder.
“I didn’t say that.” He sighed. “Look, obviously Shannon isn’t an option as I mate. You are the girl I want for Brandon. He loves you. He is just confused.”
I stopped and turned to face him. “He’s confused?” Vince nodded. “Vince, he made a fool out of me. I’m an alpha and in front of our entire pack, he chose her.” He opened his mouth, but I raised one hand, stopping him. “You can pretend he didn’t, but he did. The rumors are already flying.” He deflated.
Vince stared at me. “It’s not that bad Amy.”
I laughed. “Have you heard what the pack is saying? As an Alpha…could you deal with the disrespect you are asking me to deal with?” He stood up and started to pace. I glanced back at the computer screen and caught it stalled at seventy–three percent. Shit.
“If I loved my mate enough, I would be fine.” He tried to placate me, but his words just made me laugh.
“Bullshit. Don’t lie to me. If your mate picked another male in front of the entire pack-
“He didn’t do that.” He interrupted.
I sighed. “Fine, if you asked your mate to decide between you and an unranked male that was obviously trying to take your place, and she refused to decide so she didn’t hurt the unranked male. What would you do and be honest?”
He stared at me for a second before he slunk back to the chair. “I wouldn’t be able to do it.”
“Exactly.” I sat back and sighed when I realized the d******d finally moved. Eight two percent. It back to the desktop when another alert lit the screen.
There was another attack. “Fuck.”
“What?” Vince perked up.
“Nothing. Another attack.” I started typing, keeping one eye on the laptop and Vince. I started to push back the attack while not interfering with the d******d. It was a hard balance.
“Another attack?” He shifted in his seat.
I nodded. “I came here to finish up my work and to push back a an attack that I was under way when I got here.” 
“Where is Rick?”
“He helped me to the hospital, but then went home to check on,
Abby
efore coming back here. She isn’t doing well.”
I saw anticipation light his eyes, but then it was gone. “Oh, that’s unfortunate.”
I nodded, then tensed when he stood up. “Is there anything I can do?”
I shook my head. I turned to face him. “No. Thankfully, it’s not hard to push them back.” He started to walk around the desk. I looked at him and raised my eyebrow, which had him stopping with a grin on his face. My eyes landed on the laptop screen for a second. Ninety–three percent. Come on! “Do you know anything about coding or hackers?”
Ninety–five.
Vince knocked on my desk, bouncing from foot to foot at the corner as he thought about his answer. “I’m not great, but I know enough.” He laughed a little as he stared at me. I blocked another attack and glanced at Vince. He looked like he was trying to decide if he should come closer. “Amy…is there anything I could do or say that would get you to change your mind?” He started around the side of the desk.
Ninety–nine percent.
growled, making him pause, “You are asking me to convince my wolves to settle for a male that doesn’t want me.” But he sighed and walked around the desk. He glanced at my laptop, but the screen was just the desktop. “I am just trying to find a solution that doesn’t have you leaving.”
###Next D 465
Chapter 465 
My heart wanted to race, but I had to focus on keeping it beating regularly. If I allowed my body to react in any way, Vince would know something was up. I nearly jumped to my feet when Vince started around the desk, but then the d******d flashed complete and the screen reverted to the regular desktop as he looked at it. I nearly cried in relief.
“Vince.” My voice wavered from the adrenaline coursing through me. I clear my throat. “I have to leave. There is nothing else to do. Brandon attacked me. Nix will refuse to bend the knee, something I am sure you realize.” I swiveled in my chair and allowed the next attack to go unanswered as I focused on him. The screen lit up the side of my face as the attacker breeched a new firewall. “We both know he landed the attack because I refused to engage.” I allowed the rage enter my eyes. He attacked me without provocation. I won’t let that happen again.” My voice was eerily calm. “The next time he tries to lay a hand on me, I will kill him. And I won’t feel an ounce of regret.”
Vince stepped back at that. “You can’t mean that.” He tried to smile. “You love him.”
I laughed then at his absurd excuse. “I would gut him quicker than you could interfere. And I would piss on his body.” The calmness was back. I felt my eyes shift.” Do you think I should allow a weaker wolf to abuse me? A weaker wolf to step on me?” Nix voice combined with mine. “Do you think I would allow the wolves in my pack to think it is okay to abuse their mates because they got laughed at? Are you that fucking foolish? Or it is because your mate allows you to fucking around, behind your back that you value the mate bond so fucking little?” Our rage was unmatched, and I was barely hanging on by a thread.
Nix and Megan raged inside of me. How fucking dare he fucking come here and demand we stay here? Nix was snarling.
Megan dug her nails into the ground. He is as stupid as his son is.
“I care about my mate.” Vince tried to fight back, but I just glared at him. “What?”
“You can pretend that the entire pack doesn’t know how you fuck anything that moves behind your mate’s back, but I’m tired of pretending.” My voice had zero inflection. All of my anger, my pain, I packed it away.
“HEY!” He stumbled forward, but I just growled, stopping him.
I pushed myself up, painfully. “Don’t fucking hey me!” I snarled. “Look at me! He broke my nose, blackened my eyes, broke my cheekbone and eye socket. I had two ribs coming out of my side. My lungs are half filled with blood and I am sure I missed something.”
“You are a wolf!” He snarled back.
“Yeah, and I’m not healing, am I?” I screamed back, and he froze.
I watched him do a slow blink, eyes dancing over my body. “Why aren’t you healing?”
wwww X
“That’s an excellent question, Alpha. What could stop a wolf from healing?” I shot back. I sank back into my chair. “You act like you know everything that goes on in this fucking place, yet you have wolves in your pack slowly dying. You have wolves here that are bullied by unranked and ranked members. Your own beta attacked females wolves behind your back for his unranked daughter and you had no fucking idea.”
“You are saying someone poisoned you?” His voice was soft, but he stepped back to the chairs in front of my desk as I slowly turned my chair back to my computer.
“What I am saying is that I am an alpha wolf that would have healed all of this damage instantly yet its been a few hours and I still have to have my ribs wrapped so they stay where they need to be so that when Nix can heal me, she can do it properly.” I started typing again, stopping the attack that was hitting another firewall. “ I’m saying that this isn’t the first time that my healing was stunted for random reasons. And the only thing I’ve eaten today was from this kitchen. And we both know the omegas like me. So it wasn’t them.” I cut him a look. “Your security for outside of the pack is top–notch, but inside…” I trailed off. “You think that being who you are would keep your people in line? But,” I looked up. “Do you think you are a good enough alpha to be followed blindly?”
He scoffed. “No one is.” 
I nodded. “If my father’s best friend can turn his back on him, being who he was, as loved as he was. You don’t stand a chance.” I looked at him. “I have the confirmation letter that accepts my transfer from the king myself. And I will be leaving tonight or tomorrow morning.” I turned back to my computer. Vince stared at me for a few minutes before getting up and turning to leave. “Oh, and Vince?” He froze. “Watch your back.”
###Next D 466
Chapter 466 
Once he was gone, I sat back I turned to my laptop and opened my conversation with Thoth and my father.
Nixthegoddess: I have the mainframe, the d******d just finished.
Deadmanwalking: That’s amazing! Send it once you get home. I’ll start going through it.
Thoth: Get out of there. 
Nixthegoddess: Will do. I’m leaving tonight.
Thoth: Just leave now. 
Deadmanwalking: Leave now. 
Nixthegoddess: I have something I have to do still.
Deadmanwalking: What?
Thoth: It’s not important. Whatever it is can wait, just leave. Now.
Nixthegoddess: You both know I can’t do that. Vince was draining all the pups. I can’t leave them to die. I need to remove the curse.
Thoth: Fine. Do it and then leave.
Deadmanwalking: Wait!
Nixthegoddess: What?
Deadmanwalking: Vince will know as soon as you remove the first curse. Then he will start searching for everyone. He will be able to move faster than you and you will be fucked. The removal of any curse is hard on the caster, removing them, and you are already hurt.
Nixthegoddess: I can’t leave the kids to die.
Deadmanwalking: I’m not saying that either. You extended the time before, right?
Nixthegoddess: Yeah by a week
Deadmanwalking: When is the mating ceremony? 
Nixthegoddess: It’s been cancelled. Obviously.
Deadmanwalking: I don’t think so baby…My source close to Brandon said he’s agreed to mate Shannon, but Vince is against it. As far as I can see it, Vince will either cave and allow the mating ceremony to go ahead, or… 
Nixthegoddess: Or what?
Deadmanwalking: He has a stand in a mate for Brandon.
I sat back in my chair and thought about it for a minute. It’s possible. Who else would be dumb enough to want to mate with Brandon? Vince wouldn’t settle for a random or unranked wolf, so there was very little chance that Shannon will get the ending she was so invested in.
Nixthegoddess: Who could be that dumb?
Thoth: Vince wouldn’t settle for just a random wolf, but with his position, and how Brandon just insulted you, he would be low on options.
I nodded. Thoth was right. Low options. Alpha, beta, or gamma fernale, that would also be out of options. I had an idea, but it was almost too ridiculous. There was no way I was right, but it would be amazing if I was. 
Nixthegoddess: What about Nina, or Nadine?
Thoth: Possible. Their family is barely hanging on to any kind of standing. But both are alphas
Deadmanwalking: It honestly doesn’t matter. What matters right now is that we have a week to move and figure all of this out. Instead of curing them, extend their power for another week and then leave. He will just assume that Verity was wrong again and saving us enough time to get into place.
He was right.
Nixthegoddess: Fine. But I’m removing Abby’s tonight.
Deadmanwalking: Fine, just do it after you leave.
Thoth: Can you heal yet?
The jump in topics had me furrowing my brows.
Nixthegoddess: How did you know?
Thoth:…
1/2
Thoth: Your father told me. But that doesn’t matter. What matters is that you heal yourself.
+25 Bonus
I stared at the screen for a second before I heard another door slate, and I groaned. I didn’t have time for this. I started to pack everything away. I slipped my phone into my purse and my laptop before my office dorr slammed open again.
Brandon was huffing in quick breaths, staring at me with intense eyes. “You.”
I turned back to my computer and started sending tasks back to the mainframe, knowing full well that none of us would be here in the morning to do anything about them. But I still had to act like I was the only one leaving. I smirked as I glanced up at him. “Me.”
He growled, but I shook my head. Stupid men. “Why are you here?”
“I’m finishing my tasks before I transfer out.”
He froze. “What?”
I sighed as I sent all the open IT tasks back to the alerting system and then I deactivated my account. I pursed my lips. “What do you mean what?”
His eyes glared back at me. “What do you mean, you are transferring out?”
I shut down my computer before I turned slowly to empty my desk. “Exactly what I said, Brandon. I am transferring out to my father’s pack.”
He threw his head back. “He’s dead.”
“And?” That stopped him.
“How are you transferring to a pack that no longer exists?”
1 sighed, and I felt my eyebrows raise a little. “I don’t believe you to be stupid, Brandon. What could be the reason I would tr5ansfer back to a dead pack that I have the rights to?”
He thought for a second, and I watched the understanding explode behind his eyes. “You are going back to rebuild.”
“Ding ding, ding. We have a winner.” I zipped up my bag and I pushed on the desk to help me stand, my ribs screaming.
Brandon’s voice turned whiny. “But our mating ceremony is in a week.”
###Next D 467
Chapter 467
I threw my head back and laughed at that. “You are dumber than I fucking thought.” I wiped the tear that fell. “Are you serious?”
Brandon’s face fell. “Yes. We made a commitment to each other. And I intend to keep it.”
I turned to him and let my face fall. “You attacked me this moming. I’m not mating you. You broke the commitment to me as soon as you slept with Shannon. But then you decided it was okay to lay your hands on me.” I shook my head. “Did you think I was just going to forgive and forget?”
He snarled. “You deserved to be put in your place.”
I tilted my head. “So because I held you accountable for the situation you created, you thought, because what? You are an alpha. It was okay for you to put your hands on me?” I smirked. “So, does that mean I can put my hands on you?”
”
He laughed. “You are weaker than me. I put you in your place because you thought you were better than me. Obviously not.‘ 2
The thread that was holding my patience and my anger was fraying. But I laughed. “You attacked me at work, because someone else laughed. And you think because I didn’t fight back that you ‘put me in my place‘? But in reality, I didn’t find you worthy.”
He snarled again, but then Vince and some guards ran in. “Brandon, you need to leave.” Vince was panting. Like he just heard that Brandon was here. “Leave Amy
alone.”
Brandon snarled at his father. “No! You said she was leaving, but we are mating at the end of the week.”
I laughed. “No, No we are not. You lost the privilege to ever touch me again the moment you jumped over this desk this morning.” I dropped my voice lower. “No, unless you leave me be, I will challenge you in front of everyone here.”
I watched the threat wash right over him, but Vince paled. “Let’s go Brandon. She needs to go home to pack.”
I nodded and grabbed my bag from the ground and I groaned. I was tender. Nix. I called to my wolf. You can start to slowly heal me. I’ve appeared weak enough to all the right players.
Nix growled. Finally.
But. She froze, and I felt the anger pumping off of her. Start internally, and move slowly, like the wolfsbane was finally working itself out of our system. She shook herself, but then nodded.
I don’t see the point, but fine. Megan laughed. I think she understood my plan.
We will get you healed up. She winked and then got to work. The relief wasn’t instant, but I could feel the pain ease.
“SHE’S NOT LEAVING!” Brandon screamed, freezing everyone.
I felt my body still. “Who is going to stop me?” Everyone heard the threat in my voice….everyone it
“If you want to leave, then you have to go through me first.” He smirked. His eyes danced that went earlier.”
Over 
seems, except Brandon.
my body, from my toes up to my head. “And we both know how well
Vince paled. “No.” But I felt the smile bloom on my face. I quickly glanced at the time. It was early enough that if I was quick, I would still have time to get home before people showed up. Vince stepped into the office and grabbed Brandon by the arm. “No.” He shook his head as he looked at me. “We are leaving. Forget he said anything. Brandon, let’s go.” Vince pulled him but Brandon was staring at me.
He shook off his father’s hand. “Did you hear me? You aren’t going anywhere.”
I laughed. it was dark and low. “Fine.”
Vince started to sweat. The guards all looked at each other. But Brandon looked triumphant. “See.” He looked at his father. “The mating ceremony will go on.”
“I didn’t say that.” I shook my head as I let my mask fall off and the rage show through. “You said that I wasn’t going anywhere unless I go through you.” I tilted my head as Vince started to shake his head. “I said fine.” He smiled. “You really are that dumb.” His smile fell. “I meant I will go through you.” I smiled, big, toothy, and dangerous. “I hope you are up for the challenge.” 
Vince stepped up. “You can’t kill him.” He was almost pleading.
“She can’t kill me.” Brandon smiled. “She isn’t strong enough.” I watched Vince stagger back.
“I won’t kill him…although I have every right to call for a death battle.” Vince seemed to take a breath. “But I will invoke my right to a cath neart.”
The guards all stood straighter. Vincent winced, but Brandon just laughed. “Stop making stupid shit up.”
A guard stepped up. “I will second Alpha Amy.” I tilted my head.
“And who are you?”
I am Gamma Corzone. You met my wife Samantha when you volunteered in the pup’s classes.” He looked at me with intense eyes.
###Next D 468
Chapter 468 
I nodded once. “Nice to officially meet you, Gamma Corzone.”
Brandon spun. “You will second her? In what? A fake fight?” He spun again to face me. “You are a stupid bitch, do you know that? I was giving you a chance to back down gracefully. I am the next Alpha of this pack. Do you not understand that everyone wants me? That you were LUCKY to even catch my eye.”
Vince winced, but I laughed. I raised my pointer finger. “Let’s clear some things up. Okay? A cath neart is a battle of strength, usually invoked between soldiers or by guards trying to move up in ranks. It is a battle of abilities to show the pack who is stronger, or in other words, who reigns supreme. A fitting battle between two alphas so that one doesn’t end up dead. Which is exactly what you father is begging me to avoid, because even he knows I will beat you. Second.” I raised my middle finger. “A second in this battle is to watch over the fight and to intervene if they see any cheating, or dubious interventions from the other person, like poisoning, or going for a kill shot when the battle is just to surrender.” IU raised my third finger. “I am a bitch, but I am also a bitch that respects the rituals our ancestors put in place, and our packs still follow. I don’t insult them by ignoring their rites that they spend their dedicated to.” I tilted my head. “And I don’t know why you think I would want another chance. For goddess‘ sake, YOU ARE NOT A CATCH!” I lost control of my anger. “You are a tiny, pathetic whelp of a child who plays pretend as a man. You don’t respect your pack, your bonds, your traditions, your goddess. You have no fucking idea who a pack works. You think you are the next goddess blessed wolf, but in reality you are a calamity to everything that would make a strong pack. You are a weak male, weak alpha, weak leader. You are just fucking weak.”
He lunged for me but I just laughed as Vince caught him. “Let me go.” He screamed as he tried to lunge again. “I will kill you.”
The guards all stilled. Vince felt the tension in the room skyrocket. He leaned in to Brandon. “She has invoked a cath neart. You can not attack her outside the ring. That would be disgraceful. And like she just said. Any action taken to kill her during the match will automatically activate her second.” Vince looked back at
Corzone.
Brandon followed his father and realized who was looming behind him. “Corzone…why would you agree to be her second?”

The man smiled. “I offered. She didn’t even have to ask.” He smirked, and I saw everyone tense.
why?” Brandon growled.
“Because she knows our ways. She respects our way of life. She advocated for female guards in her father’s pack and she has trained with us every week since she turned twelve.” Corzone looked at me. “I have lept track of the female alpha that treats everyone one with respect most of my career and did my best to follow her lead and treat everyone in my ranks with respect regardless of rank. But even without all of that…” I could feel the intensity of his gaze as he turned to look at Brandon. “She was helping with the pups, and she took her time with my pup. Even sick, he came home excited that he got to spend time with the beautiful alpha that taught him the rites of the soldiers. Carson came home for the first time in years, excited to grow up. He believed for the first time that he would grow up. And there is nothing in this world that I want more.” He turned back to me. “You made him believe that he would survive, and I pray to the goddess every day that you are right:” Corzone then bowed at his waist, showing his devotion.
I nodded to him. I could see the glare that both Brandon and Vince were giving him, but the other guards stepped up behind him. “Then I guess it’s time.” I grabbed my bag again and hefted it up to my shoulder.
“Time for what?” Brandon snapped.
Vince sighed, but then nodded. “Let’s go to the ring.” He turned, but Brandon grabbed him.
“What’s going on?”
www
Vince wrenched his arm away “You opened your mouth and now you get your way. Amy is going to leave, and she will do it by going through you.” Vince pointed out the window. “Get your ass to the training ring so we can get this over with.”
Brandon laughed. “I already beat her ass this morning. What the fuck is she going to do?”
Vince laughed, but it was empty. “She’s right.” He looked back at his son. “You are stupid.” Then he grabbed him and pulled him from the office. “Ten minutes, Amy.” Then they were gone.
###Next D 469
Chapter 469 
I limped my way into the ring while Brandon and Vince watched. Vince was wary, still, but Brandon was grinning. “Are you sure you want to do this? You’re already hurt. I don’t want to hurt you.” His grin already proved to the gathering crowd he was lying. But I let him keep talking. “Look at you.” He waved his hand at me. He stepped closer and made a show of sniffing me. “You stink of blood.”
I just shook my head and made my way over to Corzone. His face was a mask of alertness, but I could see the concern behind his eyes. I smiled at him. “Are you ready?”
He nodded once. “I am.” He looked me up and down. “Are you ready?”
I smiled wider. “Yeah. I am. Brandon has the bad habit of underestimating his opponent.” Corzone nodded once but kept his mouth shut. He was smarter than anyone else thought. He wanted to support me, because his pup, Carson, was one of the pups that Vince has cursed. They didn’t know the truth. Just that I went to their house, and after speaking with his mate, she allowed me to hang out with Carson alone. When I left, he was happier, and more importantly, healthier.
We turned to face Vince and Brandon and waited. Another guard came out to referee. “This is a cath neart, a battle for strength and standing. The rules are as follows. No death blows. Once your opponent in on the ground for longer than ten seconds, the battle stops. If your opponent is knocked out, the battle is over. There are no points system, this is a battle to knockout or surrender. You both agreed to no weapons, but shifting is allowed.” He looked between us and waited for both of us to nod. “Are there any questions?”
Brandon smirked. “Does she get any kind of lead?”
Vince turned and smacked his head. “And how do you think that is going to happen?” He shook his head. “Stupid boy.” 
It was my turn to smirk. “Don’t worry Bran, you already got your lead this morning when you attacked me unprovoked.” I heard a few gasps from the gathering pack members and Vince growled lowly. But there was nothing he could do or say that wouldn’t hurt their standing in the pack any more. The pack was losing their faith in these two.
Nix snaried. As they should. These two are fucking pathetic alphas. Megan nodded in agreement.
The referee looked at Vince and Corzone. “Seconds, are you ready?”
Vince nodded. Corzone took a step behind me. “Wait.” Corzone turned and shifted, shredding his clothes as he did. He was almost at my shoulder. “Alpha Amy.” His voice was deep and smoky, “I am Dune. Corzone’s wolf. We wanted to see better, so we took this form instead.” He bowed.
“I appreciate the heip.”
“It is the least we could do.” Dune took a few steps back and then nodded to the referee. “I will watch your back.” He sounded like he wanted to say more, but he was holding himself back But his eyes darted to Vince and Brandon. “Be careful.” I gave him a small bow before I turned to watch Brandon.
Vince back up a few steps. And then Brandon started to pull off his shirt and pants. “I’m not shredding my clothes.” He smirked as I watched. “Do you like what you see?” He was taunting us. I just gave him a placating smile. He walked closer in his underware and grabbed his dick. “All of this can be yours if you just stop being stupid.” 
“All of that has already fucked half the girls in this pack. And we both know it wouldn’t be just mine. I don’t know why this is so hard for you to understand. I do not share my man. >>
He stiffened. Especially with an unranked female. And anyway…I’ve seen better.” Now it was my turn to smile as he snarled. He shifted, drool flying from his snapping snout. The referee rned to me and raised his eyebrow. “Oh, I’m not shifting. We can start.”
He watched me for a few seconds before nodding. “If you are sure.” He stepped back and the crowd’s murmuring quieted. I cracked my neck, swung my arms around and twisted my back feeling for any pain. Then I sank into a crouch. The tenderness from my ribs was gone and I just smiled. Vince’s face was natural, but I could see the worry behind his eyes. 1
The ref looked at Brandon. “Alpha Brandon, are you ready?”
Brandon dug his back claws into the ground and then snapped his teeth at me. The referee took that as
a yes because he turned to me. “Alpha Amy, are you ready?” I 
I just grinned and then gave one stiff nod. He took another few steps back. “Begin!”
###Next D 470
Chapter 470
Brandon took off towards me. I planted my feet as he ran towards me. I think the fact I didn’t move confused him because the idiot swerved around me as he came close. His voice rang out through the circle, loud enough for everyone gathered to here. He was making this into a circus instead of the battle it was supposed to be. “Move. Fight. Do something instead of standing there. Put up a tiny bot of a fight before I show everyone here who the real alpha is.” He was taunting me, hoping for a reaction, but I just stayed still. He scoffed again. “Next time I won’t miss.” 
I shook my hands out and allowed my fangs to descend. My eyes flashed to their golden hue, and the crowd all creeped in a step closer. I closed my eyes to focus my ears on his steps. I listened as he circled me closer and closer, trying to intimidate me. “Are we playing? Or are we fighting?” I called out. His snarled came from my side, and then he charged. Someone in the crowd let out a yelp, but I shifted at the last second. My hand shot out and I landed a punch on his ribs, snapping one of them and sending him flying back the way he came. “That’s one.”
He wheezed as he stood. He chuckled. “Okay.” He shook out his fur. “I’m not going to hold back any longer.” He snarled a little. “Do you think you can make a fool out of me by standing there?”
I swiveled to face him. “Brandon, I think it is pretty apparent I don’t have to do anything to make you look like a fool. Everyone here can see you do it all on your own.” He charged again, this time sliding towards my ankle, but I sidestepped and booted him in his face, breaking his cheekbone. “That’s two.” I wiggled two fingers in the air, earning another snarl.
He stood, shaking his head to clear it. Blood flew from his lip. I must have cut the inside of his cheek with I kicked him. I smirked at the thought. “You are a stupid
bitch.” He snarled.
I just looked at Vince, who inched his way closer to the center. I raised an eyebrow, but he just shook his head at me. “Stop playing with him.” His whisper was low enough I barely caught it, but I nodded once.
“Fine.” I turned back to Brandon, who was glaring at me.
He circled me, but this time I circled with him. “You are trying to make me look weak.” His voice was low, but it carried.
“You do that yourself.” I bounced on my feet. “But don’t worry.” He stiffened a little. “What I’m about to do to do to you, no one here could stand up to it.”
He laughed, but I had better things to do than to stay here and waste time with him. I needed to go home, save kids, pack a few things and smuggle two families and information out of here. Brandon’s brain caught up to what I said, and he stilled. “What?” But that was all he could get out before I charged. His eyes widened as I disappeared across from him and reappeared next to him, slamming my fist into his eye. I felt the bone give way. The crack of the orbital socket echoed through
the air.
Instead of pulling, or stopping like I had the last few times I kept attacking. Fists flying, I landed another few shots on his ribs, and felt another give beneath me. The sound of his lung filling with blood reached everyone’s ears.
Vince’s warning growl reached me, and I raised my hands. I backed away from Brandon and walked back to Corzone. He watched me with eyes that were slightly amused. He refused to allow any emotion hit his face. “Are you okay?” His question caught me off guard.
“Yeah…I’m fine. Why?”
He furrowed his brow. “You are covered in blood.” He gestured to me, and I looked down.
“This is all his.” I raised my shoulder and I wiped the blood on my shirt. I kept waking, but something made me stumble. I turned, and it was like I was moving through syrup. The air had somehow condensed into this thick, hard to push through force, 
My eye caught on Vince, and I saw his mouth moving while clutching at his necklace and I knew he was using magic. My brain flew through my Book of Shadows for a spell to slow someone, and the counter spell.
I heard Brandon struggle to get to his feet and knew I was running out of time. Corzone looked confused as I had all but stopped. “Are you okay?” He tried to reach for me but Vince yelled out.
“If you touch her before the match is called, she loses. We can’t interfere.” He sounded smug, and that pissed me off.
My brain latched onto the counter spell. Corzone’s eyes widened as he screamed my name. “AMY!”
“Kento farwa spunto corna.” The air was back to normal, and I spun just as I felt Brandon’s teeth graze my neck. My fist connected with the underside of his jaw, sending him tumbling back. He landed hard next to his father, who tried dropped to his knees beside Brandon.
1
“ENOUGH!” The referee called. “Alpha Amy wins. Alpha Brandon is disqualified from the battle for trying to land a death blow.” 
Vince looked back at me with eyes filled with hatred, but he picked up his son and rushed him to the pack doctor.
###Next D 471
Chapter 471
I pulled my car directly into my garage and closed it, I barely had a second before the doorbell rang. I sighed, but I went to answer the door, Rick and everyone else was standing there in my doorway, “Hey, come on in.”
“What the hell happened to you.” Ternen seemed surprised.
Alannah sighed. “I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry.” I just smiled as I opened the door wide, and everyone trailed in, but I stopped Rick.
“I’m going to open one of the garage doors, pull in. I don’t want anyone to see your car on the street.” He nodded, then turned back to his car.
Nix Heal the rest of me. I called out.
Finally. She and Megan got to work, and by the time I hit the garage door open, I was fully healed. Riek pulled in and I shut the door behind him. He slid out, sumprised.
“How?” He waved his hands at me, and I just laughed.
“I stopped my wolves from healing me so I could seem weaker around the pack. I wanted them to see me,
He laughed. “Smart.” I winked as I turned. “But what about everyone coming tonight?”
“I’ll use magic to make myself look hurt.” I cracked my neck. But Rick froze.
“Amy…” His voice was worried. “Shush.”
and think poor Amy.”
I turned back to him. “What?” He waved a hand around the air. He slowly mouthed the words. ‘Your house is bugged.‘ I laughed. “It’s okay. A few weeks ago, I made a big show of cleaning the house up and removing Morgan’s and Shannon’s stuff, when Shannon started to spread the rumor about her and Brandon. I ‘found‘ all the bugs and tossed them into their boxes. Pretending I thought they were just the knickknacks that they had hidden them in. House is clear now.”
He sighed and nodded, “Why didn’t you use the magic before and just heal yourself?”
“I needed for Vince to smell the blood. If it was just magic, he would pretend that it wasn’t that bad and use that as a reason to advocate for me to stay. I couldn’t let that happen.”
Rick shook his head. “Why did you need to transfer? I mean, we are all just running.” We met everyone in the living room. Abby ran over to me and gave me a hug.
“Can we go see Carly?”
I tapped her nose. “Not yet. But tonight we will.” I turned to look at Rick as I backed into the kitchen. “It’s a little different for Alpha’s. I needed to transfer so that I can ‘rebuild‘ my father’s pack. I couldn’t start a pack, or claim the land without transferring out of my current pack. If I had done that, then Vince could have claimed rights over it.” I pulled out the steaks I had thrown into the fridge last night. I started for the back door, but before I stepped out into my backyard, I used some of my magic to make me look hurt again. I stepped out and started the barbeque. “Rick?”
He came out. “Yeah?”
“Can you and Teren man the grill?” I heard the doorbell. “I think I am about to have a lot of visitors.” He grinned.
“Sure thing.” He went to stand beside the grill as it heated up. “Do you have tongs and seasonings?“”
! nodded. “I’ll send Ternen out with everything.” I walked back inside. “Ternen?”
“Yeah, Amy?” He trotted over. 
I nodded for him to follow me to the kitchen. I pulled the steak seasoning my mom made out of the cupboard, a plate, and tongs. I grabbed two beers from the fridge and handed it all to Ternen. “Can you go help Rick with the steaks?”
He brightened. “Of course!” He turned around and headed outside as the doorbell rang out again.
I ran to the door and then turned back to Abby and winked. I hunched over a little as I opened the door. It was Corzone and his mate. He was carrying his son. “Hey.”
“Hey.” I stepped aside. “Come on in.”
He walked in. “I know you’re leaving tonight. But I was hoping…” He trailed off.
His mate stepped up beside him. “Carson, he’s gotten weak again.” She looked down. “Can you do whatever you did last time?”
“Of course I can.” I opened my arms. “Is it okay if I bring him upstairs?” 
She nodded. “Of course.”
Corzone stared at me for a minute. “He is my only pup. My life.”
I nodded. “I know, and I would never do anything that would hurt him. I swear it on the goddess.” He stared at me for a minute longer, then handed me the little boy.
I pretended to struggle to the stairs. I turned back to Alannah and Shelly, “If anyone else comes while I am upstairs, let them in. I’ll try to be fast.” They nodded.
“Of course.” Shelly gave me a knowing look. “Take your time.” Then I went up the stairs and started the first of many healings.
###Next D 472
Chapter 472 
It was late by the time everyone had left. I took my food in small bites, in between children, but everyone was topped up before I sent everyone home to sleep. The children would wake up tomorrow charged with energy, enough to make it to next weekend.
I sighed as I shut the door. Then turned back to everyone sprawled around the house. “Are we ready?” I yawned as I turned to Alannah. “Did you get all of your laundry done?”
She nodded. “Yeah. I just threw it back into the bags.” She nodded to the pile by the stairs.
Rick pushed up from the couch. “I’ll grab our stuff.” I nodded.
Shelly pushed up and grabbed a sleeping Abby. “It’s time baby.” I shook off my magic and opened my arms.
“Give her to me. I’m going to feed her some power as we cross, so when I remove the curse, she will be strong enough to fight it with me.” She swallowed past the lump in her throat and nodded.
“Okay.” She slid Abby into my arms and I started to feed her energy. “Are you going to be okay to do this?” 
I nodded. “Yeah.” A yawn broke through. “I’m tired, but once we are out of here, I won’t have to worry about work or anything tomorrow. So it’s fine.” Shelly laughed. “No work, but a war.” I lifted my shoulder.
“Meh.” I smirked when she laughed harder.
She shook her head. “I’ll help Rick with everything.” I nodded and walked around, sealing the house. No one was going to get in here while I was gone. Once that was done, I went upstairs to the bedroom and sat on the bed, closing my eyes, and focusing fully on Abby. I heard everyone come in and out of the room, dropping off bags, but that turned into background noise.
“Amy.” Someone grabbed my shoulder and I jolted. I looked up to find everyone standing around me. “Are you okay?” Rick sounded a little concerned.
“Yeah. Just tired.” I stood up. “Are you ready?” Everyone nodded. “The first night will be a little cramped. But I hope you guys don’t mind. I figured Carly and Abby can share her room tonight. I already talked to Toya and Wendy, and they decided to share a room, so one of you can take Toya’s room. But one couple will be in the living room.” I looked between them. “I’ll let you guys decide. But tomorrow Toya and Lynn will be leaving with me, leaving Wendy in her room, and my mom in mine. The couple that take’s Toya’s room can stay there, and the other will take Lynn’s.”
They all nodded. Abby sighed. “I get to stay with Carly?”
I chuckled. “You do, well until everything is safe again and you can come
live at yo
new home.
Her eyes cracked open. “Will it have a backyard? Our home here doesn’t have one, and I want to plant a garden.”
I nodded. “Of course you can have a garden.” I looked up at everyone else. “Are we ready and decided?”
Shelly nodded. “I know Abby will be safe upstairs, so we will take the living room, I don’t want Alannah sleeping on the couch pregnant.” Alannah looked like she could cry.
“Thank you, but we are the omega’s we are just happy to be safe.” She waved her hands. “It’s enough to be safe with our pup.”
Shelly shook her head. “We already decided. Plus, Amy already said that omegas aren’t treated like lesser beings in her father’s pack.” She grabbed her hand. “We want you two to realize that, Starting tonight.” Shelly grabbed two bags. “Let’s go.” 
I nodded. I locked the bedroom door and sealed it before opening up the closet. Toya, Wendy and my mom were already waiting as soon as the door opened. They walked past me and started grabbing the bags. Within a few minutes, everyone was settled in their rooms, and we were all downstairs.
“I have everything you told me to grab at the kitchen table.” My mom nodded to the dining room, and I followed her in.
I looked down at Abby. “Are you ready?” She nodded. “Do you feel strong enough to fight?” I slid her on to the table, while Toya grabbed a small pillow for the couch for her head.
“Fight?”
“Yeah, sweetheart. This is a battle, just like any other you might face in life. Do you know what a battle is for?” She shook her head. “We go to war for a few reasons. Our freedom, our families. But every battle we have is for one thing. Our lives.”
“Isn’t that the same thing?” 
I shook my head. “Wars are made up of many battles, and like I said, it could be for a million reasons. But my dad always said a battle is for your life. You’re right to live, to survive, to thrive.” I laid her back. “Are you ready?”
She took a deep breath. “I’m ready.”
###Next D 473
Chapter 473
I turned to the kitchen and grabbed everything I needed. “Did you find everything?” I looked at Toya.
She nodded. “Once again, Carl knew exactly what would be needed. It was the cupboard above the fridge.” Toya chuckled. “He actually left a note taped to the bottom of a shelf with Abby’s name on it.” She grabbed an envelope off the counter and handed it to me.
Abby’s name was bold but Toya’s name was also on it. I slipped the letter from the envelope and skimmed it.
Toya, 
i know you are looking for everything Amy will need to save Abby. I put everything up above the fridge so you guys wouldn’t actually use it to season dinner.
It’s going to be hard to watch, but you need to make sure the parents allow Amy to work. Make sure Wendy and Ainsley know as well, you might have to hold back a couple of wolves. And when I say might, I mean you will.
Carl. 
P.S. Tell Carly I love her. I don’t want her to ever forget it.
I had to swallow past the lump in my throat. Oh Carl. I put the letter away and looked at Toya, raising my eyebrow.
“We are ready. Your mom even got some rope to tie them down if we need to.” I nodded and then wiped my face. “You got this Amy. We believe in you.” She rubbed my back and then walked over to the far counter, grabbed a small box, and then handed it to me. “Go save that little girl.” I took the box, put it down, and then turned and hugged Toya. “What’s this?”
I sighed. “I just needed it.” I sighed as she slid her arms around me and supported me. “It’s been a rough day.”
She nodded against my shoulder. “Your mom heard from you, dad.” She rubbed my back. “It sounded horrible. But we can talk about it after we cure Abby, and then have porch wine.” I laughed.
“That sounds perfect.” I let go and stepped back.
She looked me over. “You look exhausted.”
I nodded. “I am, but I have enough for this.” I grabbed the box, then went back to the dining room. Abby was staring up at the ceiling and doing her best to be strong. I slid the box onto the chair. “This isn’t going to be pretty.” I pulled out candles and placed them around her. I started at her head and moved clockwise until I was back at her head. I leaned down and kissed her forehead. “This is going to be painful.” I looked at Shelly and Rick. “It’s going to look like I ani trying to torture her…kill her. But I swear on the goddess I am saving her.” They both nodded.
1oya stepped up. “I know it is going to go against every instinct you have as a parent. This is your pup on the table. I’m not even sure what is going to happen, but the three of us are here to protect you from yourselves.” My mom and Wendy stepped up beside them. Rick looked down and my mom. 
“Hey Ains.” He was trying his best to seem strong.
“Hey Rick.” She smiled as she held out her hand to him. “You have grown up so much.” 
He chuckled as he considered her offer. He nodded and slowly held his hand out to her. “Yeah, a lot has changed since I was the little boy on your front porch.” My mom winked at him.
“Not as much as you think.” She nodded to Abby. “You have an amazing little girl.”
He nodded. “That I do.” 
Wendy held her hand out for Shelly, who grabbed it without hesitation. “Thank you.” 
“You are very welcome. And I know you will hate me pretty soon, but I won’t take it to heart.” She smiled. “But we are going to save your little family.” Wendy nodded to Tuya. “Make sure she reads the note in the box before she starts.”
Toya snapped her fingers. “Right.” Toya pulled out a small piece of paper from the bottom and handed it to me. I quickly read the words and groaned internally, but I shook it off. We will figure it out as we had to. I pulled out the bowl and threw the cotton balls inside of it.
I laid out everything, then I heard the little footsteps and turned Carly was holding my Book of Shadows with her eyes a vell of white “You will need this Tri–spirit. Your work tonight will be long, but important” She sighed “Vince did more than you think Hidden runes, hidden curses. Tonight will stretch you to the end of your rope but it will be your strength and determination that will make the final decision. Will you swing free from his manipulation or hang from U?” She trembled there and then dropped. Alannah scrrantied as she dove to catch her
“Is it always like this?” Her voice was filled with worry
I walked over and took the book from them. I bobbed my head back and forth. “Kinda.” I smiled as I turned away, but my stomach wats d twisted ball of knots. What the fuck is going un?
###Next D 474
I walked back to the table and opened it to the one I needed. I was reading the page when Carly came to. “Wait!” She wiggled down from Alannah’s arms. “Amy, wait!” She wiggled harder and Alannah finally let her down. She ran over to the table and climbed up to a chair. She grabbed Abby’s hand and held on. “It’s okay Abby. I’m here.” She looked up at me. “This is okay, right?”
I nodded. “It should be okay. But I’ll tell you the same thing I told them. It’s going to look like I am going to hurt her, but I’m not.”
Carly nodded. “I saw.” She looked up at me with haunted eyes. “I saw it all. That’s why I’m here. Abby is my best friend, and I want her to know I’m here.” I nodded once, then looked back at Toya.
She smiled. “She is like us. Bonded in a flash and completely devoted to her friends.” Toya walked over to Carly and kissed her temple. “Our girl has been talking about her best friend since she came last time. She even told her dad about her.”
Abby’s hand tightened around Carly’s. “You are my best friend, too.” Carly’s smile was big as she leaned in.
“Don’t be afraid, okay?”
Abby nodded. “I trust you guys.” 
I had to clear my throat. I don’t know why, but I started to feel choked up. “Okay.” I stepped back top the bowl and lit the cotton. I added the herbs I needed. Dried acorn for protection and personal power. Adder’s tongue for healing. Ague weed for hex breaking. Bamboo for hex breaking and protection. The pit in my stomach grew bigger. So many of the herbs were for protection, healing, and hex breaking. Usually, only one herb for each would have been enough, but there were so many layers.
“Focus girl.” My grandmother’s voice jolted me from my worries. “Add the Barberry.” I grabbed the handful, but she snapped a hand out. Cleansing her soul from Vince’s manipulation is needed. But only one.” Her eyes met mine. “You have a few souls to disentangle from his strings.” I nodded as I dropped one into the bowl. “Basil, to exercise Vince from her soul ties. One is enough. Hold off on the benzoin until the fire dies down. The smoke from it will help purify her. Add in the hydrangea to help with the end of the hex. Last add in the lady’s slipper to stop anyone from attaching to her again.” She nodded as I finished. The fire burned down and then she nodded. “Add the benzoin in now. There. Now use the feather to fan it over her.”
I grabbed the burning bowl, feeling the heat of the flame, and hissed.
“Amy?” My mom stepped closer, but I waved her off.
My grandmother turned to her. “When casting, if there is going to be pain inflicted on the victim, the caster also needs to feel it. We do not do unto others without taking it on ourselves. It’s a balance.” My mom nodded, but I could see she was worried.
I moved to Abby’s head and started. I fanned the smoke over her with the pure white feather of a barn owl. I walked around her three times. The fire burning with every step. The flame was now fueled by my magic, the golden flame now a deep blue. I placed the bowl by her head and sent a steady stream of magic to the fire to keep it burning.
I grabbed the bottle of water that was in the box and poured it into a cup. I sprinkled in a few of the herbs that I sprinkled into the fire and helped Abby sit up enough to drink it. She coughed a little, but swallowed it down. I poured the rest of the water into the bowl, keeping the flame burning as the water took on a blue sheen. 
I bent over and rolled up Abby’s shirt, bearing her stomach. Rick’s brow furrowed. “What are you doing?”
I dipped a cloth into the burning liquid. Then I wiped down Abby’s stomach. “I’m trying to cleanse her body. I’ll focus on her stomach, chest, and the brand. But the stomach is first.” I wiped her down, dipping into the bowl periodically. I turned back to the bowl and slid a small dagger into the bowl. To purify it.
Rick growled when he saw the knife, but Shelly took a step. “Amy?” Her voice was confused, but I quickly wiped down Abby’s chest and then turned to the brand that Vince has burned into Abby’s skin.
I cleansed the brand, eaming a few pained whimpers from Abby. “Are you okay?” She met my eyes and nodded. “Are you ready?” 
She took a few deep breaths. “Will it hurt?”
“I won’t lie to you it’s going to hurt like a bitch, but we need to purify your soul. The brand is the entry point. You heart is the pathway, and the soul is settled somewhere around your center”
“My tummy” I nodded. She closed her eyes. “I’m ready.” 
I took a steadying breath. This was the part I hated the most.
Then I slamuned the dagger directly into her heart.
###Next D 475
Chapter 475 
Her eyes flew open, but Rick and Shelly screamed. My mom and Toya grabbed Rick. Wendy wrapped her arms around Shelly’s waist to keep her back. Rick bellowed. “ABBY!” His eyes were a mix of rage and desperation. He was desperate to save his pup. I felt the phantom kick from my own pup and knew I would have done the same. “Amy, you were supposed to save her.” His voice broke. “How could you do this?” Tears poured from his eyes. “She trusted you.” He forced himself another step. “We trusted you.” He bellowed again, eyes flashing. “ABBY!” His pain was a bitter taste in my mouth.
I met his eyes. “You said you trusted me.”
That made him pause. “I did…I do. But you just killed-” His voice broke as he looked at the growing pool of blood under her. “You killed my baby.” He dropped to his knees and the sob that broke from his lips shattered my heart. “You killed my baby.”
Shelly just hung from Wendy’s arms. I expected to see hatred, to see fury, but all I saw was a broken woman. Watching me slam the knife home shattered something in her. Something that was so deep, so profound that I wasn’t sure it would ever be fixed.
“Shelly?” I called to her, but she was gone. But I needed her to snap out of it. I needed her to feel. I grabbed the cup that had held the water and I walked to her. I grabbed her face. “Shelly, I need you to look at me.” There was no response.
“Girl, you know you need to do it. You are running out of time.” My grandmother’s words were soft, but they gave me strength.
I nodded once, and then I pulled back and smacked Shelly across her face. Ternen and Alannah were crying, staring at me like I was a monster. And right this second, I felt like one. I looked at Wendy and she grimaced but nodded. I pulled the two to the side of the table, next to a crying
Carly.
“Look at your daughter Shelly.” I grabbed her face and made her look at Abby. She still didn’t react.
Rick fought. His tears were streaming, but his need to protect his wife overruled him. But my mom and Toya planted themselves in front of him. “Trust her.” 
“She killed my pup and is torturing my mate and you are telling me to trust her!” Rick screamed again. A gut wrenching sound that made Shelly twitch.
“You have to make her feel it.” My grandmother’s voice was soft. “She has retreated to the back of her mind, but she needs to see it, to feel it.”
I turned in to myself and Nix nodded. Get on. I jumped on her back and she ran through the forest. She ran for a few minutes when the trees changed. The trees that were lit by sunlight shifted into darkness.
“Can you see anything?” I dug my fingers deeper into her fur.
“No. But that’s fine, I don’t need to see. I can scent the trees and follow the crying.” Nix sounded confident.
“What crying?” I couldn’t hear anything.
“Shelly’s.” Nix sounded sad, but determined. We ran in the darkness for a few more minutes, but I couldn’t help the dread that was spreading through me. If we couldn’t get her to snap out of this, we were cooked.
And I had just murdered a child in front of her parents.
There, in the distance, was a clearing. Moonlight cascaded down on to a huddled form and I could hear the faint sobs of a shattered heart. The knife in my own heart twisted. I was the cause of this. But I couldn’t stop. We walked out in to the clearing.
“Shelly.” I called out, and a wolf, blonde and pissed, popped up.
“You have no right to be here. Murderer.” She snapped at me. But we ran towards the pair.
“I have no right to be here? But you human is too weak to face her own daughter’s death?” I scoffed. The taste of bitterness coated my tongue.
The wolf, Shelly’s wolf, snarled. “Did you come to gloat?” 
“Yes.” I smiled. I hopped off of Nix. “Look at how pathetic she is.” Shelly looked up, and I nearly stepped back from the hatred I saw in her eyes “What? You don’t like that?” I raised my hands. “You can hate me all you want. But you are the one that ran away from her daughter’s death You retreated instead of fighting for her. And you call yourself a mother?” I scoffed. “I might be evil, but at least I care enough to stay present when my pup died. You came in here You ran. Leaving her to grow cold. Alone.”
Shelly screamed at me. But I think my words finally hit her. And she was gone.
i hopped back on Nix, and we fled back to my body. 
###Next D 476
Chapter 476
+25 Bonus 
I blinked to find Shelly screaming, tears flowing down her face, scrambling to grab the dagger from Abby’s chest. I breathed a sigh of relief as I grabbed the cup again. I jumped to her side and grabbed her face. “What the fuck are you doing, you stupid fucking bitch? You killed our pup. My baby.” She grabbed a chunk of hair and ripped it from my head, but I was focused on her tears. I needed exactly five tears.
Her nails found purchase on my face, and I felt the blood trickle from my face as her nails sliced through. I had to jerk back as one claw sliced too close to my eye. But once the five tears dropped into the cup, I pulled away from her grip. I didn’t want to hurt her any more than I already had.
I walked to Rick, who was still screaming. Still crying. Toya and my mom had his arms so he couldn’t cut into me like his mate. I grabbed his face, and collected his five tears as he screamed at me. “I hate you. I should have let Vince kill you.” His words rolled off my back. But his next insult landed. “You are nothing like your father. You are the rot in the world, and eventually everyone will see it. That’s why the goddess never gave you a good mate. You deserved Brandon. You deserve each other. That’s why the goddess took your pup. You would only ruin it.”
I kissed his brow. “You might be right.” I whispered, as I turned back to Abby.
“Leave her alone.” Shelly screamed as I walked back to the burning bowl next to Abby. I tipped some of the burning liquid into the cup. Then I grabbed Abby by her shoulders and tipped some of the liquid into her mouth. “DON’T TOUCH MY DAUGHTER!” Shelly fought harder, but Wendy just tightened her grip.
I laid her back on the table, and then I ripped the dagger from her chest. I stood over her and poured the rest of the burning liquid into the jagged wound in her chest. Rick screamed. “Leave her alone!” His scream had my hand trembling. But I grabbed the bowl and upended it all over her. Catching Abby on fire. I fed the flame until it was a few inches high.
“NO!” Shelly lunged. But Wendy caught her in time. “Please, no.” She crumpled to her knees next to her mate.
The hatred I saw in both of their eyes as they wrapped their arms around each other dried my mouth. “They will understand.” My grandmother whispered behind me. “Finish it.”
I raised my hands over Abby as I pushed more power into her. “Lorna ca shad une ben sou sla clen da shure sav itsha dom.” I watched as the wound in her chest slowly closed. The brand that Vince burned into her skin flaked off. I grabbed the dagger once more from the table and I waited. The fire burned for a few minutes as the couple on the ground watched in horror as their child was burned away.
I started to worry. I looked back at my grandmother, but she was gone. Did I mess this up? My fingers tightened on the dagger and I closed my eyes, bowing my head. “Goddess, hear me. Deliver this child from the fire. Save her from her fate that was thrust upon her unwilling soul. Help guide me to cut the thread that ties her to this place and allow me to set her free.”
Rick fought to stand, he’s breathing coming in quick gasps. “I’ll kill you.” He started to fight against Toya’s and my mom’s hold. But I was still fully focused on the flames above Abby’s body. “Let me go.” He screamed. Shelly wrapped her arm around Toya’s leg and pulled. Giving Rick enough of a distraction to break free. He lept over the table and tried to grab me, but I snapped a shield between him and the table. “Let go of my baby!” He screamed, slamming his hands against the invisible barrier. But I couldn’t let my attention spilt for even a second. I needed to see the cord. Rick threw himself against the magic. “As soon as this is down, you’re dead. Do you hear me?” He snarled, and I could see he was lost in his anger. “YOU ARE DEAD!”
: refused to look at him as he snarled next to me, and I am thankful I stayed focus on Abby. I snapped my hand out as soon as I saw the thin black cord slicing through it. Vince’s scream bounced around the cabin, causing everyone to cover their ears. All but me as I stayed focused on Abby. I felt the blood trickle from my ear to join the trail of blood off of my face. 
“I’ll kill you!” Shelly and Rick screamed again. Rick charged against the shield, and this time, I allowed him through. His hand wrapped around my throat and he leaned in. “I hope your soul is turned away by the goddess.” Then he squeezed.
“Daddy, let her go.” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus
###Next D 477
Chapter 477 
Rick and Shelly both froze. I slid myself into a chair, knowing that the night was far from over, but I needed a minute. My throat was burning from Rick’s hands, but I couldn’t spare a drop of mage to heal myself. Everything I had was going to be needed. 
Shelly and Rick launched themselves at Abby. Tears streaming down their faces. “Baby?” Shelly’s hands trembled on her face.” Is this real?” She leaned in and pressed her lips against Abby’s forehead. “Are you real?” 
Abby giggled. “Yes, momma. I’m real.” She looked over at me. “Thank you for saving me.” 
I smiled. “Of course.” I winked. “I told you I would.” 
Shelly and Rick looked at each other, then over at me. I watched their faces go through a ton of emotions, but both settled on embarrassment. Rick pushed up from the table and turned to face me fully. “Amy…” He dropped to his knees beside me, and I watched the man crumple. “I don’t think I’m sorry would even touch what I just did to you.” 
I watched him for a second before I reached out 
his shoulder “It’s okay.” 
He shook his head, and Shelly dropped to her knees next to him. “No.” Her voice was full of tears. “No, it’s not. We attacked you. We screamed at you. We did so much except trust you.” She looked up and met my gaze. Tears streamed down her face. “We should have trusted you.” 
I nodded. “You should have.” I grabbed both of their hands. “But understood why you didn’t. I couldn’t tell you because your tears are the catalyst of the spell. I would have down a lot worse because of my pup. I am doing a lot worse. I don’t hold it against you.” 
Shelly broke down into sobs then. “Why not? We deserve it and worse.” 
Rick nodded. “This is all my fault. The curse, the kids, your friend. Oh goddess, your friend.” 
I shifted to Megan. “Is completely fine.” 
He reeled back. “She was you…” 
I shifted back and sighed. “Yeah. It was me.” I waved him off. “But I got more information than I had in the few months in the office.” I smirked as I turned to Abby. “Down you come.” She held up her arms, and I grabbed her. “You did so good, sweetheart.” 
“Am I really healed?” Her voice was full of hope. 
I smiled. “How do you feel?” 
“Tired, but…” She scrunched her face 
up.““” 
I smiled. “That’s expected.” I spun her around and looked at the brand, but it was gone. “Your curse mark is gone, and I don’t feel anything around you anymore.” I spun her back around to face me. “You are officially healed.” 
Shelly stood and held out her arms. But I shook my head. “What’s wrong?” Shelly’s hands dropped. I turned and handed Abby to Wendy. 
“Can you bring the girls up to bed?” Wendy nodded. 
“Of course I can.” She put Abby on her hip before she turned to a slightly pale Carly. “You ready for bed time girls?‘ 
Carly bounced on her toes, then yawned. “Yeah Aunty Wendy, I am” She slipped her hand into Wendy’s and then all walked upstairs. Shelly and Rick turned to follow, but I called them back. 
“Don’t leave.” They turned, and I raised my hands. “Tomorrow you guys will have all day to play and have the first healthy day with your girl for the first time since all of this started, but sadly, we aren’t done with everything tonight.” 
Rick looked down and sighed. He looked at Shelly. “I haven’t been one hundred percent honest…” He turned to look at me. How much longer do I have?” 
(C 
1/3 
Chapter 477 
+23 BUNUS 
I opened my mouth but Shelly smacked him on his shoulder. “What are you talking about?” She looked at me. “What is he talking about?” 
Thad to stifle a laugh. “Rick, you aren’t the only one with something they have been hiding…” I turned to look at everyone here. “Are you?” I looked at Alannah, Ternen and then settled on Shelly 
All three looked away from my eyes. Alannah and Ternen caught each other look, but it was Alannah that smacked a hand over her mouth and sank to the ground. “No.” 
I turned to Rick. “Show them.” He stared at me for a minute before turning around and lifting the hair he had let grow over the infected rune carved there. 
Shelly broke down. Her sobs were soft, but everyone could feel the pain. “That’s why you stopped letting me cut your hair?” 
“1 you see. 
Shelly wiped her eyes before she lifted her arm. Tucked inside her He let the hair drop back down. “I couldn’t let armpit was a brand. “What the fuck is that?” Rick rushed to her side and stared at the brand. “It doesn’t look like mine…or Abby’s.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 478
X 
Chapter 478 
Before I could say anything, Alannah took off her shoe and lifted a pot, showing off the same rune on the bottom of her foot. Ternen looked a little green when he grabbed a fist of his hair and pulled back his ear, showing off his own rune. My mom looked at all of them and then turned to me. “What are these?” 
“Parasitic runes.” I sank back into the chair. “Abby’s was a draining rune. Vince is trying to drain all the children of pack members who I can only assume wouldn’t blindly follow his plan to revolt.” 
My mom scoffed, but then she fell silent. “You are serious?” I nodded. “But how would he even know that they wouldn’t follow him?” 
I raised 
my shoulder. “May be small things. Like with Rick.” I pointed at him. “Vince wanted him to go against daddy, Rick said no. Woke up with the rune on his neck. When that didn’t make him fall in line, Vince turned his sights on Abby.” 
Shelly stumbled back against the table. Her eyes were me. “Amy?” 
glossy with her unshed tears. “What does his rune mean?” She turned to 
I reached out and snagged her hand. “His rune is a rune called the quickening. It’s to enhance a wolf’s power by feeding them an extra boost. It was used in battles of old. To give a pack the leg up if they had lower ranked members or fewer numbers.” She nodded. “But his was poisoned.” Her fingers tightened 
on mine. 
“What does that mean?” Her question was soft. Rick grabbed her other hand. 
“It doesn’t matter.” He leaned into her but she pulled away so she could look 
OK at him. 
“Of course it matters. Vince was trying to control you with it. I know it’s not a good thing.” 
Rick seemed to crumple against her. “Don’t hate me. If I had just done what he wanted, we would have been fine.” His voice was muffled against her shoulder. 
Shelly just rubbed his head. “I could never hate you. You are the other half of my soul.” She was quiet for a second. “But if you would have worked with Vince to ruin another alpha for his gain, I know I wouldn’t have been able to look at you.” 
Rick pulled back, confused. “You think I made the right choice?” He looked around. “Even with Abby? With everything that happened?” 
“There are few things I would say mattered more than our daughter. None actually. But you didn’t know he was going to target her. You did the only thing to stay true to a friend, to yourself, and to the goddess. How could I hate you for that?” She looked at me. “What does his rune mean?” 
“Vince has traps all around the forest to trap wolves that get too close to the pack lands. He needed someone he could use to catch them, to overpower them. To use the power that he drained. I turned to Rick. “Vince cut the rune into Rick for the quickening to push all the power that he drained from anyone into him. But-” Rick hung his head, but he finished the rest. 
“But the power is too much. When ever he called me, I would have to go to search for the wolf. I could burn through some of the power fed to me, but not a lot. The rest burns through me.” 
“Why didn’t you ever attack Vince?” Toya interrupted. 
“Because he couldn’t. It was part of how they corrupted the rune. Rick couldn’t turn around and attack the one L. or else he would drop dead.” 
randed him 
“I couldn’t leave you and Abby in Vince’s hands. So I played the part. Pretended top come around to the thought of draining Abby for power.” He shook his head. “I’m sorry.” I could tell he was struggling. Shelly shook her head. But Rick needed to finish it. “Please don’t hate me.” He grabbed her face and kissed her. “When we caught Amy watching us, Vince had Verity there. She is the witch that is working with Vince. She kissed me. I hated it, but I had to play along.” Rick dropped to his knees. “I felt so dirty after, but I could feel the burn coming on and I couldn’t move as the power funneled into me.” 
Shelly stared down at him, and then turned to me. “Is he telling the truth?” 
I nodded. “Verity went up to him. She kissed him. Then she left. Right after I took off and he could catch up with me while I was 
13 
Chapter 478 
using my magic. The forest was pulling my power from me and funneling it into him. It was probably more power than he has ever felt.” I looked down at Rick. “The rune is killing him, but despite that, he did his best to help me. Even when I was just a random wolf, he didn’t know. But he refused to put you and Abby on the line. I can’t tell you if he’s lying or not. But I can tell you “that no matter what happened, you and Abby were who he was worried about.” 
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 479 
###Next D 479
Chapter 479 
Rick stayed on his knees in front of Shelly until she grabbed him and hugged him. A soft voice called from the living room. What does our runes mean?” Alannah stepped into the dining room, her hands wrapped around the small swell of her growing. baby bump. “Is it hurting my pup?” 
I sighed. “Yeah, Alannah it is.” Her hand flew to her mouth. “But don’t worry.” I nearly laughed at my words. I just asked a woman to not worry about her pup. I jumped back to her question. Abby’s rune was to drain her. Ricks is to give him power until it over loads his body, and yours…” I sighed again. “Your run is a bastardized version of a mate rune.” 
“What does that mean?” Shelly asked, touching her arm. 
“I don’t know.” I blew out a breath. “I know the runes because of my father. He never went into detail about the mate rune.” “That’s because he didn’t think you would need to know. The man has the forethought of a gerbil.” We all turned around and saw my grandmother coming out of the kitchen. She met our faces “What? I love the boy, but he meddles too much.” She waved her hand. “Anyway, before mate bonds were a thing. So a very ling time ago. Couples would have mate runes. It would create a bridge to each other. So they could speak to each other’s lycans.” She turned to meet my eyes. “You know why the mate bond was created.” I nodded. “But this was before that. It also links your power, your souls, and let’s you share between the two.” 
“But none of us are mated to Vince.” Shelly stared between my grandmother and me. 
She nodded. “Exactly. His witchling turned something sacred into something corrupt.” She walked over the Shelly. “Lift your arm, please.” Shelly nodded. “The original mate rune was two circles, one full and one empty. It represented the Moon goddess in her two forms. The full moon represented the person it was on, while the empty one was their mate. But do you see this line through it, and the sigil at the end?” Everyone leaned in. 
“Yeah…” I furrowed my brow. “I’ve never seen that one before.” 
She nodded. “That’s because that is one that the witchling made for Vince. This line.” She traced her finger over it. “This is how she is rerouting the power. Then she redirects to Vince.” She shook her head. “Disgusting.” She turned to me. “You are going to remove all these tonight?” She sighed and then turned on Rick. “This one will be the most difficult.” She sighed. “It has done a lot of damage, and his wolf is weak.” 
I nodded. “I don’t even know how I am going to get all of them off 
My grandmother came to my side. “The small ones will be easy. It is just a leech. Find it, kill it, and then will be free. Vince will feel it, but who cares?” She looked at Rick over her shoulder. “His is deeper. He is a dumping ground for Vince. You will face a lot in side of him.” She went to cup my face. “You do not run from ghosts. Teach him.” Then she was gone. 
“What does she mean by that?” Rick sat back on his feet, and I sighed. 
“I don’t know.” I stood. “But I guess we will figure it out together. I pointed to Shelly. “You are up first.” I nodded to the table. “Lay down.” 
Shelly kissed Rick while I cleaned off the stuff from Abby. “We will get through this.” Rick nodded, but even I could tell he didn’t believe her. She shook him. “Say it.” 
He closed his eyes, and he blew out a breath. “We will get through this.” Shelly nodded and used a chair to get onto the table. She crawled to the middle and then laid back. 
She looked at me as I lit one candle. I sprinkled a few herbs inside of the bowl and lit some cotton. “What should I do?” Her question caught me off guard. 
“Lift your arm o er your head. Then relax.” She nodded. I grabbed the dagger and looked at her. “This is going to hurt.‘ 
She watched me with the dagger and closed her eyes. “I trust you. Even if I didn’t act like it before with Abby.” I snorted and then cut into her. I cut deep, causing her to whimper. But I had to remove the brand before I could find the leech. 
“Shelly?” I had to stop cutting because she was healing too fast. 
1/3 
Chapter 479 
+25 BONUS 
“Yeah?” 
Tell your wolf to stop healing you. If she has to, tell her to go slowly. I need to remove the brand and then the magic before the skin grows back.” She nodded and then I started to cut again. But she was still healing. 
Command her. Nix offered. 
“I’m sorry. She said she can’t help it.” Shelly whispered. 
I leaned over her. “I’m doing this for your own good.” I turned to roya. “Get a towel.” She nodded and turned away. “Shelly. I command you to stop healing.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT NOW 
X 
###Next D 480
Chapter 480 
I cut quickly, while she bit her lip to stop the scream that wanted to escape. Toya brought the towel back quickly. “Hold it here until I’m done. I don’t want her to bleed out while I finish this.” Teva nodded as I moved out of the way. Shelly had her eyes clenched tight as I slid by her head. “Okay Shelly, I know this is going to be hard, but just breathe normally.” She snorted, and I smiled. “As normally as you can.” I grabbed the bowl and brought next to her head. “Breathe the smoke in as much as you 
can.” 
“I can do that.” Rick came up beside Toya. He nodded at the towel and Toya looked to me. I nodded. 
“You have to push hard against it.” Her voice was soft. “But try to Be gentle.” She slid out of the way and Rick took her place. He pressed into Shelly’s armpit and she hissed. “I’m sorry Shell. I love you so much. You are doing great.” He leaned over and kissed her shoulder. 
I wafted the smoke over her face, and I watched as the smoke started to relax her. “Good.” I placed my hands on her temples and then I turned in to myself. 
Nix stood at the barrier, ready. “Get on.” I hopped onto her back and she took off. Megan running beside us. 
I turned to my other wolf. “Are you coming with us?” 
Megan nodded. “You are going to need the help.” I didn’t argue with her because I knew she was right. 
We ran until once again the trees shifted to the trees in Shelly’s mind. Her wolf was waiting for me this time, and the anger was gone. “Welcome back.” 
“Hello again.” I called as we ran past her. “What’s your name?” 
She ran beside us. “My name is Shanara.” She ran a circle around us. “What are we doing? Why are you here again?” 
“We are hunting something.” Nix slid to a stop and Megan ran a few steps away and circled back. Shanara kept running, but realized that we had stopped. So she ran back, skidding in front of us. 
“What are we hunting?” Shanara sat and stared at Nix. As if she was waiting for a command. 
Nix stared at the smaller wolf. “We don’t know, but I have a feeling you do.” I slid off of her back so I could get closer to Shanara 
“I don’t know what you mean.” She settled on her belly. And I knelt next to her head. 
“Shelly was violated, and so were you. Your mate’s bond with Rick is sacred, but Vince branded you with a parasite. He’s been pulling your power from you, your power and strength when you needed it the most to protect your pup.” My words held her attention and I could tell she knew what I was talking about. “Something is here that isn’t supposed to be.” She looked away. 
“I don’t know what you mean.” But I could tell she was lying. 
“You love Shelly?” I made it a question, but I already knew her answer. 
“Of course I do.” She scoffed. 
“And you love your mate and pup.” She cut me a look. 
“Obviously.” She shook her head. Already fed up with my shit. 
“Then tell us where it is.” I ran my hand through her fur and she leaned into me. “You are tired, I know it. So am I. F here to help you. To save you.” 
are all 
She sighed. “It’s a waste of time. No one can save me.” 
Nix growled softly. “Get up Shanara.” She shot to her feet. “I do not waste my time. I am here to hunt the thing leeching from you. And after you, I will do the same to the omegas and then I will push myself, my human, and my wolf sister to the brink to save your mate. The least you can do is help us save yourself.” 
Shanara shivered from her words. But she nodded. “There is something that hunts in the dark. I can never catch it, but I feel it, 
1/3 
and when It leaves…I’m tired.‘ 
Where?” Nix rubbed down Shanara’s side, trying to comfort her. 
“The deep.” She shivered. “It used to be my home, but whatever there forced me out.” 
Nix walked around her again, and Megan came up next to her. “Show us.” 
Shanara shook her head. “I don’t know if I can.” 
Megan pressed against her. “We are here with you. We will help you take back your home.” 
Shanara looked between all of us, and I watched her regain a little courage. She thought about it for another minute before she nodded. “Okay.” I walked to her. 
“If it is okay with you…I’d like to stay with you.” 
Shanara nodded, and I hopped up on her back. “Hold on tight.” Then she took off, headed to the darkened trees. 
###Next D 481
ww. 
Chapter 481 
Chapter 481 
+25 BONUS 
We ran through the trees, heading to the darkest recess of her mind. Every so often, there was a skittering sound that made their Sears twitch. Something was watching us. There was a shadow that lept above us. The noise sounded again and my back crawled 
It was almost like a million little legs were crawling over something. It gave me the willies. 
Nix’s voice was low as we ran. “Something is hunting us.” 
Megan chuffed an agreement, but it was Shanara trembling that had me looking around. Her body remembered the feeling, and it was warning her to turn back. 
I ran my fingers down her side. “It’s okay. We are here. We have you.” She nodded, but I could still feel how tense she was. She kept running, but I could feel that she wanted to turn back. She was only going deeper because we were with her. 
She ran around trees, but every sound had her jumping. I just kept inning my fingers through her fur. I was mumbling some words of encouragement when something landed on us. Megan saw it first and lunged towards me, but I felt something sink fangs into me. 
I screamed as I fell from Shanara’s back. The darkness enveloped me, and I was terrified. I shook my head, trying to clear the fear, but it was like every pull that this creature made. It injected me with fear. This was how it worked. This creature, whatever it was, was a manifestation of the rune. As Vince pulled power from the affected, it made them fear him a little more. It was keeping everyone in line. 
I opened my mouth to scream, but I heard Nix yelp. I tried to see what was happening, but the darkness was absolute. I pulled into myself, trying to think of happier times. I was whimpering; the fear was so thick. My dad. I needed my dad. 
The memory of him teaching me magic bubbled up in my mind. It circled around until I finally understood what my brain was telling me. The light orb. Nix and Megan both screamed out in pain, and something in my mind shifted. Attacking me was fine, but once you touch my wolves…all bets were off. 
I bellowed, and light exploded from me. The ball of light was bigger than my first, and I threw it up into the air. The thing on top of me screamed. Then tried to run, but I grabbed it to keep it in the light. “Attack it.” I screamed at the three wolves, and they were trying, but it was strong. 
The black body was a hard shell, almost like it was a carapace. I tried to attack with my own hands, but we were just bouncing off its body. A dark, eerie laugh echoed through the clearing. “Stupid females. Do you think you can kill me? I am the destroyer, the ravenous. I will eat through all of your energy and in the end I will be the one standing, and you will be husks of your former selves.” The face… I don’t even know if it could even be considered a face reared from me and I felt the drain stop for a blessed moment. Nix tried to dive for it again, but she bounced off. It laughed again and I could hear Vince in its voice. 
This was who he was inside. A black leech of a creature that took from anything and everything he could. He didn’t survive on his own power, but on what he could steal. Sip by sip. Tiny mouthfuls at a time to boost himself into the position he was in now. 
“You can’t kill me. You aren’t strong enough.” His words ricochetted against the trees. “I will eat you slowly until I am satisfied.” His words bounced in my mind like the trees. Slowly. 
He struck me again, sinking its fangs into my shoulder again. The slow draw of power was back, and an idea formed in my mind. I started to push power into the leech. Slowly at first. Nix growled, but I wrapped my arms around the leech. 
“What are you doing?” Nix’s voice was confused as she circled closer and closer. 
“Feeding it.” It chuckled, thinking I was stupid, but Nix understood. She jumped on the back of the creature and forced its fangs deeper into my neck. 
“Good?” She met my eyes over the body and I nodded. 
“Perfect. Hold it.” She nodded once, and then I pushed power faster into the leech. 
It grunted with the influx, but I kept the tap pouring full blast. My power funneled into the creature, and Nix held it there while it screamed. “Stop.” Its voice was panicked. 
1/3 
Chapter 481 
+25 BONUS 
I stroked its hard body. “I thought you were ravenous?” My voice was soft. “Take it. Take it all.” I slammed all of my power into the leech at once. 
Chapter 482 
Chapter 482 
###Next D 482
My hips hit the table as I staggered. The power bouncing back to me once the leech was burned away was unsteadying. The power tush made my head spin, and I nearly dropped to my knees, But Toya and my mother both wrapped their arms around the “I got you, baby.” My mom’s steady voice stapped me out of the confusion. 
I shook my head to clear it once. “Rick, take the towel away.” He nodded and pulled it from her wound. Her armpit was a mask of red and torn flesh. “Shelly, I command you to heal yourself.” She sighed, and we all watched the skin tipple over her armpit with bated breath. 
“Did ut work?” Termen’s voice was hopeful, but still wary. He didnt want to get his hopes up. 
I held my hand out for the towel, but I realized it was soaked with blood. I looked at Toya. “I think we are going to need more towels.” 
She snorted as she rubbed my side. She turned and went into the kitchen, coming back with a small box full of old rags and a bowl of water. “Like I said…The man was prepared.” She placed it down on the table and dipped a rag into the water before ringing it out. She wiped the place where Shelly’s rune was, and it was gone. 
Shelly tried to look, but couldn’t see anything. “Did it work?” 
I smiled. “It did.” The relief I felt had me sagging against my mom Rick picked her off the table and kissed her. 
“You did amazing, baby.” She smiled and then they hugged. “You did so good.” 
I blew out a breath as I turned to Alannah. “You are next.” She wrapped her arms around her stomach. 
“Will it hurt the baby?” 
I walked around the table. “No more than the rune already is.” I held out my hand. “But once it is gone, your pups will be better off. And they will grow into healthy, happy little kids.” 
Everyone froze. Ternen stepped up next to Alannah. “What did you just say?” 
I smiled and held out my hand, waiting for permission to touch her Alannah nodded, and I pressed my hand on her. “I wasn’t sure until right now. Your perfume has worn off, and I’m a little confused with all the drain, but you have two pups in here. One boy and one girl.” I smiled as I felt the two kicks. “Very active and strong. But two none the less.” 
“Are you sure? Like really sure?” Alannah sounded a little breathless. 
I nodded. “I am. I’m happy we got you out tonight because you are about to explode.” Her eyes grew enormous. “Not literally.” I laughed. “I just meant you are about two and a half months pregnant.” My mom came over and held out her hand. Alannah nodded, and she pressed her hand to her stomach. 
My mom smiled. “Amy is right. Your little ones are lying sideways, almost as if they were helping you hide them, but they have already started to shift. You might be two the size tomorrow morning. Plus, this is the growth window. All pups double or triple in size during the second and third month.” She moved her hand to her own stomach and ballooned them out. “In a month, you are going to be huge.” She smiled. “Take care of this now and let them have the energy they need to grow healthy.” 
Alannah looked at Ternen and then nodded. She walked to the table and Ternen helped her up on to it. Then I got to work. Now that I knew what I was doing, Alannah and the pups were quick work. I was able to kill her leech in less time. But the power rush back was still discombobulating. 
I staggered against my mom as Toya wiped off the bottom of Alannah’s foot. She smiled. “You and your pups are safe.” 
Alannah cried in relief. “Thank you.” She hopped off the table and cried into Ternen’s arms. Their re shook off the weakness and turned to Ternen. 
as palpable. But I 
“You’re next.” Ternen nodded and kissed Alannah, then slid on to the table. Within minutes I had cut the rune off of his neck, this time being more careful than with the others, because it was so close to his throat. Then I dove into his mind. His wolf, a sweet boy trying his best, was terrified in the corner. But he was willing to do anything to protect his mate and pups. 
1/3 
Chapter 482 
We ran together, deeper into the dark than he had been in a very l body tensed right before the leech struck, and I laughed as I fed it it from the inside out. 
Chapter 482 
+25 BONUS 
We ran together, deeper into the dark than he had been in a very long time. Tim, Ternen’s wolf, was a soft grey. His trembling body tensed right before the leech struck, and I laughed as I fed it too much power. Nix and Megan held it to my body as I burned it from the inside out. 
Chapter 483 
Chapter 483 
###Next D 483
1 sat down after Ternen was done. My magic was waning from being pushed out and snapped back to me. The toll on my body. was starting to affect me. I dropped my head between my legs to stop the room from spinning, and to push the bile back down. My mom rubbed my back as I breathed through another wave of nausea. 
“You’re okay baby.” Her voice was soft. 
“We can do this another night.” Rick waved me off: “Go to bed, regain your strength. There is no need to push yourself this much, not for me.” He tried to reason with nie, but he didn’t understand what was on the line. 
I shook my head. “No. I’m okay.” I gagged, the bile making it to my mouth. 
“Amy, look at yourself. You are not good. You are about to throw up all over the floor.” Rick came over to me. “I can wait.” 
I pulled my head up, and I could feel the tears burning behind my eyes. Frustration so thick coated me. I wasn’t this weak, and I hated that my body was betraying me like this. “You don’t understand.” I cleared my throat. “I have to.” 
“You don’t. I promise it’s okay that you don’t get to me tonight.” I shook my head and lifted a hand. He smiled at me and grabbed my hand. “Don’t hurt yourself for me. Not after everything I did to you.” 
I sighed as I watched sweat break out on Rick’s forehead. “No, you misunderstand me.” Rick winced. 
“What do you mean?” His voice sounded a little strained. 
“Vince knows.” My voice trembled as Rick leaned against the table for support. Another wince, and a shaky breath from Rick, had everyone growing quiet. 
“Knows what?” Rick’s eyes were a little too wide. He grunted and then stumbled a step, slamming his hip into the table. 
“He knows you guys have run. He was searching for you until he felt the runes break on everyone.” I sat up and my mom helped me stand as Shelly came over and grabbed Rick. 
“What’s going on?” She looked at Rick. His breathing was coming in small gasps. His hand went to his neck, and he screamed. Shelly looked to me. “Amy?” 
Rick looked at me and he screamed. “No.” He shook his head, then he dropped. 
“Amy!” Shelly screamed. 
“Shelly, I “Get him on the table…quickly.” I called as I grabbed the tiny knife from the box. I had a ghost of a smile as I shook my head. Fucking Carl. “Roll him on to his stomach.” Ternen and Toya had lifted Rick on to the table and then turned him over. need you to trust me.” 
She blew out a breath and walked around the table to sit at the table that Carly sat on and grabbed Rick’s hand. “Do it. What ever you have to do. Just save my mate.” 
“Okay.” I pressed the one inch knife at the base of his neck, right over the brand. This had to be precise. I braced my hand on hid head, steadying it. Then I pressed it through his skin, severing his spinal cord. “Rick, Leommand you not to heal.” 
Toya went to press a towel against the wound, but I stopped her hand. “Are you just going to leave the knife in?” She sounded confused. 
on’t do “I have to. If I take it out, he will die.” I took a breath. “He might stop breathing.” I winced when Shelly jolted u that.” I held up my hand. “Any jarring movement can shift the knife and kill him. Stay still. Pray to the goddess. And hope that I can break the bridge inside of him.” 
I turned to Nix for the last time, and I could see both her and Megan were exhausted. “Last time.” They nodded. 
“Last time.” Nix sank down so I could climb up onto her. “Let’s go save this idiot.” Megan snorted. We trotted through the trees. Saving our energy for whatever we were to face over in Rick 
Chapter 483 
“Do you think it is another leech?” Megan’s voice was tired, but hopeful. 
+25 BONUS 
I shook my head. “I don’t think so.” We ran until the woods shifted from my trees with light streaming through the canopy to darkness. Same trees, but dark shadows, grew all over the place. 
“This doesn’t feel like a dangerous place.” Nix was cautious but still moving through the trees. 
I sent out feelers, but she was right. It didn’t seem dark because it was malicious like the others. This seemed like a quiet, restful place. “What is this place?” 
Megan trotted around us. “This is a place like where I lived before you spoke to me. A safe place to stay hidden. A place to recharge, heal, and relax.” 
I looked around, but Rick’s wolf was nowhere to be seen. “Where is his wolf?” 
###Next D 484
Chapter 484 
There was a howl in the distance. A call full of pain. We looked at each other and started running towards the noise. A second howl ripped through the air, only this time, it broke. We sprinted, because the second howl sounded exhausted, and close to breaking. “We need to make it there.” I called to my wolves. 
“We will.” Nix’s breathing was quick gasps at this point. We have been pushing ourselves way too close to the edge. And if we pushed much more, we would be the ones breaking. But we couldn’t leave Rick or his wolf to die. 
We broke through to a clearing and stumbled to a stop. “What the fuck?” Megan panted next to us, and she dropped to her side. I turned to her. “Are you okay?” 
“Just tired.” She panted for a second before she rolled back to her belly, “What is he doing?” 
We turned back to Rick’s wolf. He was running around the perimeter of the clearing, and he had obviously been running for some time. The ground had worn down into a dirt path. Gone was the green grass that the rest of the field was made out of. 
and We watched as he stumbled and rolled. I winced, because it was clearly painful, but he let out a new howl, popped back up. started running again. I couldn’t see what was going on, but Megan and Nix both hissed at what they saw. “What’s wrong?” 1 leaned forward, trying to see, but the brown wolf was on the other side of the clearing. He stumbled again. This time something happened to his paw, but still he hopped up and hobbled on three legs. “Why doesn’t he stop?” 
Nix started running towards him, and as we got closer, I heard a buzzing. I whipped around, trying to find the source, but Nix just kept running towards the hurt wolf. We drew up beside him, and I realized the male was being chased. Giant bees the size of my thumb were chasing after him, and his poor body was covered in welts. 
He glanced our way and I could see he was barely surviving. He sighed. “Is it time?” His voice was choppy, but resigned. He was ready to let go. 
“Time for what?” I called to him. 
He looked at me. “You’re the goddess, aren’t you? Is it over?” He looked over his shoulder and stumbled over his foot again. This time, he went down hard. The yelp was painful, but when the bee struck, his howl was staggering this close. Every sting was torture. “Please let this be over.” 
“Nix.” I slid off her back and she nodded. She ran to his side, earning a sting for herself. We both screamed. The pain was like being stabbed with a red hot poker. The burning point where the stinger hit was instantly swollen. But something weird happened. After the pain faded, the rush of power that followed was an amazing rush. “How is this possible?” 
“The rune. The creatures are just a manifestation of the rune. The leech was just that, but this creature. It injects pure power into someone.” My grandmother’s voice surprised me. “But if a wolf or person is not made to carry such power, it burns away at them until there is nothing. His wolf is at the brink.” Nix was at his side, and Megan was at their side. I watched as another bee went to strike, but Megan took this sting. I screamed again, but then my mind was a little clearer. 
The leech needed to be over fed to clear it out of the three. But that wouldn’t work with the bees. Nix looked at me. “I need help.” I nodded as I ran over, earning a sting myself. Both my wolves howled as I screamed, but they looked more awake. “Help me get him on my back.” Nix nodded to the wolf below her. I wrapped my arms around his middle and hefted him onto her back. Once he was secure, she started to run the circuit with him on her back. Megan ran behind them, taking any bee stings when she 
could. 
“Nix!” She looked at me. “Find out where the bees are coming from.” I looked, and every time one bee struck, it dropped, but another replaced it. The ground was littered with their bodies. 
“Somewhere in the woods.” She called back. I turned to run the way we came, but Nix called back to me. “To the nor come from the north.” I spun around to the opposite side of the clearing and ran. Every few seconds I screamed, but I kept 
ey all 
pushing. The dark trees were hiding secrets Ineeded to unravel. I threw up a ball of light, and I saw a bee zipping towards the clearing. I ran the way it came until I stumbled upon a huge hive. 
###Next D 485
Chapter 485 
The hive stood as high as high as a telephone pole. There were thousands of bees. If not more. There was a searing pain, as a bee decided I was a target. But the boost just gave me energy I was missing. 
I looked around the clearing, trying to find something to help me, but there was nothing. “Amy…this is stupid, even for you.” I mumbled as I walked over the ground searching for anything that could use to what? Fight bees? But I knew my wolves couldn’t run that stupid circle here indefinitely. And there was no other way around these fucking bees. They only died once they stung someone.. 
The hive was becoming more agitated. Something was making the bees more active, so I walked closer. The bees were starting to swarm around their home. I was stung three times in quick succession, and I nearly fell to my knees. But then I heard it, the reason the bees were becoming more agitated. 
“They are gone Verity.” Vince sounded panicked. I looked around the clearing, but we were in Rick’s mind. Vince wasn’t anywhere near here. “I know they should have been here, but obviously someone got them out.” He screamed his frustration.” Obviously.” I was missing half the conversation, but somehow I knew he was screaming about this right now. I walked closer. Another three bee stings, but I was right next to the hive now. I bit my cheek to keep from screaming out. I needed to hear the rest of whatever was happening. 
“What are you up to?” I whispered. I looked around the clearing, but there was nothing other than this hive. I pulled some magic to me and created a raven. “Search, see if there is another hive hidden in the forest.” It let out a deep croak and then took off. I was able to turn back to the hive, and Vince. 
“Verity, I’m serious. Rick, Shelly, their fucking dead kid. All gone. They even took the fucking omegas!” Vince growled. “What’s the big issue?” He snarled. “Yes, I know they are fucking useless, but I needed Rick.” He paused. “What did you just say?” His voice dropped very low. He was trying not to lose it. “Not you Verity, Brandon, what?” Vince let out a growl. “The omega was pregnant? How can you be so sure?” Brandon said something because Vince let out a dark laugh. “When we find them, I am going to enjoy taking out the punishment on her. She was only this lucky because she found her mate before I could get my hands in her.” Verity had obviously said something because he snapped out. “No! I can’t trace them. I fucking tried. That’s why I called you!” I snickered. He was losing it. Over a few people, he deemed useless. “The power was cut off. So no, I can’t just take everything from them. Are you stupid? You said it yourself the kids weren’t fucking ready…AGAIN.” Goddess, I wish I could hear the other side of the conversation. “Yes, I am still connected to the rest of the pack. Those connections are still in place, thank the goddess.” I growled that time, earning a new sting. Vince giving thanks to the goddess like this was in any way a part of her plan made me angry. “The Rick one? What are you talking about?” 
“Fuck.” The hive was becoming more agitated with me being so close to it. But Vince’s voice kept fading in a and out, and I could barely hear him over the buzzing of the bees. I stepped closer, earning another angry welt. Nix and Megan’s howls hurt me, but this was the only way. 
“I haven’t checked if Rick’s power rune was still active. What would that do for us anyway, other than waste fucking power?” There was a pause. “I haven’t even thought about him. But we might as well. I don’t need him opening his fucking mouth. If Gavin was still alive, I would be more worried, but what is he going to do?” Vince’s laugh was cut off. “What do you mean the king is still keeping track of Amy? I thought you had him under your fucking control?” The whole hive started to vibrate. “So if Rick somehow gets closer to the king because of that bitch, we are fucked?” Vince growled again, louder this time. “Fine, kil him, but make it painful.” The bees seemed to all start moving at once. 
The hive started shook. The entire thing was getting ready to empty and if I let that happen without somehow distracting them, then Tick was going to die. I searched the ground again and my foot kicked a thick branch under the hive. I sunk to a crouch and wrapped my fingers around the club. The buzzing got louder as I stood back up. 
I took a step back as the first bees flew out of the nest, and I swung 
###Next D 486
The bees swarmed me. I was the new threat. They would kill me first and then move on to Rick. Or so they thought. I kept swinging. The hive was still paper thin, so each swing took out a section. But I was taking sting after sting. 
My body was on fire. I felt like my skin was melting from my bones Each sting was a new ember on the pyre that was my broken, exhausted body. But still I kept swinging. I heard howls off in the distance, but it was the screams that would haunt me for years to come. I thought it was the wolves at first, but then 1 realized whose screams ripped through the air. 
They were my screams. 
The buzzing from the bees had morphed into a windstorm, but it was my screams that shook the trees. My screams that darkened the sky. My screams that sounded like the humans idea of hell. My screams echoed around the forest, and bounced off the trees back to me, creating this echoing chamber of terror and desperation. 
I was being tortured, but I couldn’t stop. If I stopped, Rick died. And I couldn’t let down his little girl. Her face was the only thing that kept me swinging. Tiny larva were falling like acorns around me as I attacked the hive. Their tiny bodies hitting the ground sounded like a soft rain. The bees kept stinging; I kept swinging until I saw her. 
The queen. 
She was three times the size of her drones, and her stinger looked to be as long as my middle finger. Her wings looked too weak to hold her up, thank the goddess. She vibrated angrily at me as I took aim. I swung the stick, and I was stung ten times at once. I dropped to my knees. My blood had turned to molten metal in my veins. 
I screamed so loud my jaw cracked. The burning pain was blinding, but the energy that came with it was like a match. It ignited the surrounding air. My body, my magic, my life had whittled down to the white hot pain. My skin must have burned away, leaving the muscle open because every breeze felt like knives. 
The hive was swarming around me, pulling in tighter and tighter, trying to kill me. But they underestimated how much power I can take in. I screamed again as a bee stung me in the eye. I had thought I knew pain, but that one made my brain shut down for a minute. The fire under m, y skin was building, and I didn’t know how I was going to release it. 
“Amy!” I heard Nix call, but I was burning. I could only scream. “Release it!” Release it? Release what? All I had was fire. I tried to open my eyes, but only one opened. I could see a tired Nix, welted and limping at the edge of the clearing through the gaps between the bees. Megan, I could only assume, was still running with Rick’s wolf. I couldn’t tell. Their pain had faded as mine took over. That thought cleared my mind for a second. My wolves were in pain. Nix caught my gaze. “Release the fire.” She 
screamed at me. 
“I can’t.” I screamed back. More bees found a bit of flesh to sting me. But the pain was starting to dissipate. It was as if my body was stripped bare, nerves burned away. 
“Yes, you can. You have the ability to do anything. You have two wolves, you have magic, and you are the strongest person I have ever met. You can do anything.” Nix called to me. I could see her wince at every sting, but she was able to stand still, and I didn’t see how. She must have seen the confusion on my face, because she called out. “You shut down our link. You are keeping most of the pain away from us. Just let it out.” 
“I don’t know how.” I cried back, frustration and pain warring in my system. 
“Burn Amy, burn it all.” She called, and it was the switch. 
Between one breath and another, the fire that was under my skin exploded from my lips. The scream that had built behind my teeth turned into a column of fire that ignited the bees and the nestalike. Bodies fell, the nest flaked away, and the queen caught on fire. Vince’s voice reached my ears past the burning. 
“What do you mean you can’t reach Rick? How is this fucking possible?” There was a pause. “NO!” His voice faded as the nest burned away. 
I dropped like a sack of potatoes. The remaining bees that had somehow survived were still dive bombing me, but their stings barely registering anymore. Nix came over and she nudged herself under me. Once she was sure I was secure, she ran. 
###Next D 487
Chapter 487 
‘Baby?” I felt a cool cloth on my forehead. I wanted to answer, but nothing would work. My body was frozen in place, my skin was still hot to the touch, my mouth was dry, and my eyes were swollen. “I’m here.” I felt my mother wiping me down, the cooling cloth bringing a bit of peace. “That’s my girl. You have to fish this. We don’t know how to. Wake up, baby.” “Here.” I felt something press to my lips, and then cold water was trickled down my throat. Instinctively, I swallowed a mouthful. And then another. The relief was instant, and I moaned greedily drinking more water down. 
“Baby, I know you’re tired, but you need to finish the ritual with Rk.” She was being nice, but I could hear the panic just below the surface. 
I cracked an eye and had to blink a few times before I could see clearly enough to make out her face. “Mom?” She nodded. 
“You have done so good, baby, but you have to finish it.” She rubbed the cool cloth over my face, waking me up a little more. I blinked a few more times and then nodded. 
“I’m okay.” I sighed as she dropped me back to my feet. “I can finish.” I wobbled on my weak legs for a second before I locked my knees. I waved off my mom and Toya. I took a deep breath before I turned to face Rick. “Okay, Rick.” I grabbed the knife with one hand and pressed down with the other. The knife slipped out easily, and I slammed power into Rick. “I command you to heal.” There was no question in my words. No give. He had to heal. Because if he didn’t, he would die. 
There was nothing for a few seconds, and I started to worry that his wolf was too weak to heal his body when Shelly leaned over to his ear. “You better do as Amy told you to do, or else I’m going to be so fucking pissed off at you.” She was silently crying, but still she was on him. “You better believe if I have to raise our pup alone, I am going to track your ass down when I die. You don’t get to leave. Do you hear me? You better heal yourself, you selfish bastard, or I will curse you every day and make sure Abby grows up to love fruit cake.” 
The skin on his neck started to knit together, and everyone held their breath. I pushed more and more power into Rick, giving his weak body the boost he needed to heal and come back. Finally, after much too long, he took a deep breath, and his eyes fluttered open. 
“You wouldn’t dare give our girl fruit cake.” His words were soft, but Shelly broke down into tears. 
“You are damn right I would have, just to spite you.” She leaned in and kissed Rick’s lips 
scared me.” 
over and over. “You asshole. You 
picked me up, like I was still My mom looked over at everyone. “I think it’s time for bed.” Alannah and Ternen nodded. My mom a child. “Toya, can you show the couple to your bedroom? I’ll take my upstairs. Shelly…are you okay to help your mate?” 
Shelly looked up and nodded. “Yeah. We will be fine down here.” 
My mom smiled. “Good. We will all see each other in the morning, and we can talk all about what happened today.” Everyone nodded. Then she turned and started up the stairs. “Goodnight.” 
We walked past Wendy, who was watching over the girls, and Lynn who stepped out just to nod. “Goodnight Luna.” 
My mom smiled and kissed Lynn’s cheek. “Goodnight, sweet girl. Remember…” 
Lynn nodded. “He can’t hurt me ever again.” She gave a ghost of a smile. “I know.” 
“But you will feel better when he’s dead.” Lynn nodded once, then went back to her room. 
My mom closed the door behind us, and she looked down at me. “Eed or bath first?” 
I sighed. On one hand, I wanted to sleep, but on the other, I was covered in sweat and probably worse. “Bath.” I sighed. 
“Okay.” She put me down on the counter and started the water. “I know you had to do what you did because of who you are. But never do that to me again.” She turned to me, and her eyes grew misty. “You scared the shit out of me, Amy.” 
“I’m sorry.” I leaned against the mirror. “But-” 
1/3 
Chapter 487 
“But you couldn’t not save him.” She finished. 
“Yeah…” 
“You know you can’t save everyone. 
“” She turned off the water and lifted me over to the tub. 
+25 BONUS 
“I couldn’t save Carl.” I looked away from her eyes. “But I could save Rick for Abby.” 
She watched me for a few minutes before she kissed me, “Call me when you’re done.” She pulled a few towels to the side with my robe. Then she left me alone. 
###Next D 488
Chapter 488 
The next day I was energized. The pain was almost forgotten. I cret out of the house in the early morning, tiptoeing past Rick and Shelly. As soon as I hot grass, I shifted, allowing Nix to go for a run. Then Megan will have her turn. 
Nix ran along the cliff and then turned towards the trees. “The cliff is beautiful, but it’s the trees that call to me.” She chuffed as she wove between the trees. The dampness of the moss and small grass collected on our fur. Nix took a deep breath. “I wish life was like this. Peaceful. Quiet.” 
Megan chuffed out laugh. You would get so bored in less than five minutes. Megan turned to me. She is a queen that thinks she would be content in the slums. 
I threw my head back at that. Very true. I think she is just restless. 
“She can hear you.” Nix snorted out as she ran. We caught a whiff of someone from Vince’s pack, so she went the opposite way. With in minutes, someone was chasing us. “Oh, this should be fur” Nix took off. 
She ran through the trees in winding circles. Every so often, she caught the scent of another wolf. Vince’s trackers were out in full force. She had all of them on her tail after her second circle, and she was playing with them. By the fourth time around, she had scouted a downed tree and chuckled to herself. 
Megan. She called to us. Pump out our scent. 
Why? Megan hopped up and ran to the clearing. I followed behin 
Because. Nix laughed. We are going to have a little fun. 
Megan did as she asked. The smell overtook the clearing, and the trackers picked up their pace. Nix started a new circuit, and when we came close to the downed tree, she forced a shift. One second Megan was next to me, the next, Nix was beside me. 
Hide in the tree as I hide out scent. Nix snuffed the candle and sent a push of air 
climbed into the tree. Stay still. 
The trackers ran by and then froze. “Where did she go?” 
Another skidded to a stop. “I…don’t…know.” He whipped around in confusion. 
us, shifting the scent away as Megan 
They searched the area, and came back with nothing. “She couldn’t have just disappeared.” Another said, but one tracker laid 
down. 
n going to be honest. We all know he is 
“Who cares?” I recognized the voice as Thane, one of the guards I used to help train. “I’m going searching for Amy, and I, for one, ain’t going to be the one to turn her in, 
“Thane, you can’t say shit like that. We have a job to do.” 
Thane just laughed. “Do what you want, but we all know Amy is the one in the right. Brandon chose Shannon in front of their entire neighbourhood. How is she supposed to move on from that? We are all not stupid enough to believe Brandon would have kept fucking the pack bike. Shannon does whatever he wants.” 
“Thane for fuck sakes.” Another called. 
“You can yell all you want, Clark, but I’m right and you know it.” Thane stretched his back. 
“It doesn’t matter. Vince is our Alpha. Not Amy.” Clark settled next to Thane. “I know she has helped us, and she is the best alpha I have ever met, but we have a job to do.” Clark looked out at the trees. “She took pack members. We need to get them back. 
“What if they don’t want to come back, Clark?” Thane shot up while the rest just watched. “What if they left for a reason?” 
Clark shook his head. “If they had, they would have cut ties with the pack.” 
Thane snorted. “You and I both know if a wolf severs its pack bonds without another to take its place, they become rogue.” 
Chapter 488 
Thane shook his head. “They are probably waiting until they find a safe place to run to.” 
“Vince is really pissed about Rick taking off.” A third tracker tossed out. “He must have known some things Vince didn’t want to get out.‘ 
Clark snarled. “It doesn’t matter. Vince is our alpha.” 
“That’s right.” A dark voice trailed from the trees, making everyone freeze. Vince slipped out of the trees and walked right up to Thane. “I am your alpha and to say that I’m disappointed would be an understatement.” He lunged, snapping Thane’s neck and dropping him to the ground. “The brotherhood doesn’t allow traitors to live.” The other trackers snapped into formation, while Thane struggled in pain while his wolf worked to heal the broken neck. “What Alpha Amy has or hasn’t done is none of your business. Just that I am looking for her and missing pack members Do your job or die.” Vince turned. “Like Thane here.” I wanted to jump out and stop what I knew was coming. But I felt someone holding me here. I knew if I left, I would die. I held my breath as Vince ripped his head from his body. “I told you to search the forest by the school, not here. The others have arrived. Let’s go.” 
S 
###Next D 489
Chapter 489 
Chapter 489 
+25 BONUS 
I stayed where I was for a long time, staring at Thane’s body, my body trembling with the rage that was coursing through me. 
How fucking dare he. Thane was a good wolf. 
Clarke is dead. Nix’s voice was low and murderous. When we get control of the pack, we will make sure all the wolves that supported Vince blindly will be dead, right along with him. Nix looked at me. We have to go. My rage kept building until I started to scream. Nix came to my side and pressed me into the ground, then she laid on me. Amy, calm down until we get back to the cabin. If we are stupid about this, Vince will trail us back to Carly. 
That worked to snap me out of my anger. No matter how pissed I was, I wouldn’t risk our pup. He killed Thane. 
re. 
That 
Nix looked at me, and she nodded. Yes, but we have people to protect, and the fact that the goddess, or our grandmother, held us here makes me think we are up against more than Vince and his trackers. Nix pushed up. He said the others ar means the brotherhood is here. 
More reason to go kill them all. I cut in, but she just shook her head at me. 
You aren’t seeing this clearly, and I get it. You were friends with Thane. I liked Thorn, his wolf. But killing high ranked wolves might be a good idea right now for you, but we can’t keep getting lucky. They probably have Verity with them, too. We can’t fight magic and wolves at the same time. I scoffed. Not without any backup. She looked at me. Let’s stick to the plan. Head to our father’s pack, remove the threat of the rogues, and then get in place for Vince and his brotherhood. 
I stared at her for longer than I should have. Megan decided for both of us. She snuck out of the log and started a winding path back to the cabin. We kept our scent off and froze every few seconds, just in case someone was close enough to spot us. I wove a spell that created lookalikes for Megan and sent them in every direction. 
We spotted one wolf in the distance and dropped under the cover of a bush. I wanted to scream how frustrated I was, but Megan and Nix kept me under wraps. Why am I struggling this much? My words were a soft whisper, but Nix still heard me. 
Our heat is coming in fast, so our emotions are running high. Nix nuzzled my shoulder. 
Why aren’t you and Megan more affected? My anger was still bubbling away under the surface. 
She pulled back as if I slapped her. You have locked us out still. 
What? I shook my head. That’s not true… I trailed off as I said it because if I was being honest, I don’t even re4member shutting 
them off. 
Megan called back an agreement. Yeah, you are keeping everything locked up tight. Have been since the bees. 
Nix settled next to me and put her head on my lap. You did. You did your best to save us from the pain, which, while appreciated, wasn’t necessary. I know you did it so we could focus on Rick’s wolf. But you shut the door between us, and you have been bottling up everything on your side. 
We know you are trying to protect us. But this is becoming a bit of an issue. You are dealing with the all the frustration and anger that comes before a heat. BUT you are doing it alone. 
Nix rolled and looked up at me. Let us back in Amy. We can handle the burden together, instead of apart. I stared at my wolf for a few more seconds before I closed my eyes and looked for the door. Nix snorted. Get up. 
I snapped my eyes open. What? 
Get up. Nix nudged my side. You are thinking as if you are fronting But you are already here in your mind. Closing your eyes to visualize something doesn’t work if you are already here. Get up. She nudged me again and I stood. Follow me. 
We started jogging. She ran through the trees, past the clearing with my magic, and over to the far side. I looked around. Where are we? 
This is deeper inside of you. You passed by here in the dark when you met Megan and your magic, when they lived hidden away from you. She ran a little longer and stopped beside an ornate door. The filigree moulding was out of place here in my mind. Fancy, isn’t it? 
1/3 
Chapter 489 
What the hell is a random door doing here? And why does it look like this? 
+25 BONUS 
Nix snorted. You don’t recognize the door? 1 shook my head. When we were about three or four. Our father took us to the King’s palace. Rowan was a teenager who hated everything about us, but this is a door there. You fell in love with it. Nix looked at me. Now open it. 
I took a step, wrapped my fingers around the knob, and pushed it open. 
Chapter 490 
###Next D 490
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 490 
The anger dissipated a little, and I felt like I could think clearly. I took a deep breath as Megan ran the rest of the way to the cabin and we shifted right as the back door opened. My mother stepped out with a frown. “Where have you been?” She growled softly. “I woke up, and you were gone.” 
I snorted. “I went for a run.” I tried to slip past her, but her hand snapped out. 
“That’s all?” Her eyes tightened, but I just kissed her. 
“Let’s sit down for breakfast and I’ll go over what happened.” She watched me for another second and then nodded. We walked into the cabin and Wendy was serving the two girls breakfast. 
“Hey.” She turned to me and lifted a brow. “You went out early.” I nodded. 
I turned to the two girls. “Once you two eat breakfast, can you guys do me a favor?” I walked over to Carly and kissed her head. 
“Of course.” Carly bounced as she smiled up at me. 
“Yes.” Abby smiled. 
I looked her over and rubbed her head. “How are you feeling today?” 
Abby’s smile got bigger. “Great.” She did a little shimmy in her chair. “Better than any of my best days.” She looked up at me with wide, happy eyes. “Am I really cured?” 
“You tell me.” I laughed. “You just said that you feel better than you have felt, even on your best days.” 
She nodded. “I’m not tired and there is no pain.” 
Rick and Shelly came to the doorway for the dining room. I winked at them over Abby’s head. “Any symptoms at all?” I questioned with a raised eyebrow. 
She really thought about it before she shook her head. “I feel good.” 
“Then I think we have our answer.” I looked up at the duo in the doorway. “How do you both feel?” 
They looked at each other, then Rick stepped into the room. “Amy, I don’t know how I am ever going to thank you. You saved my family.” He grabbed my hand. “You saved my pup, and that would have been enough for me. But then you saved Shelly, and I knew Abby was going to be safe. I never expected you to save me. Not after everything I did to you.” 
“Rick.” Shelly grabbed his other hand, but Rick shook his hand. 
“You saved me even when I didn’t deserve it.” He dropped to his knees. “Wraith told me what you did.” He dropped his head. “I hadn’t heard from my wolf in almost two years, and I didn’t know why.” He looked up with tears. “He was busy saving me, and I was too stupid to realize it. But now, he has been catching me up on everything. Starting with what you did.” 
“Rick.” I pulled him up to his feet, and Shelly wrapped her arms around his back. “You don’t have to thank me.” I nudged him and he finally met my eyes. “You might think you are not worthy of being saved. But I don’t agree with you. And…” I paused as he shook his head. “Neither does the goddess.” I patted his shoulder. “Can you get the others? We need to talk, and the girls have agreed to play upstairs while we do it.” 
I looked back at the two girls who met my eyes and started to shovel the food into their mouths. “Be done in a minute.” Abby talked around her full mouth, making me laugh. 
“It’s okay, sweet girl. I’m going to have a quick shower, and then we can reconvene here.” I patted both of the girls as I headed up the stairs, I met Lynn on the upstairs landing. She looked a little antsy. “How are you doing?” 
She took a breath and straightened her shoulders. “Honest answer?” She asked, and I nodded. “I still hear his breathing when I’m in the dark, but I’m better than I was.” I nodded and raised a hand to touch her on the shoulder. I waited until she nodded before I pushed that last inch to rub her arm. 
1/3 
Chapter 490 
+25 BONUS 
“Bright side?” She looked at nie. “We are leaving today.” I watched her tense. “He will be dead within the week.” 
She shuddered. “I don’t know if I’m that ready.” Her voice was a whisper. 
“You are.” My mother’s voice rang out behind us. We both turned 
see her coming up the rest of the stairs. “And if you aren’t, 
then Amy can help you take out the threat. But,” she came over and grabbed Lynn’s hand. “You are stronger than you think you are. And you can do this.” 
Lynn took a deep breath and then nodded. “I can do this.” 
My mom nodded. “You hold the power to your own destiny. And you can take back your life.” 
Lynn nodded, then turned to me. “I’ll be ready.” 
“Good.” Then I left them to shower. 
###Next D 491
Chapter 491 
“Okay.” I slid into a chair and looked at everyone there. “Lynn, Toya, and I will leave today to head back to my father’s pack. You guys will be here, with my mom and Wendy, to keep you guys safe I’ll come back with food if you need anything, but don’t plan on being here long.” 
There were a few looks. “Why can’t we just come with you?” Shelly looked at my mom. “I hope you aren’t offended. I just want to stay with Amy.” She smiled, but it was a grimace. 
My mom laughed. “Not at all. I understand why you want to stick with her.” 
I leaned in. “Honestly, if I had the choice, everyone would come with me today. But Rick has someone with magic. They can’t trace you here, because of the shield I erected.” I held up a hand. “And before you ask, I have no ability to erect another one strong enough to hide everyone in the pack,” 
Alannah tilted her head. “How did you make this one?” 
I looked down at my hands. “Carly’s father.” I looked up and met her eyes. “He was the last shaman and knew what was going to happen. He made sure that his death wouldn’t be wasted.” I looked away. “His death, blood, and sacrifice are fueling the shield. It isn’t something I could recreate, even if I wanted to. His love is keeping this place safe.” 
Everyone nodded, but Rick looked disappointed, “So we won’t be able to fight with you?” 
I shook my head. “But there is something else you can do.” 
Rick perked up. “What? I’ll do anything?” 
I held up a finger and ran upstairs. I came down with my computer and slid it to him. “Vince’s mainframe is on here. We need names, we need connections, bank trails. Everything.” 
Rick nodded. “I can have the information in a day.” I just looked at him but he smiled. “Believe me. I know where he hides his files, and I helped create the security. The hardest part will be tracking everything down.” 
“Good.” Then I turned. “Alannah and Ternen, if you could just help where you can.” Alannah and Ternen brightened. “You guys are probably more inclined with half the stuff around here and I know Wendy and my mom would love the help.” 
“Yes.” Ternen smiled. “If you don’t mind, I love to cook. I could take over meals.” 
Wendy bounced. “Oh my goddess, yes. I suck at it.” 
Two giggles were heard from upstairs. “She does.” Carly’s voice floated from upstairs. 
Wendy laughed. “See.” 
Ternen smiled. “I haven’t been able to cook since Vince moved me out of the kitchens. I miss it.” 
Alannah smiled. “I can help with chores.” She rubbed her stomach that doubled over night. “I’m starting to get nesty.” 
My mom smiled and patted her hand. “You have to rest. But I will be doing morning trainings, even for you two.” She looked at Ternen and Alannah. “I will give you a pregnancy friendly workout But no one in my pack will be helpless.” I raised an eyebrow and my mom smiled. “If you two are okay with it, I’ll teach Abby the same training as I have Carly doing. It’s good to start them early.” Rick and Shelly both nodded. 
“Now.” I sat back. “Since that is all settled. Let’s talk about what happened last night, and this morning.” 
Rick looked at his hands. “Amy…” 
I just reached over and patted his hands. “I know the three of you know what happened with your wolves. But I just want to tell everyone.” Everyone nodded their consent. “So the first three, Shelly, Ternen and Alannah, all had the same creature in their minds. A leech, if you will. I’m telling you, just in case you ever run into this.” Toya and Wendy leaned in. “It lives in the recesses of their mind. Where your wolf feels the safest. It hides in the shadows and drops down on your wolf, feeding from it.” 
Chapter 491 
+25 BONUS 
Wendy shivered. “What does it look like?” 
Almost like a black centipede.” She gagged, making me smile. “The only way I could kill it was by force feeding it power. It’s eats away at you slowly over time. It can’t handle lots of power. Push it into it, and it will explode.” 
Wendy bit her lip. “What if I’m not strong enough?” 
“You are. It doesn’t take much, honestly. It’s not built to withstand much power. It sips at you and injects you with fear so you feel stuck until you are too weak to fight back.” I tapped at the table. “Now your wolves know what to look out for.” I turned to Rick. “Now your monster was different.” 
He nodded. “Bees.” 
“Yeah.” I rubbed my eye as phantom pain exploded there. “When they stung, their stinger felt like your but you got a boost of energy. There was a giant hive, feeding your energy but also torturing your wolf. H the time I got there.” 
“But you killed them and saved me.” Rick looked a little lost. 
“And almost died doing it.” My mom cut in. 
###Next D 492
Chapter 492 
I waved her off. “I was fine, hurt, but fine.” I smiled as she growled at me. “I woke up with a burst of energy. So I went for a run.” I sighed as I pushed my chair back. I needed to move. “Everything was fine, but then I sniffed a tracker from Vince’s pack.” 
Rick stiffened. “How close?” 
“Not close enough. The shield hides your scent here, so don’t leave the area and you guys will be fine.” 
My mom nodded. “We train directly nest to the house. We don’t go farther than that.” 
“I ran away from here, anyway.” I smiled. “I scented more than I went. By the time I collected them all, I had five trackers on me, and we were running in giant circles.” My mom snorted. “Nix shut off our scent and shifted to Megan. She hid, confusing the trackers and just enjoying herself.” I smiled, but then I thought of Thane, and my smile dropped. 
“What?” My mom grabbed my hand. 
“One tracker was Thane.” I met my mom’s eyes and I watched her face fall. 
“No.” She shook her head. 
“Yeah. The trackers searched for a while, but then Thane dropped to the ground. He spoke, saying he didn’t want to find me.” 
My mom raised her shoulder. “Of course. He’s in love with you.” 
I froze. “What?” 
My mom just furrowed her brow. “You had to know, baby. That’s why he asked to train with you.” I felt my heart sink. 
“I was just good at tracking.” I just shook my head. 
My mom smiled. “Baby, he was hoping you would fall for him. But he would not approach you until you came of age. He was really hoping to be your mate.” She patted my hand. “He’s play that he wasn’t though. We talked before I left.” She sat back.” He told me he was asking to transfer out.” 
“He’s gone.” 
“Honestly Amy, you might want to give him a chance.” She laughed. But then her face fell. “What did you say?” 
“He’s gone.” I was staring at the floor. 
“I’m…what?” Rick leaned over the table to look at my face. 
“Thane and Clarke got into an argument about me. Thane said he wasn’t going to catch us or hand us over to Vince. But Vince was there, and he hopped out. He snapped Thanes‘ neck, and the others snapped to attention.” I swallowed, my mouth suddenly dry. “Vince had said the brotherhood doesn’t keep traitors alive. Told the others to go help them look closer to the school for us, and then Vince killed Thane.” My mom slapped a hand over her mouth, but Rick slammed a hand on the table. 
“It’s not your fault.” I reeled back from the words to find Toya staring at me. 
“What?” 
“It’s not your fault this Thane was killed.” She kept staring into my eyes. “I know you. If you attacked six men, you would have been killed.” Her words hit closer than I was willing to say. “You are strong, but not immortal. You would have died.” 
My mom’s fingers trailed over my clenched fist. “Amy, she’s right 
I shook my head. “I know, but it doesn’t change that it was my fault.” I knocked on the table again. “Anyway. The brotherhood… who ever they are, are closing ranks. That means something is going to be happening soon.” I wiped at my face and then focus on everyone. “That means we have to be quicker. We have days to strengthen our position in this war before they finally make their move towards the King.” 
My mom stared at me for an extra second before she turned to look around the table. “Okay, then. Rick, get started on that 
11/3 
Chapter 492 
+25 BONUS 
laptop. Why don’t we go strip the bedrooms upstairs and make sure everyone is in their bedrooms by tonight?” My mom pressed out from the table. Then she turned to me. “If it’s possible I need you to ensure the houses are locked down, and that there is no way someone can get through the closet before you leave.” 
I nodded. “Yeah.” 
My mom turned to Lynn. “Let’s go for a walk before you leave.” She held out her hand and waited for Lynn to join her. “Let’s go.” The two turned and walked out the kitchen door. It all switched so fast, I think everyone was confused. 
“What was that?” Alannah asked. 
I smiled. “My mom doesn’t like feeling out of control. She has to stay here to protect you, and me leaving to go to war is making her antsy.” 
“She can go.” Rick looked up from the laptop screen that he had cracked open when my mom said to. everyone with Wendy.” 
(( 
take care of 
I nodded. “I know. But I have a feeling that she is going to be needed here.” I reached over and patted his arm. “She does too. She is okay with staying. She’s just worried, is all.” I pushed up from my chair. “Toya, make sure you are ready in fifteen minutes. I’m going to check the closet.” 
###Next D 493
Chapter 493 
I double checked the house in Vince’s pack was still secure. I could fell that someone had been trying to get in. There were boot prints on the front door, and cracks in the glass door. Thank you for werewolf proof glass. I used a little magic to fix the glass door and then I reenforced the house before I sealed my bedroom and closet doors. 
I grabbed my second phone, the only one I could contact my dad with, and left the other. There was really no reason to bring it around any longer. I sent a quick message to my dad, letting him know I was about to head to the pack house. Then I headed downstairs. 
Toya was waiting near the front door. My mother and Lynn were still walking around outside, but it was Carly’s patient face that had my steps slowing. She looked up when she heard me and smile, but I could see the sadness in her eyes. “You’re leaving again?” 
I nodded. “I have to.” She nodded. “You understand, right?” I walked over and sat next to her, pulling her to my side. 
She nodded but picked at her little fingers. “I know.” She sounded so small. “I just miss you.” 
“Oh sweetheart, I miss you, too. Once all of this is over, I promise you will have me every day. We will spend our days here, in the pack, and traveling. You will get to go to school and make friends. 
She perked up at that. “I can go to school?” 
“Of course!” I ruffled her hair. “Once all of this mess is cleared up, we will be able to do whatever you want.” 
She smiled, but I watched it slip away. “You promise you will be careful? Even when it’s all done?” 
“Of course, baby.” I leaned over and kissed her temple. Then I stood up. “Give me a hung before I leave.” She jumped into my arms and I squeezed. “Be good for Wendy and grandma Ainsley, okay?” 1 
“Okay.” She pulled back. “When you come back, can we visit my daddy?” 
“Of course.” I put her down on the couch. “I’ll see if I can get him here to sit down with you and catch up…how does that sound?” 
She nodded. “Good.” She paused, and I watched her eyes glaze over, turning white. Toya walked over as she noticed the shift, too. “Be careful, tri–spirit.” Her voice was deeper than normal. “The end is near, and if you aren’t vigilant enough, you will lose your life. The shaman has seen the different paths that can unfold. Keep her words close to you. All it takes is once misstep, and 
all is lost.” 
I looked at Toya, and I could see her mind spinning. But I just raised my shoulder. “I will.” Carly’s eyes cleared, and she smiled 
at me. 
“I’ll miss you too, Aunty Toya.” Carly launched herself up into Toya’s arms and she hugged her tight. 
“And I you, little mouse.” Toya clutched her to her chest. “I cannot wait to have pups of my own because I know you will be a good big sister to them.” Toya kissed her head. “You are just as much mine as you are Amy’s. You know that, right?” Toya pulled back and Carly laughed. 
“I know.” Then her face grew solemn again. “Watch over her.” She looked back at me. “She is going to need a lot of support and guidance.” 
Toya smirked. “As she always does.” They laughed together and then Wendy walked into the room. 
“Abby is waiting for you upstairs.” Wendy stuck a thumb and pointed back up the stairs. “She said something was ready?” Wendy sounded confused, but Carly looked excited as she wiggled out of Toya’s arms. 
“The tea party is ready.” She squealed. 
“What?” The three of us asked at the same time. 
Alannah came out of the kitchen laughing. “Abby asked me to help her throw a tea party. Carly is the guest of honor.” Alannah winked at us. “But Wendy is right. Ternen just delivered the snack and drinks upstairs. Everyone else is already at her table. 
Chapter 493 
+25 BONUS 
They are just waiting on you.” 
Carly squealed as she ran upstairs. I watched her go before I quickly looked at Alannah. “How are you felling?” I walked over and raised my hand, waiting for permission before I touched her swollen belly. 
She laughed. “I thought you and your mom were just joking about my stomach, but just look at me. I’m a balloon.” She chuckled again as I felt a kick. Her face grew a little serious. “I didn’t realize how tired and sick I had felt until I woke up today. I woke up rested, happy, and strong for the first time in months.” She rubbed her stomach. “You saved us, and I don’t know if I will ever be able to thank you enough. But my boys will know how much you did for us.” 
I kissed her cheek. “You deserve to be happy.” I stepped back. “Stay close and stay safe.” She nodded once before Toya and f turned and left out the front door. 
###Next D 494
Lynn was waiting with my mother outside. They both looked up as we left the house. She started to shake a little, but Toya and I both pretended not to see. “Ready to go?” I called. 
My mom smiled and rubbed her shoulder. “Lynn wanted to ask a favor.” 
I walked over and waited. “Okay…” 
Lynn shuffled for a few seconds. “I know that this is just a bandaid And it won’t help me process anything that has happened.” She was stalling and trying to explain herself. 
“Just ask.” I tipped my head to the side and waited. 
She met my eyes and I saw panic there. “I’m terrified to leave. So much so that my wolf is digging into me. She feels safe here, and we haven’t felt safe since leaving 
our pack.” 
That was a kick to the stomach e.” I looked 
at my mom. “Faked you.” 
Lynn shook her head. “No. Amy you didn’t “/ 
She grabbed my hand “You had things you had to do.” 
I nodded. “But I should have kept a better eye on you and what was happening.” I rubbed my thumb over the side of her hand. “I owe you.” She shook her head. “Just tell me what you need. Do you need to stay here? Done. I won’t make you leave.‘ 
She shook her head more vigorously. 
“Then how can I help?” I watched 
not that.‘ 
“> 
fight with her words. My mom stepped closer to her and rubbed her back. 
“You can do this.” My mom’s words seemed to bolster her. 
Lynn met my eyes again, and I still saw the panic, but something else was there. A hidden strength she probably didn’t even know she had. “I want you to command me to not be afraid.” 
I reeled back like I was slapped. “What?” My gaze snapped to my moms, but she was focused on Lynn. “Lynn…” 
“Before you say no, can you listen to my reasoning first?” She rushed out. I watched her for a second and then nodded. 
“Of course.” 
She shuddered. She was obviously worried I would have said no before she could try to reason with me. “I’m terrified to leave.” She started. “But I need to leave. I can’t stay here for the rest of my life. I have a pack, a position in that pack, and potentially a second chance out there. But mainly…I need to take back my strength. Derek needs to die, and I need to see it through. I won’t be able to move on without it. He has become my boogyman.” Her face morphed into a mask of hatred. “He doesn’t deserve to have that much power over anyone. Including me. He took a bond that was supposed to be sacred and turned into torture.” She looked lost as her brain forced her back to that place. I squeezed her hand, and I watched her eyes struggle to focus back on me. If you take the fear away, then I can function. I can do my job. I can keep my rank and dignity in our pack. But most of all.” She looked down top the ground. “If you take the fear away, when I see Derek, I won’t be back there in that dark room. He won’t have power over me anymore. And I will be able to kill him.” 
“You can kill him now.” Toya tossed out softly. Her support was unwavering. 
But Lynn shook her head. “Physically? Yes. I can.” She seemed to gain a bit of strength from that. “Mentally? I don’t know if I am strong enough yet. But we have run out of time.” She lifted her hand. “I’m shaking this hard just thinking about leaving my room for a night. Being back in the pack terrifies me because if they see what I have become, they will shun me.” 
“That’s not true.” I whispered to her. “And I think deep down you know that.” 
Lynn sighed. “In my heart, I know you are right. Our pack is amazing, but in my mind.” She shook her head. “In my mind, in my wolfs mind, we are trapped. Cornered. And she is willing to kill anyone that comes too close.” She met my eyes. 
“You are afraid of yourself.” My words surprised even me, but Lynn nodded. 
1/3 
Chapter 494 
+25 BONUS 
“I don’t want to hurt anyone just because they patted my back. Or walked too close at night.” She stepped closer, and I watched a tear trail down her face. “You can remove the command after everything is done, and I swear I will go into seclusion until I am healthy enough to be around the pack safely. But right now, we don’t have an option.” 
I looked between Lynn, Toya, and finally my mother. “Mom?” 
She looked at Lynn. “While I have raised you to not command a wolf unless necessary. There are always exclusions to the rule.” She lifted a hand and I watched Lynn tense. “Her fear is doing hier more harm than good.” She turned to me, waiting for my 
answer. 
I swallowed past a lump. “Lynn, I command you to not be afraid.” The words felt like tar, but then her back straightened. The fear in her eyes vanished. And for the first time 
a 
me…Ly smiled. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 495
Chapter 495 
Lynn turned to my mom and hugged her. “Thank you…for everything‘ 
My mom squeezed her back. “No, thanks needed. I’m going to be your luna.” 
Lynn shook her head. “You already are my luna.” Then she stepped back and looked to me. “I’m ready.” 
“Good.” I turned and hugged my mom. “Keep an eye out for the trackers.” 
“Stay safe.” She pulled away and cupped my face. “Tell your father love him.” 
I nodded once, and then I turned to Toya and Lynn. “Follow me.” headed towards the cliff. Toya trailed after me, hesitated for a second. 
“Aren’t we going back to Vince’s pack to get to the plane?” There was no fear, just confusion. 
but Lynn 
I shook my head. “No. There is a faster way.” I went to the edge and found the ledge. I stepped down and started down the path 
to the cave. The waved below had dampened the steep steps, but Toya and Lynn followed closely. Once I reached the cave, I slipped inside and waited for the two to squeeze in with me. 
“How the hell did you find this?” Toya shook her head in disbelief. 
“I came from the other side last time.” I squeezed through the crack and started down the stairs. I walked slowly until Toya and Lynn were both through the crack. 
“Holy goddess…” Lynn looked around. “This is under the cabin?” nodded. 
“Crazy right?” I laughed as the two nodded. “Let’s go.” I started running. 
“Where are we running to?” Toya called out to me, and I just laughed. 
“You will see.” We ran for a long time, but I felt the shift as we crossed the magic barrier. 
“What was that?” Toya and Lynn called out as they crossed. 
I laughed again. “Magic.” We ran for a little longer before it angled up. We made it to the hatch, and I pushed up. 
“Did this lead away from Vince’s pack so we could get closer to the airport?” Lynn followed me up and then Toya joined us, hunched over. “Where the fuck is this?” Lynn sounded genuinely confused. 
I shut the hatch, and I felt the magic lock it in place. No one was crossing this way. I turned and went to the side of the gazebo. I pulled the wall out and slipped outside, and took a deep, clean breath. The familiar trees comforted me. 
Lynn slipped out first and froze. “No.” 
Toya pushed Lynn forward so she could slip out. She looked around. “Where are we?” 
“My dad’s pack lands.” I smiled as the back door of the pack house opened. I saw a familiar face lean out, and I started running. I heard Lynn and Toya follow, but I was focused purely on the face that had slipped back inside the dark house. I pushed the door open and jumped. 
“Baby girl.” My dad caught me, and I started to cry. 
“Daddy.” I sobbed into his shoulder as I heard a gasp. 
Toya dove past me into someone’s arms. “Father,” She choked out “Moma” 
“Our sweet girl.” A woman’s soft voice quivered. 
“Lynn.” Uncle Ronnie called out, and I heard him give her a pat on the back. “You look sick…you doing okay?” 
I pulled back and smiled. “Uncle Ronnie.” Lynn gave me a grateful look as I pulled him into a hug. 
1/3 
Chapter 495. 
+25 BONUS 
“Hey lady bug.” He hugged me tighter. 
“I’ve missed you. 
“And we have missed you.” My dad reached out for a piece of my hair and tugged. “You are hard to get ahold of ” 
I snorted. “For a dead man, you have been very demanding.” Everyone laughed. 
“Amy?” Toya called and I spun. “I want to introduce you properly, to my parents. This is Amy.” 
“The girl that saved my baby.” Arms pulled me into a hug. 
“Moma.” Toya laughed. “Leave her be.” 
My dad called out. “Broderick?” 
Toya’s father looked over at us. “Yeah.” 
“Amy is going to go over everything that happened these last few years in my office, if you want to join us. We would be happy to have you and the other alphas with us.” 
Toya’s dad nodded. “I’ll grab the rest of the guys and meet you in your office in five minutes.” 
My dad nodded, then turned to me. “Let’s head up.” 
Hooked around. “Cass?” 
“She is watching over the caves.” Ronnie patted my shoulder as we turned. “When you are done going over everything from the last couple of years, I’ll do the same with you.” I nodded. 
“Has a lot changed?” I followed them up the stairs, and we passed dusty room after dusty room. I kept looking around, and then my dad pushed open his office door. Sheets covered everything, and that made me stop dead. “I guess it has.” I looked around and my dad started to pull off the first sheet. 
He nodded. “We had the omegas cover everything before we left.” 
“But why does everyone think you are dead?” 1 
My dad snorted. “Magic.” 
6
Today’s Bonus Offer 
X 
###Next D 496
Chapter 496 
We pulled the sheets off of everything and then spent a few minutes bringing extra chairs in for everyone. My dad took his chair and patted the chair beside him. Ronnie leaned against the window, facing the door. 
My dad grabbed my hand. “I have missed you, baby girl.” 
“I missed you too, dad.” Nix pushed forward, our eyes flashing.” 
“We have all missed you.” Nix’s smok 
voice came from my lips. Loki pushed forward and smiled… 
own. “I still have a pup I haven’t 
“Once this is done, I want to go for a met.” 
both of you.” Loki‘ eyes were mirrors of 
my 
Megan psuhed forward, and I felt my eyes shift to her brown ones. I would really like that.” 
Loki receded, and my dad reached his hand into my cheek. “I’m sorry.” 
His finger tips danced under my left eye. “I never knew.” His thumb pressed 
Megan tilted our head and chuckled. “Amy didn’t even know I existed until you taught her magic. Without you, I would have stayed hidden, like last time.” Megan lifted our hand and snagged his. “Never apologize for something you couldn’t help.” There was a knock on the door. My dad squeezed my hand once before he dropped it. “Come in.” 
Toya’s father came in with a few other alphas following behind him. “Bad time?” 
“Not at all.” My dad gestured to the chairs. “It’s a little tight again. Not like at the Agora.” He chuckled. “This is my daughter, Amy. Amy this is-” 
I stood. “I know.” I smiled at each man. “I’ve met everyone in this room when I was younger. It’s good to see you all again.” 
“You have grown up.” Alpha Tim smiled. 
“I have indeed.” I gave them all a quick bow and then I settled back in my chair. 
“Okay.” My dad clapped. “Amy, why don’t you start at the beginning?” I looked at him. “What happened after you left here?” I opened my mouth to start, but there was another knock. My dad turned towards the door, and before he could say anything, a man came in. He was huge, taller than any man I had ever met. Nix snorted. He’s a little shorter than the king. I drew in a breath and shushed my wolf. She snorted out a laugh, but I turned to my dad. “Thoth? I didn’t expect you to show up.” He sounded surprised, but my lungs stopped working. My head snapped back to the man so fast. His face was covered by a mask. He turned and froze. “Thoth?” 
( 
That got his attention. He cleared his throat. “You told me you were coming back here with the alphas. I figured you wanted to have a meeting to plan our next steps.” His voice was low, but the mask had a voice changer built in to it, because his voice was warped. He turned to me. “I didn’t know Amy was going to be here.” 
My dad waved him in. “Ronnie, grab him a chair.” My dad nodded beside me, and Ronnie smirked. 
“Of course.” Ronnie left and came back with a chair. He slid it next to me and then gestured to it. “Thoth.” 
Thoth took a breath and then shimmied his way through the chairs, taking a seat next to me. He looked over at me for a long second before he shifted his gaze to my dad. “You were just starting?” He prompted. 2 
My dad shook his head. “Not me. Amy. Go ahead, darling.” I turned to him. “Start when you left here. I already caught everyone up to speed about what happened before you left.” 
I nodded, and I started talking. I had just gotten to my heat, and how I dealt with it alone when I got a message. I pulled out my phone and kept talking. But my voice trailed off when I checked the message from Rick. 
“You went through your heat alone?” Alpha Tim asked, pulling me away from my phone. 
“Yes. I had someone I thought might help.” My words were distracted. “But he wanted to wait for his true nfate and he didn’t 
Chapter 496 
→ +25 BONUS 
want me to resent him later.” The alphas all nodded their heads. 1 ld my phone back into my pocket and tucked that Information away. I told them about Nina and Nadine. About Vince Brandon. And finally, I got to the end. “They call themselves the Brotherhood of Blood.” 
Thoth stiffened beside me. But my dad furrowed his brow. “Who does?” 
“Vince, for one. But I think it’s the people who started all of this before the old king died. Someone named Garith.” 
My father, Ronnie, and Thoth froze. Thoth slowly turned to stare a my dad. “Did you say Garith?” 
I nodded. “I know the name, but can’t place it. It’s like somethings making me forget. And it isn’t until the name pops back up that I remember.” I shook my head. “Rick found emails between Chrith and Vince. It looks like Garith started this all. But I don’t know where I know the name from.” 
“He’s my father.” 
###Next D 497
Chapter 497 
I laughed. Because that was ridiculous. I would have remembered Garith was my grandfather. My dad talked about him enough. “Come on. 
my 
phone, and he clicked the email. His eyes 
My dad just shook his head and looked at me. “Are you sure you heard the name 
Garith 
I nodded. “I’m sure.” I pulled my phone back out. “Rick found this I handed him darting back and forth over the screen as he read. 
“This can’t be real.” My dad whispered to himself. “My father was killed by the King. 
Thoth shook his head. “No, he wasn’t.” My father’s head snapped up. 
“What did you say?” 
Thoth sighed. “The old king had started the council by the time your father was acting up. He was sentenced to death, but it was the council’s duty to enforce it.” 
I looked around the room. And I saw a ton of faces that I was unsure about. Nix, go to Loki and ask if I can use magic in front of everyone here. Nix took off as my father kept staring at the phone. 
“The council?” Toya’s father turned to Thoth, who nodded. “They seem to be popping up more and more.” 
Nix came back. Loki said yes, he has done magic in front of everyone here. 
I stood up. “Grandma. I need you. I have questions.‘ 
Everyone else stopped talking and turned to me: “What is she talking about?” Someone whispered. 
But I spun when I heard a soft. “Oh.” 
“Grandma.” I faced her as she looked around the room. 
“Well then.” She sighed as her eyes met mine. “By the look on your da’s face, I can only assume you have a lot of questions for me.” She sighed. 
“Who the fuck is that?” One of the Alpha’s whispered and I laughed. Because what else could I do? 
I turned to face the men sitting. “As you know, my father has magic. His magic stems from his parentage. As I assume, you all know. His mother, my actual grandmother, was the daughter of the first family. The first line of wolves. What you probably didn’t know was that the first wolf was a son of a witch. A powerful line that had settled in the area years before anyone else. The three faced goddess couldn’t save her son, so the moon goddess did. But his father…Garith, is the son of a witch who fell in love with a wolf.” I turned to my grandmother. “This is his mother.” 
“The witch?” 
My grandmother smiled. “Yes, that’s me.” She reached out to cup my face. “How are you, my love?” “Confused.” I smiled at her and raised my hand to hers. I couldn’t feel her, but I closed my eyes and pretended. 
“That’s okay. Being confused just means you don’t have all the information.” Her voice was soft, and I nodded. 
“Exactly.” I opened my eyes. 
“Garith…” 
watched her eyes flash as she took in a deep breath. Then she turned to my dad. “I wanted so much more for you, my boy.” My dad swallowed past the lump in my throat. “He’s dead.” He said it, but his words rose at the end like a question. 
My grandmother shook her head. “No. He’s not.” 
My dad sagged. “How?” His voice was a soft whisper. 
1/3 
Chopter 497 
+25 BONUS 
My grandmother walked over to him and tried to rest a hand on his shoulder. “You know how. He has magic, as much as you, even if he didn’t want to accept it.” 
There were a few murmurs. “So he used magic to escape.” Thoth growled low. 
She nodded. “Aye. He has been making the others that follow him dance like puppets. He was and still is a foolish boy.” She turned to me. “He hates you. He hates your father, but he has turned most of his wrath to you.” 
My dad shot up. “Why?” 
“Because she is a female who is stronger than he is. Smarter than he is. He hates anytime when someone is seen to be better than him.” She shook her head. “I raised my child to be forgiving, and sweet, and loving. But when his wolf came, he shifted. His mind became obsessed with the first family. With the king. The lycans.” 
Thoth snorted. “So this was all because he wasn’t a Lycan?” 
She shook her head. “I don’t know why he turned out this way. He was always accepted in this pack. Always cared for. But his obsession turned dark. And I knew we couldn’t tell him the truth.” 
“The truth?” Alpha Tim questioned. 
12 
My dad tilted his head. “That’s why my mother commanded me to never tell him we were the first line.” 
My grandmother nodded. “He never loved her. He just wanted the power that came from this pack. But he was focused on finding the first. Or some way to trace back the power to the goddess. He never suspected that the thing he was looking for was right under his nose. Your ma’s father made sure of it.” 
The goddess shook her head, “You saved yourself.” she leaned down and pressed a kiss to his forehead. Then she turned to the others. “You are all devoted to my path, or the path of my sisters of brothers.” she looked at Toya’s father. “Your daughter has done well, and will be rewarded if she survives the final battle.” 
He swallowed, instantly alert. “It?” 
The goddess gave a sad smile. “I cannot see the future. I just lay the path.” 
Thoth shifted, and she turned to face him. “Hiding behind a mask cannot change anything.” His head snapped up. 
“Me?” His voice, confused. 
She chuckled. “Who else is wearing a mask but you?” 
Thoth scratched his head. “No one.” 
“Exactly.” She walked to him and leaned down. “You hide yourself to protect yourself. But you are only keeping yourself away from what could be. You are hiding away, and I am worried you will miss your chance. If you don’t confess the truth. All of it. Then you will miss the thing you want most in this world.” 
Thoth swallowed. “But what if I mess up again?” 
She raised a shoulder. “Then you mess up. But holding back won’t do you any good.” 
She turned. “Stay on the path, or don’t. It is up to you all.” Then I was back. I staggered a step, and Thoth steadied me. 
“Are you okay?” His question was soft. 
“Yeah.” I patted his hand and I felt a spark jump between our skin. I furrowed my brow as I pulled away. I turned back to the others. “So I am sure you have questions.” I tried to smile but it was forced. 1 
The others were staring at me. “That was the goddess.” Alpha Chris was pale. 
I nodded. “Yes.” 
“Could that have been magic?” Alpha Tim looked at the others, but they all shrugged. 
I blew out a breath. “Magic can do a lot.” I smiled. “I can change my appearance. I can change how I sound. But there is one thing forbidden.” 
My father nodded. “It’s forbidden to imitate a celestial.” 
I nodded. “If any pretend to be a goddess in any way, they will lose their blessings. Magic, shifting, or whatever else was gifted. Rank, power, aura. All stripped instantly.” 
Toya’s father shook his head. “There is no way that was faked.” He looked at the others. “I have felt the moon goddess before. I know you have to.” The others nodded. “I need you to look at me and tell me that what you felt was not the goddess.” 
Tim looked away. “She felt like the goddess. But I just wanted to offer any explanation.” 
Inodded. “That’s fair. But I want to ask a question.” I tilted my head at him. 
He met my stare and then nodded. “Okay.” 
“Since you have come into this office, you and a few others seem to be almost against my father.” Everyone snapped their attention to me. “He saved your pack from death. Made sure you had places to live. He took care of you and welcomed you into his confidence, while still giving you the dignity and reverence deserving of an alpha.” Alpha Tim opened his mouth, but I held up a finger. “When there was yet another attack meant to kill everyone here, he took you to our sacred meeting place. Somewhere no one outside of our pack has ever been. Yet you still question him.” I felt my eyes tighten as I glared at the man in front of me. “Why?” 
inter 
+25 BONUS 
The question hung in the air. Alpha Tim looked at the others, but it looked from one to the next. “It’s not like that? He finally spoke up. 
Thoth stood, coming behindane and silently showing his support. It is like that.” He looked around the room. “I have met with you multiple times, and every time I see some pusli back. When Gavin leaves, there are always some murmurs. I bit my tongue because Gavin asked me to but Amy is right. After everything he has done for you, for your packs, you still act like this. Why?” 
Toya’s father stood and spun on the others. “I have kept quiet for peace. But the Macleans have been nothing short of saviours for my pack. My wolves look up to their example.” He turned to my father and bowed. “I should have said something earlier” 
“You have Broderick.” My father’s voice was a little tired. 
“I have spoken to you about it all, yes, but I should have said my peace to the others long before this.” He spun around to look at the men. “You mumble about Gavin taking our power, our pack, but he has never tried. You mumble about being weak alphas, and you are correct. We are weak alpha’s but that is not Gavin’s fault.” 
I stepped over to Toya’s father. “Not weak.” He turned to me with soft eyes. I shook my head. “Never weak alphas. You are just new. Your packs are small, but we will help you become stronger. 
.. 
” 
###Next D 498
Chapter 498 
The others in the room watched as my father processed the ideal dad was still alive. “My mom?” 
My grandmother pursed her lips but shook her head. “He didn’t want or need her anymore.” She looked down at the floor. “She wasn’t his first victiin, nor his last.” He nodded once. 
“Why did he stick around so long it he didn’t want to be here?” Ronte questioned. 
My grandmother sighed. “He was content to be the alpha of this pack as he searched.” She turned back to my father. “And he was fine keeping your mother alive because he knew he would lose standing if he got rid of her. He was the outsider.” She looked around the room. “As it stood, he wasn’t very liked.” My grandmother paced. “Your mother was so much like Army. Strong, bright, loving. She was funny, and the darling girl of the pack.” 
“What happened?” My dad asked. 
She leveled him with a look that said he knew. “He did. He had turned your mother from a bright vibrant, loving woman, into the cold stiff creature that you knew.” 
“How?” Ronnie asked. 
My grandmother opened her mouth, but it was my words the stopped everyone. “When you love someone that doesn’t respect your words, your feelings, or your life,. You allow yourself to become smaller, so they give you a tiny shred of love. Men like Garith, men like Brandon, they toss you little bits of affection and warmth, so you put up with everything they do to tear you down.” I looked up at Ronnie. “They do it in such a way that you don’t even realize you are changing yourself. Not until it’s too late. Not until you are quiet and obedient. Not until the beatings become your everyday and the love they once gave you freely become something you now have to beg for.” My father made a choking noise. But I just smiled as I bared my soul to a room full of men that I barely knew. 
“Lady bug.” Ronnie walked over and pulled me into a hug. “You never have to make yourself small.” 
I pulled back and grinned. “I know that this time around.” I pulled fully out of his arms and cleared my throat. “Anyway.” I turned back to my grandmother, but she was gone. But my eyes caught on Thoth. 
me. 
His hands were clenched, as if he was mad, His face was turned to me and I knew without seeing his eyes, he was watching but I didn’t know why. I watched him for another second before my dad cleared his throat. “I guess she gave all the answers she could give us.” His voice was still strong and clear, but I knew my father and heard the slight confusion buried in his words. 
I nodded. “What do we do now?” 
My dad blew out a breath. “I think we put the Garith issue to the side for now.” 
Someone scoffed, but Thoth stood up. “Gavin is right. Knowing he is alive doesn’t change our next step. We came here because Amy told us about the rogue encampment in the caves.” 
“Have we confirmed if there were still there anymore?” I looked around, turning to face Ronnie. 
He nodded. “We had trackers from all the packs head to the caves. And we had each confirm rogue movements. Cass is there now, watching.” 
I looked at the other alphas. “Do we agree that the rogues are the biggest threat at this time?” I watched as the alphas all nodded. “Now, while I know, you might be a little doubtful because of the relationship between me, my dad, and Garith. What I can tell you is that my father and I are devoted to the goddess and her will.‘ 
“How do we know that?” Alpha Chris questioned. “No offense to you, Gav. I mean you saved all of us. You kept us alive, and fed these oast years. But he is your father.” 
There was a pause, and my father nodded. “I understand.” 
One second I was looking at everyone, trying my best to not be angry, and the next second I was back in my mind with my wolves. I looked at Nix and Megan. What is going on? 
1/3 
Chapter 498 
+25 BONUS 
You need proof that Amy is cliosen by me? You need proof that Gavin is chosen by me?” I looked out and I saw every man in the room freeze. 
Moon blessed.” Toya’s father whispered as he stared at my body. 
My body turned to face my father, “You have been through so much.” She walked over and cupped his face. “But this is close to being over.” My father smiled. “You have endured, and I can not express how well you have done. Amy has exceeded all expectations. You have been so devoted to my path.” 
My father just shook his head. “You saved me.” 
###Next D 499
The goddess shook her head, “You saved yourself.” she leaned down and pressed a kiss to his forehead. Then she turned to the others. “You are all devoted to my path, or the path of my sisters of brothers.” she looked at Toya’s father. “Your daughter has done well, and will be rewarded if she survives the final battle.” 
He swallowed, instantly alert. “It?” 
The goddess gave a sad smile. “I cannot see the future. I just lay the path.” 
Thoth shifted, and she turned to face him. “Hiding behind a mask cannot change anything.” His head snapped up. 
“Me?” His voice, confused. 
She chuckled. “Who else is wearing a mask but you?” 
Thoth scratched his head. “No one.” 
“Exactly.” She walked to him and leaned down. “You hide yourself to protect yourself. But you are only keeping yourself away from what could be. You are hiding away, and I am worried you will miss your chance. If you don’t confess the truth. All of it. Then you will miss the thing you want most in this world.” 
Thoth swallowed. “But what if I mess up again?” 
She raised a shoulder. “Then you mess up. But holding back won’t do you any good.” 
She turned. “Stay on the path, or don’t. It is up to you all.” Then I was back. I staggered a step, and Thoth steadied me. 
“Are you okay?” His question was soft. 
“Yeah.” I patted his hand and I felt a spark jump between our skin. I furrowed my brow as I pulled away. I turned back to the others. “So I am sure you have questions.” I tried to smile but it was forced. 1 
The others were staring at me. “That was the goddess.” Alpha Chris was pale. 
I nodded. “Yes.” 
“Could that have been magic?” Alpha Tim looked at the others, but they all shrugged. 
I blew out a breath. “Magic can do a lot.” I smiled. “I can change my appearance. I can change how I sound. But there is one thing forbidden.” 
My father nodded. “It’s forbidden to imitate a celestial.” 
I nodded. “If any pretend to be a goddess in any way, they will lose their blessings. Magic, shifting, or whatever else was gifted. Rank, power, aura. All stripped instantly.” 
Toya’s father shook his head. “There is no way that was faked.” He looked at the others. “I have felt the moon goddess before. I know you have to.” The others nodded. “I need you to look at me and tell me that what you felt was not the goddess.” 
Tim looked away. “She felt like the goddess. But I just wanted to offer any explanation.” 
Inodded. “That’s fair. But I want to ask a question.” I tilted my head at him. 
He met my stare and then nodded. “Okay.” 
“Since you have come into this office, you and a few others seem to be almost against my father.” Everyone snapped their attention to me. “He saved your pack from death. Made sure you had places to live. He took care of you and welcomed you into his confidence, while still giving you the dignity and reverence deserving of an alpha.” Alpha Tim opened his mouth, but I held up a finger. “When there was yet another attack meant to kill everyone here, he took you to our sacred meeting place. Somewhere no one outside of our pack has ever been. Yet you still question him.” I felt my eyes tighten as I glared at the man in front of me. “Why?” 
inter 
+25 BONUS 
The question hung in the air. Alpha Tim looked at the others, but it looked from one to the next. “It’s not like that? He finally spoke up. 
Thoth stood, coming behindane and silently showing his support. It is like that.” He looked around the room. “I have met with you multiple times, and every time I see some pusli back. When Gavin leaves, there are always some murmurs. I bit my tongue because Gavin asked me to but Amy is right. After everything he has done for you, for your packs, you still act like this. Why?” 
Toya’s father stood and spun on the others. “I have kept quiet for peace. But the Macleans have been nothing short of saviours for my pack. My wolves look up to their example.” He turned to my father and bowed. “I should have said something earlier” 
“You have Broderick.” My father’s voice was a little tired. 
“I have spoken to you about it all, yes, but I should have said my peace to the others long before this.” He spun around to look at the men. “You mumble about Gavin taking our power, our pack, but he has never tried. You mumble about being weak alphas, and you are correct. We are weak alpha’s but that is not Gavin’s fault.” 
I stepped over to Toya’s father. “Not weak.” He turned to me with soft eyes. I shook my head. “Never weak alphas. You are just new. Your packs are small, but we will help you become stronger. 
.. 
###Next D 500
Chapter 500 
Someone scoffed. Then Chris crossed his arms. “Why would you help us become stronger? You are just making us a bigger threat to you. 
I smiled. “Are there big pack wars still I haven’t heard about lately 
The question confused the men. “What?” 
“Are there big land disputes that you will kill for?” I tossed another question. 
“Of course not.” 
“Has the king stopped mediating any disputes between clans?” My words sounded confused. 
“You know he will still intervene.” He sounded exasperated.. 
“Then why would your growth scare us? Any dispute me might have will be mediated. Land will be assigned by the King. But if we are being really honest here, Chris and I try my best to be honest. Then I will say this. I am descended from the goddess. I have magic, a wolf and a Lycan. No one in your pack has a chance of standing up to me one on one. Pack against pack, our pack is bigger and better trained.” 
His jaw clenched. “See this is what I was saying.” Chris pointed at me. “She thinks she is better than us.” 
Iraised my hands. “I never said I was better than you. I never would have 
“Sit down, Chris.” Tim snapped out. 
even 
brought this up, but you pushed it.” 
Chris turned around and growled at Tim. “They are trying to demean us. 
My dad laughed. “My father is behind the charge to kill the king. Do you really think I have any fucking space to look down on anyone?” 
The room was silent. But I snickered. My father turned to me and lifted a brow. “I’m sorry, daddy. But it is a little funny.” 
My dad just shook his head, but he swiveled his chair to face the other alphas. “Now, just talk to me.” 
“What?” Chris sank into his chair. 
“Why are you feeling like this? When have I ever done anything that made you feel like I thought I was better than you?” My da leaned his elbows on to his desk. “I have done my best to never step on your toes.” 
Chris snapped. “That right there.” 
My dad looked up at me, confused. “What?” 
Chris growled. “You are always so fucking perfect. The perfect man, the perfect alpha, the perfect friend.” He screamed. “It’s fucking demeaning.” 
My dad stared at him for a second before he started laughing. Everyone froze. They thought he lost his mind, and maybe he ha He wiped his face. “I made my mate believe I cheated on her, I broke her heart and then let her walk away.” His words were threaded with laughter. “I barely raised my pup.” His eyes snapped to mine. “I got holidays and some summers.” He shook hi head. “I’m far from the perfect man. I ruined my pup’s life, my mares, because I knew better than anyone else.” He turned ba to Chris. “I spent years ruining every training program my mate put in place before she left out of spite. I stunted the growth c every female in my pack because it was the luna’s duty to watch over them and I didn’t have a luna. My best friend nearly le me and the only reason I’m still alive was because Amy saw his true colors. Not me.” 
Chris shook his head. “You are lying.” 
My dad shook his head. “I wish I was. But you can ask anyone if you want to check.” 
Chris looked around, and Tim just nodded. “Ainsley ran to Vince’s pack. You can ask anyone.‘ 
Chapter 500 
* +25 BONUS 
Chris looked back at my father and me. We all watched as he deflated. My dad knocked on the table. “So tell me what the actual issue is?” 
Chris looked back at my father. “You always seem to have it all together. I……I felt like I was letting my pack down. And I heard 
He trailed off as he looked around. 
“Heard what?” I took a step, but Thoth followed behind me. The movement felt second nature, but foreign at the same time. 
“I heard a few pack members talking about Gavin. They were saying how great he was.” He looked down at his hands. “They said about living in a pack like this, and I…” 
“You became jealous.” I finished. 
He looked up at me with lost eyes, but then he nodded. “Yeah.” He dropped his gaze to the floor. “Yeah, I was jealous.” 
I walked over to him. “You know transfers have to be approved. And my dad wouldn’t poach pack members.” 
“I know.” Chris sat back. “Its stupid. I know it is. But I didn’t know how to cope with everything. He was taking care of my pack, being a better man than I was, and my pack was looking to jump ship.” 
“Just because they said something about living in a pack like mine doesn’t mean they wanted to jump ship. Why can’t your pack be like mine?” 
“How?” Chris laughed. 
“I can teach you.” My father offered. 
###Next D 501
Chapter 501 
Chapter 501 
My father and Chris broke off and started to have a deep conversation in the room’s corner, while the rest of us waited. I looked at Ronnie to find him already watching me, 
“You okay?” He settled next to me in my father’s seat that he had just vacated. “You look sad…what happened?” 
Thoth turned. “What happened with Rick and everyone last night? Were you able to save his pup?” 
I sat back so I could see both men and nodded. “It was hard. But I was able to save everyone.” 
Ronnie furrowed his brow. Everyone? I thought only the kid was sick.” 
I shook my head. “It was a lot more complicated. But I managed.” 
Toya’s father leaned in. “Toya said you almost died.” 
My father’s head snapped around. “What did you just say?” I looked up, and he turned to Chris. “We can talk about everything once this is all handled. But I will help.” My father stuck out his hand, but he was already back to staring at me. Once they shook, he turned back and Ronnie got up out of my father’s chair, letting my father reclaim his seat. But Ronnie didn’t go far. He ended up standing behind my chair. My father leaned closer. “What did Broderick just say?” 
I groaned, but Thoth’s low rumble stopped it. “Please, just explain.” His words were low, but the voice changer hurt my ears. 
I shook my head and sighed. “Last night when I brought everyone to the cabin I was already tired.” 
“Why?” Ronnie leaned over the chair. “Are you sick?” 
I shook my head. “I was just tired.” 
Thoth scoffed. “She was attacked by Brandon. He had broken a few ribs, her cheek and her eye socket. She had internal bleeding that was still bleeding when she hobbled out of the hospital to go back to the pack house.” 
I turned to Thoth. “How-” 
“How did I know?” I couldn’t see his eyes, but I was picturing him glaring at me. “I follow your every move since I found out you were locked up.” He shook his head. “You allowed him to attack you.” 
I nodded. “Yes, I did. And I would do it again.” I shot back, and Thoth growled loudly. I felt a smirk hit my lips. “You can be mad all you want. It is my body and my choice.” I turned my back on Thoth and focused on my dad. “I needed an excuse to leave the pack, and Brandon’s attack was perfect.” I shot a glare at Thoth, who, like the big bad wolf he was, was growling again. 
“Lady bug.” Ronnie’s voice was soft. I looked up at met his troubled gaze. “You could have died.” 
I shook my head. “It was the right move at the time.” I turned back to my father, who had kept quiet. “I used the attack to get a transfer approved by the king. But I also used it as a diversion.” 
“For what?” My dad leaned in. 
“When I went back hurt…I said I was tieing things up before I left, but in reality I was downloading Vince’s mainframe.” I looked over my shoulder at Thoth and smirked. “I have Rick running through it all. That’s how I found the emails between Garith and 
Vince.” 
“You did it?” My dad tilted his head. 
I nodded as I pulled out a flash drive. “Yeah, I downloaded it while was arguing with Vince to let me go. I brought you a copy.” 
He jumped up and pulled me into his arms. “You are amazing.” He kissed my cheeks and spin me in a circle. “I knew you could do it.” He dropped me back down to my feet and I felt someone take the flash drive from my hand. 
“I’ll take this.” Thoth slipped the USB into his pocket as I turned around to look at him. 
I shrugged. “Hopefully, you find everything we need.” He nodded once and sat back down. 
1/3 
Chapter 501 
+25 BONUS 
My dad sighed. “But you allowed him to hurt you.” He swiped a finger over my face. 
Ismiled. “It doesn’t matter. It was worth the risk. And it’s not like was in any real danger.” Thoth snapped his head around. My ‘dad’s brow furrowed. “I allowed him to attack me and then told my wolves to not heal me.” 
“You said it was to get the transfer.” My dad raised his eyebrow. But you could have gotten out without being hurt.” 
I snorted. “Fat chance.” I snorted. “Brandon is a wimp.” I earned a few chuckles. “But hurt or not, it’s not like I am important.” My dad’s mouth dropped open. I just smiled. “I know you love me but I am replaceable. You can have another kid with mom, and it’s not like I have a mate or anything to worry about. If I die, die.” 
Thoth stood and let out a growl that shook the walls. There was a shrill screech from his mask and everyone screamed, covering their ears. Thoth ripped the mask from his head with a scream. Blood trickled out of his ears as he panted next to me. 
“You fucking bastards.” 
Chapter 502 
###Next D 502
Chapter 502 
Thoth ripped his mask off, and my breath was stolen from my lungs. The pain in my ears faded as I stared at the side of his face. You have got to be fucking kidding me. The room was completely silent except for the crackling from the mask and the yell that fell from his lips. 
I stared at him for a second longer before my anger exploded. “You fucking bastards.” I whirled on my father. I felt my eyes shift, and my fangs dropped so fast my lip started top bleed. I pointed in his face. “You fucking knew it was Rowan, didn’t you?” 
My father paled. His eyes danced between me and Rowan. “Amy.. 
I turned to Ronnie. “Did you know?” Ronnie looked around the room, but refused to meet my eyes. I laughed, but it was just full of my pain. “Of course you did. You are his best friend.” I turned back to my dad. “Any other secrets that you want to fess up to while we are here, father?” He winced at the name. 
A new thought twisted my stomach, and I pulled my phone from my pocket. My dad tried to reach for me but I held up a hand as I hit the screen. The phone rang as I glared at my father. “Hey baby. My mother’s voice rang out from my phone. “Everything okay? How’s your dad?” 
“Did you know?” My voice was flat as I stared at my dad. 
“Baby?” My mom’s voice turned worried. “What’s wrong?” 
I ignored her question and just asked again. “Did you know?” 
My dad winced again. Rowan stepped closer to me. “Amy, can we just talk?” His words hit me like a punch. 
“What is going on?” My mom’s voice started to get agitated. “Someone explain. Now!” Her commanding voice made a few of the men around the room reel back. 
My dad shut his eyes. “Ainsley…” 
“Gavin Maclean, you need to explain to me what is going on.” Her voice took on a little edge, but I cut in before my dad could say anything. 
“Did you know Thoth was Rowan?” My voice was still flat, but I had a tiny little spark of hope in my chest. Please, goddess, please tell me not everyone in my life kept this from me. I heard a quick breath on the other side of the call and I knew. I knew everyone had kept the truth from me. I laughed then. The tears sprang to my eyes in a flash and I had to just shake my head.” Fuck me, I guess eh?” I closed my eyes and I felt a tear tremble on the edge, which just pissed me off even more. Because I refuse to cry in front of these men. I forced my eyes to open. “Thank you for showing me exactly where I stand.” I hung up the phone as my mom sputtered and slipped it into my pocket as I turned. 
“Amy wait.” My dad grabbed for me. But I slammed my aura out, not holding anything back. Everyone in the room dropped to the ground. 
“Don’t fucking touch me.” I growled out. I turned to look back at my father, who was barely staying upright. But it was Rowan that surprised me. He was sweating to stay up, my power pounding against his own, causing his knees to tremble a little. That gave me a little bit of satisfaction. “You had no right.” I allowed him to see all of my hurt. “He might be your king…bum your daughter. You don’t get to play me like a fucking puppet and think will just be okay with it.” He winced at my words. 
“It wasn’t like that.” 
I laughed, “That’s all you got?” He stared up at me but I was already leaving. I was backing away from him. “I did everything you wanted me to do. I followed your plan for my career, my life, everything I gave up to be the dutiful daughter.” I growled as a tear slipped out. But my aura slammed out so hard that the other men in the toom had to press their face into the carpet. Only Rowan and my father got to see my tears. “I put my pain on the back burner to follow you. But this?” I waved my hand. “This is fucking bullshit.” I glared at him for another second before I turned and stalked from the room. 
I raced down the stairs and slammed out the front door, shifting instantly into Nix, allowing her to take over. She made a beeline for the trees and ran out of there. She wove through the trees, diving under a fallen log as I heard the distant slam of a door. But I stopped caring. I curled up against a tree in my mind and just focused on breathing. 
Chapter 502 
Nix ran for a few minutes longer before she called back. “Someone is following our scent.” 
I turned to Megan. “Shut it off.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 503
Megan stared at me for a second before she nodded. She ran to the clearing, and I heard the telltale sound of a vacuum. I shut my eyes as I banged my head off the tree, whispering to myself. “So fucking stupid.” I felt the tears burn behind my eyes again and I pushed up from the ground and whirled to face the tree. I punched it over and over, screaming my anger. “So fucking stupid.” Megan made her way back over to me as I pummeled the tree. “Amy?” 
I just kept hitting the tree. But the tree never splintered, never broke, and that pissed me off even more. “FUCK YOU.” I punched harder, waiting for the blood, the pain, but nothing came. 
“It won’t.” Megan called out. 
I whirled. “WHAT?” 
“The pain…it won’t happen.” Megan nodded to the tree. “That tree isn’t real, Amy.” 
“What the hell are you talking about?” I dropped my hands to my sides. My chest was still heaving from attacking the poor tree. 
Megan just stared at me. “You’re mad.” She shifted closer, her words throwing me off. 
“Of course I’m mad.” I shook my head. “But what does that have to do with anything?” 
“Your dad betrayed your trust. So did your mom.” She changed topics again, and it was confusing my anger addled brain “Aren’t you?” I screamed back. 
She tilted her head at me. “Is that all you are mad at?” 
“YES.” I screamed. “I trusted them and they played me. Everyone played me.” 
She crept closer. “So you attacked the tree?” She asked, and I swore she raised her eyebrow at me. 
“So?” I whirled to face her. “Why can’t I attack a tree?” 
“I never said you couldn’t, but the tree you are attacking is a figment of our imagination. The pain, the blood, you are trying to chase. The distraction you are so desperate for…you won’t find it here.” She closed the rest of the space. “You can’t hurt yourself. So attacking the tree in here won’t do anything other than maybe give you a headache.” I felt my knees wobble. “You won’t get the physical pain to distract you from the pain you are running from.” She pressed herself against my side. 
My voice dropped to a low whisper. “It’s not fair.” 
“What’s not fair?” She licked my hand, tickling me, but I was too numb to feel it. 
“He forced my mom to leave. He forced me to live without him for most of my life. He asked me to go into co uter science. He told me to get close to Brandon.” A tear escaped. “I talked you into getting close to him. I had to kiss him, hold his hand, Thad to treat him like he mattered, even knowing he was your mate.” I finally looked down at Megan. “And I did it, because he was my father. I tortured you because he asked me to do it and made it seem like it was important. But when everything happened between Rowan and me… he pretended to care that Rowan broke my heart. He shattered me and they helped me pick up my pieces. My mom held me through my pain. But within a month, my dad had introduced me to Thoth.” My knees finally gave out. “He said that Thoth could help me.” I laughed then, but it was hallow. “But it was just Rowan.” 
Megan pressed her face into the crook of my neck. “And that’s bad?” She pulled back to look at me, like she was genuinely confused about my answer. 
“Ltold him so much.” I reached out to her face. “Thoth became my friend, my confidant. I told him everything…” Another tear fell. “I told him about my heat. I told all about Rowan…my pain, my love, my hate. Everything.” 
She nodded. “And it turned out to be him.” 
A sob broke from my chest. “I feel betrayed.” 
“As you should.” Nix called back. “But I don’t think that’s why you are this mad.” 
1/3 
I sighed. “Why then?“. 
Nix was silent for a moment. “I think the reason you are so mad that Thoth turned out to be Rowan isn’t because they lied, but because you fell in love with him. And I know the letters shifted how you look at Rowan…but in truth, you had fallen for Thoth or the man that Thoth stood for. He was your escape. A listening but not judgemental ear. Your friend who took the time to get to know you. Someone not forced on you by circumstance or bond. Someone who didn’t know who you were Someone that didn’t care how much power we had, or what rank we were. Someone who your thought cared about you. Not me, not Megan, just you Another sob bubbled up, but her next words broke me. “Megan got to have her love, even if he was a bastard in the end. And eventually I will find my mate. But Thoth was the one man that could have loved your for you…and finding out he was Rowan stole that from you.” 
###Next D 504
We ran for hours. I stayed well away from the pack house and the dead caves. Nix and Megan kept me company as I worked through everything that was bouncing away in my head. Megan laid her head on my lap as I sat against the tree that I attacked earlier. “Do you think they are still looking for us?” Her question was soft. 
“Probably not.” Nix called back. “I haven’t heard anyone in a long time, and they probably figured we needed space.” 
I shook my head. “They have to keep a low profile. No one can find out they are still alive.” I ran my fingers through her fur. 
She cocked her head to stare up at my face with one eye. “How does no one know the pack is alive?” She twisted, getting to her feet. “I’ve been thinking about this for a while and I have no idea how no one has figured out that the pack survived.” 
Nix slid to a stop. “I’ve never thought about it until right now. But Megan is right. You would think someone would have checked, right?” 
I snorted. “Hubris.” 
“What?” Both my wolves sounded confused. 
“I can’t be certain, but knowing the players…Aurora, Verity, Vince. Without ever meeting Garith, I can honestly say they all are the same. They are cocky. Full of themselves. And searching for a dead person is a waste of their time.” I looked at Megan. ” Someone saw my dad die, and they took it and ran with it.” I raised a shoulder. “There is a ninety percent chance my dad is using magic to cover up his tracks, but it all boils down to the fact that they are too full of themselves to double check someone they think is dead is really dead.” 
Megan snorted. “Stupid.” 
I nodded. “But it works in our favor.” I sighed as I pushed up from the ground. 
Megan followed me. “Are you ready?” 
I nodded. “Spending a few hours pitying myself is enough.” I sighed. “But it’s time to face the music.” 
Nix chuckled. “I doubt it’s music waiting for you back home.” 
I pushed forward. “You are probably right.” I started running back to the pack house. “But if we are lucky, Rowan will be back at his castle, and I just have to deal with my father and Ronnie.” 
Both my wolves growled. “I can understand not telling us the truth for a bit. But to keep all this hidden away, and then to push us towards Rowan to at the very least forgive him, is where I draw the line.” Nix stalked toward the clearing. 
I chuckled. “You two talk to his wolf.” They both turned to me. “Did you know?” I thought I was joking, but as soon as the words left my lips, I knew I wasn’t. We had spent these last years working on growing our bond, but they had met Erubus behi my back. So maybe then knew. 
“I know you are hurting. But that hurt.” Nix settled back on her haunches. “I thought we were past questioning each other.” 
“That was before she found out we have been talking to Erubus behind her back.” Megan laid down on her stomach. “And before she found out, I had rejected Brandon in the first year of school without telling either of you.” 
Nix looked between the two of us before she sighed, and then sank to her stomach. “Okay. I will agree that we have done a few things that might make you question us.” She laid her head on her paws. “But I can say with the upmost sincerity that I had no idea. Erubus never told me anything about him being Thoth.” 
Megan sighed, and that made my stomach clench I stumbled over my footing as she turned to look at me. “I don’t know if you will even trust my words, Amy.” She looked down. “I know I haven’t been the most honest with you. But I swear, I didn’t know. I would have told you if I did.” 
Her words comforted me. “I trust you both.” I whispered back to them. “I just feel like if Ronnie, my mom and dad knew, who else knew? Did Toya, or Wendy? Did Cass?” 
“If Cass knew, she would have called. We know that.” Nix snorted. “Playing dead or not, we would have gotten a call. She wouldn’t stand by and let that happen to you.” Nix’s words released something in my stomach. 
“I hope you are right.” We ran the rest of the way in silence. By the time we got back to the pack house, it was night. The house looked empty. Not one light on. I shifted as I opened the door. Lights burned my eyes. “What the fuck?” 
“Magic bitch.” Cass jumped on me. “I missed you so much.” I pulled back and then dove into her arms. 
“I missed you too.” 
She smirked. “I’ll have dinner delivered to your room. Go shower, then we talk.” She rubbed her hands together. 
“Okay!” I ran upstairs, excited to spend the night with my best friend. I ran into my bedroom and into the shower, I took the quickest shower ever, and wrapped myself in a towel before I made it back to my bedroom, turning on their lights. 
“You are going to need to put clothes on, rabbit.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
X 
###Next D 505
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 505 
I froze. There is no way. He had to be gone, I slowly spin to look towards my bed. There, waiting patiently in the dark, was Rowan. 
I groaned and spun away. Water was still dripping down my skin, and now he was here. Sounds about right. “Why are you here, Rowan?” 
“I would love to tell you, Rabbit, but I can’t think with you standing in front of me in a towel.” I heard him move and felt the air behind my back shift. He was standing behind me, and I heard him draw in a breath. “I can’t smell you at all now.” His mouth sent tiny puffs of air against my neck, sending shivers down my back. “I don’t like it. Even with the fake scent, it was something I had grown to love, grown to expect, but this…I hate this.” 
I stared at the far wall. His words were soft, alluring, but the pain was still so fresh. He sniffed me again and let out a soft growl. I took a step away. “I’ll go get dressed.” My voice was deadpan, and felt Rowan drop his head to my shoulder, causing me to stiffen. Shocks rippled down my skin. It had been so long since I felt his touch that it seemed like my skin craved his. I closed my. eyes and felt the dancing sparks along my skin. My body was greedy for his touch. It was like the simple act of his head against my shoulder electrified my entire body. I wanted to moan. 
“Please don’t hate me. I don’t think I can survive if you hate me again.” His words were tiny blows to my defence. 
I forced a laugh. “Let’s not play pretend here, Rowan. You didn’t even notice.” I stepped away, the sparks fading on my skin as I went to the closet and pulled on some clothes. I heard a faint knock as I was collecting myself, and then nothing but silence. I walked back out, expecting to see Cass, but she was nowhere to be seen and Rowan was sitting at the edge of the bed with his elbows resting on his knees. His head hung down, but I knew he was tracking me. “Where is Cass?” I looked towards the door, but I could even scent her. 
Rowan looked up, and his eyes had me taking a step back. The need, the hunger in his gaze was raw, and fully on display. “I asked her to leave.” 
I felt my anger rise. “Why?” He had no right. My voice is obviously full of my agitation. “Who do you think you are- “Your mate.” His words were whisper was low. If I hadn’t been watching his lips, I would have never caught it. 
“What the fuck did you just say?” I stumbled back a step. 
He took a few steps towards me. “I don’t know any more. I’m sorry about sending your friend away and after we talk, I will leave. But I think it’s time we actually sit down and have a conversation.” 
I growled. “You are not my fucking boss.” 
He smirked, and my lower stomach clenched. He might be an asshole, but goddess was he handsome. “Technically, I am.” 
“What?” I shook my head to clear it. His stupid face distracted me. 
“You said I’m not your boss.” He walked slowly towards me until he was standing in front of me. He leaned down a bit, bringing his face level with mine. 
“I know what I said.” I shot back, growling as he leaned closer. My eyes snapped to his lips as he came closer. “You don’t have to repeat it back to me.” 
His eyes started to glow as he leaned in closer. “Well, I didn’t want to be misconstrued when I said this.” His smirk made my stomach clench again, earning another growl from me. “I technically am your boss.” His eyes danced between my eyes and my lips. 
I stared at him for a few seconds. My mind was not computing what he was talking about. “What?” I leaned in a little closer without realizing it. 
His smile was like a lightning strike. His eyes focused fully on my lips now as he leaned in so closer that our breaths were mingling. “You said I wasn’t your boss…but I am.” His eyes flashed to mine. “Technically, I mean. I am the king.” 
“Yes.” I felt my wall slam down. “You are the king. And if I remember correctly. You are very much taken.” I let my eyes shift to 
1/3 
Chapter 505 
***+25 BONUS 
my wolf’s. “For both of our reputation, you should leave. I don’t want your flancee to get the wrong idea.” I shorted as his eyes grew angry. “Did I hit a soft point?” I pressed in the rest of the way so that our skin touched. “Poor King Rowan, engaged to be mated to an evil witch.” I growled as he tried to pull away. My hand snapped out, and I pulled himn back against me, “What’s wrong? She doesn’t do it for you?” 
Rowan growled. “No…only you do.” Then he slammed his lips into nine. 
###Next D 506
The kiss was like fire. His lips on mine ignited something deep inside of me. Nix and Megan both purred. Their combined rumble worked its way out of my throat. Rowan groaned as my pur spilled from my lips. He wrapped his hands under my legs and went to lift me, but that jolted me out of the spell I had fallen inder. 
I growled as I ripped my lips away from his and then I hauled back and punched him in his face. Rowan stumbled away, holding his face. I glared at him as he straightened. He looked up at me, shack on his face, and I watched as it morphed into a smirk. He fucking smirked at me. He stood up to his full height and his smirk turned to a full smile as he stepped closer. His lip was split at the corner, but he just swiped the blood with his thumb as he took another step. “You hit me.” His voice was low. But his eyes had shifted. He looked like the predator he was. His fangs slid down into place. “You actually hit me.” 
I took a step back without realizing it. But his chuckle had my spine straightening. “You deserved it.” My eyes narrowed as I took a step forward, refusing to retreat. “You kissed me.” 
He nodded as he leaned back down to me. “I did. And I’ll do it again.” 
I felt a growl work its way up. “Like hell you will.” I took another step closer, getting into his face. My finger drilled into his chest. “You don’t get to kiss me. You have a fiancee, remember? I don’t share men first and foremost.” A growl rumbled in his chest. I bared my teeth, fangs descending again to match his. “More importantly THOTH, I don’t want you anywhere near me. All you fucking do is lie and I am over it.” 
I watched his face as it went through a million different emotions but landed on serious. His eyes dimmed a little, but his fangs stayed out. “I know.” I felt my face fall. I expected a little fight from him. He smiled as he watched my face. “I can’t deny anything you just said. But I hope you will have a meal with me, and let me explain my side of things before you make any permanent decisions.” 
I glared at him for a second longer. “I’m not hungry.” I watched his face fall a little, but then there was a knock on the door. I walked over to the door and swung it open. “What?” I snapped out before I saw who it was. I drew in a breath, “I’m sorry Clara, what did you need?” I felt my voice soften as I stared at the trembling omega. 
“I’m sorry to bug you, Amy. But Cass instructed me to bring you dinner. She said you were starving, so I brought enough for two.” She tried to smile, but I could see she was still a little wary. 
I closed my eyes as a soft chuckle came from behind me. “Come on in Clara, thank you.” I opened the door wider and directed her over to the table I had by the balcony. Rowan walked over and sat down, turning away from me to hide his smile. 
“Hello my King.” Clara’s voice was soft. I wanted to roll my eyes. 
“Clara, I’ve told you…call me Rowan.” I felt my eyebrows furrow. 
“I know, my king.” Clara smiled. “And when you were just Thoth, was fine calling you by your name. But as soon as I found out you were you…well, you are my king.” 
He sighed. “Can you do me a favor?” 
“Of course, my king.” She placed down a few plates. 
“Do you have any matches or a lighter?” His question was so out of left field, I felt my mouth drop open. 
“Of course.” She turned to the cart she was pushing and pulled out a small box, handing them to Rowan. “There you are.” 
“Thank you.” He turned to the cart. “Do you have anything to drink?” 
Clara smiled. “Of course. I have water, wine, and juice.” She looked over at me. “I wasn’t sure what you and Cass had in mind.” She turned to look around the room. “Is Cass coming later?” 
I smiled and went to answer, but Rowan answered first. “Cass was gracious enough to allow me to steal Amy tonight. We have things we need to discuss, and air to clear before I have to leave.” His words hit me, but I did my best to keep a straight face. “So it will be just Amy and I until I get the boot.” He smiled, and Clara’s face turned bright red. She nodded once and finished moving everything off the cart. 
173 
Chapter 506 
+25 BONUS 
“Have a good night then, my king.” She bowed and rushed from the room. “You as well Amy.” She called back and I snorted. 
That was cruel. I shook my head as I shut the door. 
“What was?” His voice was confused. 
“You made the girl blush and acted like she had table lit with candlelight, 
a chance.” I took a deep breath before I turned to face him. Only to find the 
###Next D 507
I snorted as I walked over. “What are you doing?” I pulled out a chiar and sat down, I crossed my arms as Rowan uncorked the wine and poured a glass. I just watched as he slid the glass towards me and poured himself a glass. 
“I am enjoying a meal, while I clear up some things with someone special.” His words sounded so sincere. But I just snorted. 
“I’m not hungry.” I snapped out again, but then my body betrayed me by letting out a loud growl. He just lifted a brow. “Pine!” 1 snatched my glass and took a big drink. Rowan snorted and uncovered the plate in front of me. The smell of steak and baked potato hitting me in the face, causing my stomach to growl once more. 
Rowan chuckled as he uncovered his own plate of food. I growled softly as I glared over my glass of wine. Of needed another drink, so I downed the remaining wine in my glass. Rowan had already picked up the bottle to fill my glass, so I just held it out. He shook his head as a smirk graved his lips. “I know you have every right to hate me, but please just listen to me for the duration of this meal. Then if you still want nothing to do with me” He trailed off as he put down the bottle. “Goddess, I hope that doesn’t happen, but I would respect your wishes.” He looked over at me and for the first time in a long time, I believed him. “Fine.” I put down my glass and grabbed my fork. I wasn’t stupid enough to starve myself just to stick it to him. He was obviously staying until he said his peace. I’m not going to let Clara’s food go to waste. “But.” He looked up from his plate and met my gaze. “When this is over.” I waved my knife between us. “don’t want to see you, or talk to you, unless it has to do with Vince and his clowns.” 
Rowan sat back. “You don’t want to talk to me?” He chewed at his lip and I groaned inside. “Like at all?” 
I was staring at his lip, and I needed to snap out of it. Nix and Megan were no help at all, as they were back to purring. I shook my head. “I will do my duty to you and our kind. I will ensure you continue your reign as king, but for my sake…a clean break is necessary.” I tilted my head. “And I think that includes Erubus coming to see Nix and Megan.” 
Hey! Nix called out. 
But Megan just shushed her. She’s right. If we still see him, we won’t ever give anyone a fair shake. Megan looked back at me. I don’t want to hurt Amy anymore than I already have. 
Nix looked between us and then sighed. Fine. Then she stalked away. 
1 
Rowan watched me for a few seconds before he sat back with a nod. “Fine.” 
I felt my stomach unclench. “Fine.” I shook off the tiny pit in my stomach and started eating. I waited for a few seconds before I glanced up at Rowan. “Are you going to start, or are you just going to stare at me?” 
He smiled and gave a tiny nod as he grabbed his own wineglass and upended it. He placed his glass done softly and grabbed his own fork and knife. “Its funny.” He chuckled as he sliced into his steak. 
“What is?” I took a bite. 
He chewed his mouthful slowly, then swallowed. “I had this entire thing planned out. After you outran Erubus earlier, I came here to wait. I spent the entire time planning on what I would say and how I could fix everything…” He trailed off and looked at me as he cut into his steak. 
“And now?” I tilted my head as I stuck a new piece of steak into my mouth. 
He sighed. “Now I don’t know what to say. I don’t even thak I could say anything to make you change your mind.” He grabbed the wine and filled up his glass before pulling out his phone. He dialed someone and waited. “Hi. Can I get like three more bottles of wine to Amy’s room, please, Clara?” He waited for a second. “Any will do. I just need to work up the courage.” There was a soft giggle. “Thank you.” He hung up his phone and turned back top me. I raised my eyebrow, and he smiled, then downed another glass of wine. “I don’t even know if I should try to explain it at all.” 
I felt like a noose was tightening around my neck. I shook off the feeling and shook my head a little. “Oh…why is that?” “Because.” He took in a deep breath through his nose. “You deserve way better than me.” 
###Next D 508
We just sat there staring at each other until there was a soft knock at the door. “Come In.” Rowan called out, his eyes never leaving mine. 
Clara came in with another cart. “I brought your four bottles. Just in case, and the chef gave me two slices of your favourite strawberry cake, Amy.” She smiled as she pushed the cart over. “I just leave the cart here. Once you are all finished, just push it out into the hall.” She gave us both a small bow and then left us alone. 
I grabbed my glass and took another sip as he finished the first bottle. I waited for another minute, then I sat back. “Well, if you aren’t going to explain, we can just skip this awkwardness and just go our separate ways.” 
He nodded. “That’s what I have been debating.‘ 
estek “I don’t think I could live with 
myself \\ III it all. 
And I know Erubus would abfolutely 
I scoffed and shook my head. “Well then.” This was a waste of time. I pushed back and stood.. 
revolt if I didn’t at least try.” He nodded to my chair. “Please.” 
I to him? Maybe there is a reason. 
parsed my lips as I considered it. Nix whispered softly. 
Can you 
Her words nearly broke me. A reason good enough for everything that he did? 
decision. She looked at Megan, who nodded. 
I don’t know. But I want to at least have all the information before you make 
“Fine.” I sat, and I started back in on the food. I grabbed my wine and finished it. I grabbed a second bottle before Rowan could and filled both of our glasses. “Start at the beginning, then.” 
He nodded once before cutting a bit of steak. “Well then.” He smirked. Then he dove in. “You had me hooked as soon as you asked me to torture someone.” I laughed, but he looked at me with hungry eyes. “Then I 
saw vw you, and I was sold.” I snorted at that. “But it was who you are… that made me fall completely in love with you.‘ 
“> 
He talked more about our time together until he got to my heat. “I knew you would hate me if we went any farther. I had to force myself away. Even Erubus was struggling, and he was set on a beautiful she–wolf from the forest.” He smirked again. 
I had finished my meal and was just swirling my glass. “So you left..” I took a sip, trying my best to focus on now, and not how felt back then. 
He nodded. “I went back to my place and was going insane. So I called your father. 
“My dad?” I grabbed for the cake, picking at it as my stomach rolled. “Why?” 
“Because I wanted his advice.” He took a drink. “Believe it out not. I don’t have a lot of friends.‘ 
I nearly snorted wine through my nose. I coughed. “You don’t say? 
He laughed, but then his smile fell. “I called because I wanted him to tell me it was okay if I chose you instead of waiting for my mate.” He grabbed the bottle of wine and just took a sip from the bottle. “You can guess how well that turned out.” He snorted. 
“What did he say?” My words were soft. 
“He said that we had to play this smart, and getting together at that point would have puta target on your back. Vince, Brandon, they wouldn’t have touched you with a ten–foot pole. And your dad needed you to get close to them.” He took a longer pull from the bottle. “He told me to create space between us. That he would explain it all when the time came, but for our plans to play out, I needed to leave you alone. 
My heart cracked open. “Your letter said you and him made the plans…but I didn’t know he told you that.“, 
“You read the letters?” He looked a little lost. 
I nodded. “When I found out about them…a few days ago.” I grabbed a bottle of my own and popped the cork. Might as well. Before that, I was kept in the dark. You had just left me, and then you ignored me.” 
( 
Chapter 508 
“Ignored you?” He shook his head. “I never ignored you. I called about helping you…I created Thoth.” He emptied the rest of the 
I growled. “Not that it mattered?” I slapped a hand on my chest. 
“You ignored me!” He screamed back. “I was drowning without 
I stood up. “I never fucking ignored you. You ignored me.” I scre fucking left me when I needed you the most and then you wouldr AND YOU U LEFT ME!” 
Chapter 508 
+25 BONUS 
“Ignored you?” He shook his head. “I never ignored you. I called, emailed. You didn’t answer. So when your dad came to me about helping you…I created Thoth.” He emptied the rest of the battle. “Not like it mattered.” 
I growled. “Not that it mattered?” I slapped a hand on my chest. “mattered to me.” 
“You ignored me!” He screamed back. “I was drowning without you and you ignored me. 
I stood up. “I never fucking ignored you. You ignored me.” I screamed the last part as everything came rushing back. “You fucking left me when I needed you the most and then you wouldn’t answer my calls, my texts. Nothing. I FUCKING LOVED YOU AND YOU LEFT ME!” 
###Next D 509
Chapter 509 
Chapter 509 
+25 BONUS 
He stared at me with his mouth slightly opened. “I messaged you Any. I emailed you, I called. But I was blocked.” He pulled out his phone and placed it on the table. He clicked the contacts and clicked my name. I pulled my phone out and waited. 
“The customer you have called is unavailable.” My eyebrows shot up. 
“That’s not right.” I put my phone down. “We spoke when I was getting fixed up in the hospital.” 
He nodded. “You called my office line, not my cell phone.” He sighed. “It’s a desk phone I check every day. I could still call you from that number…” He looked at me with a pained expression. “But it’s not secure, and what I wanted to talk to you about was personal.” He looked away. “But.” He waved his hand at his phone “You blocked me.” 
“But I didn’t/” I pulled up my block list, which was empty, and showed it to him. “See.” I then scrolled to his number and hit 
call. 
“The customer you have called is unavailable.” The same voice rang out, and I raised my eyebrow. 
“You blocked me.” He shook his head and did the same as me. He pulled up his block list, and it was also empty. “How the fuck?” There was a soft click and my door swung open. My father walked in with a sheepish look, holding his phone in his hand. I felt my stomach drop. “Daddy?” My voice sounded small to me. 
“You tell the truth, Gav, or I swear.” My mother’s angry voice rang out from his phone. 
“Mom?” I looked at my dad. “Why are you here?” My father wouldn’t look me in my eyes. “What did you do this time?” 
My mother scoffed. “Your father likes to play puppet master. What do you think he did?” 
“Hey now.” He furrowed his brows. 
“Gavin!” my mom yelled. 
“Daddy?” I tilted my head, and Rowan stood from his chair, hand still clutching the bottle of wine. 
My dad started to pace a little. “Look. Don’t get mad.” My stomach rolled. The food in my stomach now feeling like it was bubbling back up. 
“Gavin.” Rowan called out. “What is going on?” 
He swallowed, but then he squared his shoulders like he decided. “Amy didn’t block you.” He turned to me. “And Rowan didn’t block you.” 
I sighed. “I called-” 
“I know.” My dad raised his hands. “I did it.” My mouth dropped open. 
“What did you just say?” I staggered back to my chair and sank down. 
He looked at me with a pleading look. “Please understand. When Rowan called me about your heat…I panicked.” 
“Daddy.” I whispered, and I watched him wince. He heard the hurt in my voice. “Why?” 
“I needed you to be focused.” He wouldn’t meet my eyes. 
I laughed. “You needed me to focus?” I shook my head. “Wow.” 
Rowan clenched his fists. “I came to you for advice.” His teeth were clenched. “I needed a friend, and you just took it upon yourself to what? Keep me away from your daughter?” 
My dad stared at him for a second. “I trusted you with her wellbeing and she was bullied, almost taken out by Brandon, of all people, and then you left her to burn through her heat alone.” My dad growled low. “Why would I ever trust you with her?” But then he turned to me. “But Amy is an amazing young woman who is smart enough to choose the man she wants to be with.” He turned back to look at Rowan. “Even if it’s you.” 
Chapter 509 
+25 BONUS 
“Then why?” Rowan growled. 
“I already told you why. I needed Amy to focus on Vince and Brandon. And I neededo you focused on Verity and the council.” 1 
“Why was that your choice?” I asked, still reeling from his confession. 
“I’m your father.” He looked surprised I would even ask. 
“I’m the king.” Rowan growled. “It’s not up to you who I talk to or what I focus on.” 
“I knew what needed to be done.” 
My mom, who I had forgotten was even on the phone, blew a raspberry. “My Gavin is a meddler. He thinks he knows best and pulled the strings to get people where he wants them. Like when he lied to me about cheating.” 
“It’s not like that.” He cut in. 
But I laughed. “It’s exactly like that.” I grabbed my wine and chugged half the bottle. 
“Baby girl. I love you.” He seemed hurt that I agreed with my mom 
66 
“Just because you said it doesn’t mean it takes away the pain you did.” I leveled him with a look. “I was mad that he left, but I could understand it. And when my heat muddled brain got past the pain, I even respected him for it.” My eyes cut to Rowan. But it was the silence after that shattered me.” I turned back to my dad. “You shattered me and made me think it was Rowan.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT NOW 
Chapter 510 
###Next D 510
Chapter 510 
My dad staggered with my words. “Amy.” He tried to step closer, but I held up my hand. 
“No.” I looked at my dad, and for probably the first time in my life, I was disappointed by him. “You interfered with my relationships. With Rowans. You pushed us and pulled our strings until we danced to your tune without concern for us. Now you don’t get to be upset because we are upset.” 
Rowan was trembling with his anger. “Leave.” My dad turned to Rowan, and I think he was going to fight. 
“Leave Daddy.” I tossed out as I took another long drink from my bottle. “We played our parts. You got what you wanted. I got the information from Vince.” I looked at Rowan. “I don’t know what he wanted from you, but at this point, it’s a moot point. We all have a job to do.” Rowan turned to me. “I know you’re angry, but it’s done.” 
“Can we just talk about this?” My dad asked. 
But I just shook my head. “Maybe sometime. But not now. You made your choices and now you get to deal with the repercussions.” I cut him a look. “Please…just leave.” 
My dad stared at me for a few minutes. “Okay.” He nodded. “Okay. He turned and walked towards the door. Then he stopped at the door. “For what it’s worth…” He turned back to me. “I was wrong.” His eyes danced to Rowan. “Be brave. Be honest.” He turned back to me. “Be yourself.” Then he was gone. 
I turned to look at Rowan, who was still trembling. “Hey.” His gaze was firmly on the table. “Hey.” I called again and finally he Hooked up. “Calm down.” I shook my head slowly. “It’s fine.” 
“No.” He growled out. “I’m pissed.” 
“Why?” I sighed. “Yeah. It sucks, but it’s already done.” 
His eyes darkened. “You hate me.” His words were soft. “I was so mad at you. I thought you knew everything, and you were still upset. That’s why you weren’t answering me. I tried to understand your side, but some days…” 
“Some days you hated me.” I finished for him. He nodded. “And now you feel a little confused.” 
He blew out a breath. “Yeah.” He nodded. “I guess you are feeling the same?” 
“A little.” I smiled. “I hated you for a long time. But before the graduation. I had let it all go.” He grabbed the bottle of wine, 
only to find it empty. 
“But.” He leveled me with a look. “I know there is a but coming.” 
I laughed. “But at the graduation, you decided to throw Verity at me, while she tried to paint my father as a traitor. That pissed me off all over again.” 
He grabbed the last bottle of wine. Took a deep pull. He pulled out his phone. “We are going to need more wine.” He dialed and requested more wine, and finished the bottle in his hand. “I thought you knew. That’s why I was so confused when you looked at me and I saw hatred. Then you shifted, and Nix was standing in front of me and Erubus was ecstatic. He was screaming in my wear to claim you. He was certain you were his mate. But we were confused why you hated us.” 1 
I furrowed my brow. “What do you mean?” 
“I thought you knew, and you were just playing along with the ruse. I thought you were fantastic until you looked at me at the end. I ran after you to check what the call was about, and to hopefully kiss you. Goddess, I wanted to kiss you, just to make sure you still cared about me.” He paused when there was a knock on the door. Clara came in carrying four more bottles of wine. She put them directly on to the table, loaded up the cart with the empty plates and bottles, and rolled it out of the room. L 
“But then you followed me into a fight.” 
He nodded. “And I was nervous about showing you who I was, who my wolf was, then…” 
“Carl died.” I grabbed a bottle of wine. “And his kid came out.” 
1/3 
Chapter 510 
+25 BONUS 
“You were morning, and I wanted to support you. But when you looked back at me and you saw me, not Ru…I knew I had fucked up. You weren’t a fantastic actor. You actually just hated me at that moment.” I nodded as I blew a raspberry. 2 
“I hadn’t known anything. And I hated you.” I looked at him. “I wanted to hate you so much. It drove me closer to Brandon. My dad was right about that. Once you were out of the picture, I allowed him closer. And when I found out about Verity, I allowed him closer.” Rowan growled. “But it did get us what we needed.” 
“We hope.” 
###Next D 511
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 511 
I snorted. “You got me there.” I drank more wine. “But it did get us more information. It unveiled the Brotherhood, and it got me out of there.” 
He nodded once. “But now you hate me.” He scratched at the grain on the table. “And I don’t know how I am supposed to recover from that.” 
“You lied to me.” 
He blew out a breath. “I did…but in my defence. I didn’t think I was ” 
I snorted. “How do you fucking figure?” 
He raised his hands. “I wrote you a letter every week to cover some of the miscommunication. But I also thought your dad was telling you all of his plans. And I say his plans because I was following his lead. He was able to move in the shadows, while pretending to be dead, and I was stuck in the limelight.” 
“So you were playing your part thinking that I was too, only to find out afterwards that I wasn’t.” I slumped. 
“Yeah.” He chugged. “Look, I have been taught all of my life that I have to be careful. That I have to keep myself hidden. So when I am me, I don’t talk about my wolf’s name unless I am with family. When Erubus is out, he does the same.” 
“Why?” 
He tilted his head at me like I was being foolish. “I am the last Lycan.” He blinked at me. “Well, I thought I was the last Lycan. My kind were hunted down, my father was killed, and I was raised by backstabbing assholes.” His phone rang, but he silenced it. “But even before my world fell apart, it was the same. I am a Lycan male. I have to hide my scent or I will drive females crazy.” I rolled my eyes, which made his lips twitched. “You can roll your eyes. But until you have seen an unmated female scent, a Lycan male, you wouldn’t understand.” 
“Come on.” I shook my head. 
“The first time I saw it was when I was nine. A male thought it would be funny to release his scent in a pack. Thankfully, it was a small pack because there were only twelve unmated females. But all twelve went insane.” 
“What do you mean?” I leaned onto the table, ensnared by his words. 
“I mean it literally. Four killed themselves when he found his mate. One plucked out her eyes. The rest had to be shipped out of the country so they would stop chasing him.” 
“Holy.” 
He nodded. “One of the woman actually snuck back to America. And when the man and his mate were rushing to the pack doctor to deliver their first pup, they were hit by her car. She made sure the mate was dead and then dragged the man from the erash. She took him, and when he refused to mate her, she killed him and then herself.” 
I leaned my head in my hand. “Seriously?” He nodded. 
“It shaped how I see mating, and scent sharing. My mother made sure I understood how much it could ruin someone.” He took a deep breath. “That’s why I always held myself back from you. I have scented you, and I knew you weren’t my mate.” He met my eyes. “I prayed to the goddess that I was wrong.” He shook his head. “It was silly, but true.” He groaned as he sat back. “I’ll never be able to let myself be free around you. Never share everything with you. And you deserve that. Even from a chosen mate.” 
His words hit me. “Rowan.” 
He waved me off. “You do.” He stood up from the table. “I have spent these last few years, getting close to you as Thoth, and I know that was a cruel thing to do. But I had no other way to talk to you. Your father made sure of that. But when he came to me with a compromise, I jumped at it.” 
“Rowan.” 
1/3 
Chapter 511 
+25 BONUS 
“I’m sorry, okay?” He started to pace. “I’m sorry I listened to your father and stayed away. I’m sorry I made you feel abandoned. I’m sorry that I pretended to be Thoth to be able to talk to you.” 
I stood and grabbed my bottle of wine and chugged it. Nix stood up on her feet. Are you doing what I think you are doing? 
I ignored her questions and finished my bottle. “Rowan.” 
“Amy please, I know I have treated you like a piece of shit. And to be fair, I don’t deserve your forgiveness, but I am asking for it.” He had walked halfway across my room, and I followed him. “Even if you can’t forgive me fully. Can you please just give me an inch? Can we be friends?” He whirled to find me behind him and he jumped. “Fucking hell.” He settled. “I need you in my life, Amy. In any form you will give me.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 512
Chapter 512 
Chapter 512 
“Rowan.” I grabbed his face. 
“What?” He looked confused. 
“You have never scented me.” I dropped my hands as his face fell. 
“Yeah, I have.” He shook his head. 
+25 BONUS 
“Rowan. No, you haven’t.” I shook my head as I stepped back. “You always scented me as said I smelt wrong, because you were right. I had to hide my scent from Brandon. But you can’t be selective about how your scent is shared.” He nodded. 
“I know.” He shook his head. He wasn’t understanding what I was saying. 
I snorted. “Do you?” I raised an eyebrow. “Because I don’t think you do. A wolf without a scent is an abomination, so I couldn’t just stop my scent all together.” 
“Smart actually. I figured you stopped it around Brandon.” He still looked confused. 
“You know that isn’t true. You have been around me when Brandon was.” I poked his chest. “I need you to use that big brain of yours and think. If I needed to hide my scent, but couldn’t not have a scent, what option did I have left?” 
He stared at me for a second. “I don’t know.” 
I smiled and poked his forehead this time. “I had to change my scent so that he couldn’t recognize me as his mate.” 
He shook his head, “I know…” 
I threw my head back and laughed. “That means that I had to use the same scent for everyone…” I dragged out my words and he 
nodded. 
“Okay…” He trailed off and finally a spark of understanding was in his eyes. “But we were alone, a lot.” 
I nodded. “I know, but I never changed my scent so that my real one didn’t cling to anything.” 
He staggered back a step. “You have never scented me…and I have never scented you.” 
“Bingo.” 
“So you could be my mate?” His voice held raw need when he asked me. 
I grimaced. “I already had a mate.” 
“But you rejected him.” He stepped closer. “You could, in fact, be my mate…” 
I looked up into his eyes, and I could see the hope flare there. “I mean….sure it’s possible. But what are the chances?” 
He took the last step, pulling me against him. “I don’t care about the chances…I don’t care that your father kept us apart. I don’t care that you have magic, you have a pup, I don’t even care if you want to stay in your dad’s pack once this is all over. The only thing I care about is you.” 
My breath was sucked from my lungs. “Rowan.” 
“Please Amy.” He leaned down and put his forehead against me. “I don’t beg…anyone. I’m a king, sure, but I am a man first. And I am begging here. If you need me to get on my knees, I will. Erubus is going crazy inside, because Nix and Megan won’t meet with him. He’s so infatuated with them, and I will beg, I will crawl. Whatever you need, I will do it. Just please. Give it a shot.” 
“What if I’m not your mate? What then? We will be right back here hurting each other.” 
He shook his head. “Goddess, no.” He grabbed my hands. “I don’t want to hurt you. I obviously won’t be taking anymore advice from your dad. But fuck Amy. If you aren’t my mate…I’m okay with not being able to release my scent ever. I’m okay with 
1/3 
Chapter 512 
+25 BONUS 
forsaking everyone else for you.” He slid his hands up my arms and cupped my face. “I want you. Mate or not. I need you in my life, and whether is it as a friend, or more?” He leaned down and kissed me. 
His kissed was hesitant, but full of need. When he realized I wasn’t pulling away, he deepened it. His hands tightened on my face, and a deep rumble in his chest. His lips became hungrier as he tilted my head for better access. 
Nix was pacing and Megan was panting on the ground. Amy, this isn’t a smart move. You need to stop before you push us into our heat. 
Megan’s tongue was hanging out of her mouth. She popped up long enough to look at me with fire in her eyes. It might be too 
late. 
I wrenched my mouth from Rowan’s and I watched his face fall. I needed a minute, but then he turned away and panic set in. Wait.” I spun him round and lept into his arms, slamming my mouth on his. His groan was delicious as he wrapped his hands around my ass. I pulled back. “We have to stop.” 
“Why?” He leaned in and caught my lips again. 
16 
I pulled back with a chuckle. “Because I’m about to start another heat, and if you keep kissing me, it will start whether or not we want it to.“” 
He pulled back to stare at my face. “You only go into heat if you found a male your wolf likes…” 
Alicia S. Rivers Author 
I know I haven’t been posting every day and I am sorry. I have posted on my socials, but I am dealing with health issues. And I am doing two signings this week. I will still try to post every other day and I am hoping to wrap up soon I swear! It’s a lot of info to cran 
136 
###Next D 513
hapter 513 
Inodded. “Yeah.” 
His hands slipped from under me. He was still holding me up, but he was trying to create space. “I’m sorry.” 
I tilted my head and raised my eyebrow. “Why are you sorry?” 
He placed me down on the ground. “Your wolves have picked someone.” 
I nodded. “They have, but it doesn’t change or effect who I will decide to mate with.” 
His face fell and then he turned his face away. “I thought you were in sync with your wolves.” 
+25 BONUS 
I smiled and snagged his hand. “I am. They are the ones that decided.” I pulled him back to the table and pushed him back into his chair. “Megan was the first to decide to pull away from romantic decisions.” 
“Why?” He grabbed a bottle and drank as I went back to my seat… 
“Because he mate was Brandon and well…come on. I know it is the Goddess’s will, but in my last life she was head over heels for him and look where that got us.” 1 
Hey! Megan looked a little hurt. It’s true but low blow. Nix chuffed out a laugh. 
“Okay…but what about Nix?” 
I grimaced at the question. “Honestly? She pulled back because of you and Erubus.” 
He sucked in a breath through his teeth. “Really?” 
I nodded. “You kinda of messed me up.” I took a drink. “And I’m not saying this to upset you. Just the facts. She didn’t pull back until after she found out that Erubus was you.” 1 
He sat back and took another drink. “Then who’s the guy?” 
I stopped mid sip. “What?” 
“Whose the male that they set their sights on? The one that triggered the heat?” He looked jealous, and it just made me snort. 
“You dumbass.” I palmed my face. “Or I should say Erubus. That little fucker has been coming and visiting. He won them er by throwing you under the bus, though.” I laughed a little. 
“What?” 
I nodded. “They never tell me what they talk about exactly, but the gist I get is that you, the human, kept getting in the way of Erubus and Nix.” I laughed because he looked so surprised. 
“Wait a minute.” 
I leaned onto the table. “Okay?” 
“You said I was the one that triggered your heat.” I nodded. “Your wolves chose me?” 
I nodded again. “Uh, huh? Well…Erubus, but yeah, you guys are in the same body.” 
His hands twitched when I said that and his eyes burned with need “Me?” 
I nodded again. “But…” I raised my shoulder. “I had thought…” I puffed out a breath, then just stopped. 
“What?” He reached over and grabbed my hand. 
I shook my head and chuckled softly. “I thought before the letters that maybe I could try with Thoth but then I read the letters 
and I didn’t know what I was going to do with you.” I met his eyes and felt the hurt bubble up again. 
Chapter 513 
+25 BONUS 
“But I turned out to be Thoth.” 
Inodded. “Yup.” I popped the p and sighed. “I had loved you as Rowan. And then everything my father and you decided ripped me apart.” 
“I’m sorry.” He squeezed my hands, and I nodded again. 
“I know. But hearing those words doesn’t change how it felt.” He looked down again and pulled back his hand. 
“I know.” 
I snagged his hand again. “Then I loved you as Thoth. And when I found out the truth, it hurt. It hurt more than I would like to admit because it felt like you were making a fool out of me.” 
“I wasn’t.” He flipped his hand over and tried to thread his fingers through mine, but because of how we were sitting, it was a fumbling mess of fingers. I laughed, and Rowan blushed. “It’s stupid. I thought you were ignoring me, and I need you in my life. Thoth was your father’s solution.” 
I tilted my head. “You said that, and I was confused. What do you mean?” 
Rowan leaned back in his chair, pulling my hand with him. “When your dad blocked our messages, I thought you were mad at me because of the heat. I tried for weeks to talk to you, and I told you dad I was going to go to the school, he told me not to. But he said you asked for someone to help with your courses because the teacher that took over was confusing you.” I shook my head slowly. “You never asked your dad for help in finding a mentor.” I shook my head again. Rowan groaned. “He told me instead of going to the school, and interrupting your studies, that he would introduce me as Thoth. A friend to help you with your schoolwork. That way we could talk, and we would know it is us, but if anyone saw the messages, they wouldn’t know who was who.” He groaned again. “I knew something was fishy because you acted like you didn’t know who I was at all. He convinced me your were just really committed to the secret.” (2 
Chapter 514 
###Next D 514
Chapter 514 
Ilaughed. “Really committed to the secret?” 
He whined. “It sounds stupid when you say it like that.” 
I laughed harder. “I think it sounds stupid when anyone says it, babe.” 
His head snapped up. “Babe?” I pulled my hand back and looked away, but I could feel the tips of my ears burning, “Amy?” I could hear the question in his voice and I turned back, crossing my arms to make myself feel more comfortable. 
“Yeah?” Ibraced myself. His soft words were probably meant to confort me, but in reality, they just made me start to panic. 
“Will you stop hiding your scent?” His question was soft, but it jolted me from my spiral. 
“What?” I shook to clear my head. “What did you just ask?” 
He furrowed his brows. “Can you stop hiding your scent?” 
“Why?” I grabbed for my bottle of wine and took a sip. “Will it actually change anything?” 
“Yes…no…I don’t freaking no.” He pushed up from his seat and paced again. “I don’t know. That’s the goddess truth. What if we are mates? What if the goddess selected you for me this time around because in your past you died, and I was killed?” 
I tilted my head. “You weren’t killed in my past life.” 
He looked away. “I was.” 
I shook my head. “No, you weren’t. I would have remembered that.” 
“You wouldn’t have…because you were already dead when I was killed.” His words hung in the air. 
My mouth was half open, and my face was a mask of confusion. “What? How do you know that?” 
He blew out a breath. “I’ve told no one about this before.” He hesitated before he looked back at me. “But I have dreams.” He ran his hands through his hair. “Or I thought they were dreams until today.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“All my life, I have had dreams about my mate. The dark Lycan that I would mate with. She was always in her Lycan form, black hair, golden eyes.” He paced as he talked. “But then the Lycans died off, and I thought it was just a dream, something my mind made up. But Erubus was set on her. That’s why he was never swayed by another she–wolf. Until you.” 
“What does this have to do with what you just said?” 
“Just let me explain it my way.” I raised my hands and motioned for him to continue. “My dreams about my mate stopped when my father died and I had forgotten about my mate, but Erubus never did. So when we met Nix, and he was head over heels so quickly…I thought good he’s moved on. But.” 
“Rowan?” I sighed. 
He waved his hands. “Anyway, my point is I thought it was all dreams. But when you called me for the first time, the dreams started up again, but they were different.” 
“What do you 
mean?” 
“I’wasn’t dreaming of a Lycan woman. I was dreaming of a report coming across my desk about you being killed by your mate for defiling the mate bond, and getting pregnant with another males pup. He had worded it in a way that didn’t sit right with me, so I came to Oakenfang to investigate. But when I got here, instead of figuring out anything, the omegas poisoned my food with silver and wolfsbane.” 
“What?” I growled, but he just smirked. 
1/3 
Chapter 514 
+25 BONUS 
“I died with Vince standing over me with a male I didn’t recognize Not at first.” He shook his head. “But now I don’t think they were dreams at all.” 
“What do you mean?” I stood. 
“After you ran out of the meeting. I spoke with your dad and I caught sight of a picture on the top shelf in his office.” I thought, back to the pictures in my father’s office and I knew there were a few. “It was the one of his parents. It was small, and out of the way, almost as if it wasn’t meant to catch anyone’s eye.” 
“Okayyy.” 
“The man I saw with Vince was Garith.” He turned to face me. “I had never seen Garith before. My father, when he was alive, was very particular about which alphas I could meet. He wasn’t one of them. So how could I have known his face before if I had never seen him before?” He started to pace again. “It was then I realized my dreams weren’t just dreams.” He walked to me.” And you are the only wolf I know with black fur and golden eyes.” He grabbed my hand. 
“Rowan.” I started, but he interrupted me. 
“You are part Lycan.” He said it as a fact, so I just nodded. “But you don’t think you can shift into a Lycan form.” I nodded again. “Females can’t until they are fully mated. But that doesn’t change the fact. You are the last Lycan female, and I’m the last male.” 
“No…I’m not.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 515
Chapter 515 
“What do you mean?” He looked lost. “We are.” 
I just shook my head. “No, there are others.” I held up my hand. “don’t know where. It’s not even up to us to find them. That is going to fall on someone else. The goddess has already told me that.“. 
“There are others?” I nodded. “How?” 
“The goddess.” I stepped closer to him. “When the brotherhood hunted them, she did something. I don’t know all the facts, but there is a colony hidden somewhere.” 
“We have to look for them.” He tried to turn away, but I pulled him back. 
“Even if we were to look, it would be a waste of our time. It is not for us to find them.” 
“Then who?” He rumbled in his chest and I felt my stomach clench 
“Carly.” I sighed. “It will be her task to find the lycans and bring them home. Our job is here, our job is now.” 
“What do you mean?” His eyes flashed. Erubus was coming closer to the surface. 
“The humans are paying attention. If we allow Vince and the Brotherhood to continue down the path they are, we will be found out.” He swallowed, and I watched his Adam’s apple bob. I shook my head to clear it. He was effecting me again. 1 
Nix panted. Our heat is close. I don’t think we will make it through the night. 
We have to. I called back. We are supposed to attack the rogues tomorrow night. 
“She is just a kid.” Rowan’s words snapped me back. 
I nodded. “I know. But the goddess has a plan.” Heat rose to my face. “All I can do is support her when the time comes, and do the task that the goddess has given to me. I will help you save our kind. And give her the time to grow into the strong woman I am going to raise her to be.” 
“Like your mom did for you?” He looked down at me with such intensity that I felt myself grow damp. 
“Fuck.” 
“What?” He tilted his head down and I shivered. “What’s wrong?” 
“The heat is coming faster than I thought it would.” I forced myself to take a step back. “I think we will have to postpone the attack.” 
Rowan followed my step. “I don’t think we can.” 
I growled low. “Well, I’m about to be out of commission for a week or so. So we will have to fucking figure it out.” 
He rumbled deep in his chest again. “Have I ever told how sexy you are when you get angry?” He stepped closer again and I felt myself take a deep breath. 
And there was nothing. I growled again. “You need to leave.‘ 
He smirked as he pressed his chest against me. “Why would I go and do that?” He looked down at me, and I watched his eyes flash to the ice blue I had grown to crave, but I shook my head. 
“You know what is about to happen?” I shook myself and turned away. 
“I know. And I don’t care this time. Erubus chose Nix, he chose Megan. And mate or not, I have chosen you.” I sucked in a breath, but still there was no scent that I could catch. Another grow ripped from my chest. “Now the question is…will you choose me?” His tone was as even as he could manage, but I heard the catch, the worry, that he tried to mask. 
“You don’t want me.” I shook my head. “Not really. You have said at time and time again. I smelled wrong. I wasn’t your mate. I 
Chapter 515 
wasn’t enough.” I growled out. 
He pressed against my back, and I felt him. His long, hard length was pressed against my back. “Does that feel like I don’t want you? And don’t tell me it is because of your heat. I can’t even smell you.” He leaned down until his lips were against the shell of 
my ear. 
I felt myself purr. My eyelids fluttered as his lips grazed my ear with every word. “Rowan…” My words were soft, and I tried to move away from him, but he followed with a taunting growl. 
“Amy.” His teeth grazed me. “Listen to my words.” I shivered again. He rumbled again, making my eyes flutter again and my breathing hitch. “I choose you. Mate or not. It’s you. It has always been you.” 
Do it Amy. Nix panted. 
Yeah Amy. Mate or not. We need to be truthful, not just for him, but for ourselves. 
I squeezed my eyes tight. “I don’t know…” I whispered. 
“Do you love me?” His question was so quiet I almost missed it. 
“What?” 
“Do you love me?” His hands trailed up my sides. “Because I love you. May the goddess forgive me, but I love you with everything I am. I would give up being king to be by your side and I wouldn’t lose a night of sleep. So do you love me?” 
I took one ragged breath before I cut the magic that was hiding my scent. 
ac 
Chapter 516 
###Next D 516
My scent flooded my room, and Rowan froze. He pulled in deep breath after deep breath. My heat was burning my skin, and I could smell my arousal that pooled in between my legs. “Rowan.” couldn’t face him. I couldn’t see his disappointed face when he realized I wasn’t his mate. 
“So fucking stupid.” His words hit me in the chest. 
I closed my eyes and felt the burn of tears. Not again. I took a deep breath in and stepped away. “I told you.” I shook my head and pinched myself to stop the tears from falling: “Can you please leave now?” I felt a tear escape anyway, and I sniffled. I staggered and then I pulled in another deep breath. I spun around to face Rowan. 
“You smell like strawberry shortcake.” His eyes were blown, the color gone. 
I drew in another breath, his scent filling my lungs, my mind, my soul. “You smell like vanilla and cinnamon.” I took a step towards him. I felt my stomach quiver as his scent surrounded me. Like cinnamon rolls.” 
He grabbed me and lifted me up. “Mate.” His eyes shifted and his ice–blue eyes flashed at me and I knew Erubus was fronting. 
When I first found out I was Brandon’s mate, I felt the rush from Megan, who I assumed was Nix, but I was disappointed because I had spent my life hating him. But with Rowan, he was different. He was everything I had ever wanted. My wolves loved him, and if I was honest, I had never stopped loving him. 2 
I felt my fangs descend, and my eyes flash gold. “Mate.” Nix’s word fell from my lips and it was the first time I had ever felt the rush of excitement I longed for the first time around. His lips crashed into mine and my heat crashed into us full force. 
Rowan growled and bit the bottom of my lip as he pulled back. “I am holding on by a thread here. But I will ask you this once.” His eyes glowed, but I knew Rowan was fighting Erubus for control “Do you want me?” 
Nix and Megan were panting, but they also pulled back. You make this choice, Amy. Megan’s voice was a pained whisper. 
We won’t force this on you. We promised you to make this choice, and we meant it. 
I trembled with the heat licking my skin, and I was quickly losing the ability to think. But I knew with certainty that I wanted this. I wanted him. 
“Yes.” I barely finished the word before Rowan smashed his lips back to mine. His groan was intoxicating as he lifted me back into his arms. He walked back towards my bed. 
“I have thought about this moment for…years.” He pulled back to look into my eyes. “I want to tell you that this will last all night. And it will. Believe me, that it will. But this first time will be fast, rough, and probably not very satisfying.” I wanted to chuckle, but I barely had a second to breathe before he slammed his mouth back on mine. My he was back in full force, the tiny respite that my wolves gave me, a forgotten dream. Rowan threw me onto the bed, and I bounced with a small shriek. His smirk was delicious as he climbed over me. “Take a breath.” 
I furrowed my brow. “What?” 
“Take a breath.” He said it again and I felt a little command in his words. I smiled as I took in a deep breath. Rowan leaned down and gripped my shirt, pulling the cloth tight, causing it to bite into my skin as he ripped it from my body, my bra going with it. His rumble of appreciation as he watched my tits bounce had me dripping. “Goddess, you are fucking perfect.” He moved to my pants and pulled them from my body, leaving me naked under him “Fuck.” He wasted no time undressing himself. And I watched with greedy eyes. “Do you like what you see, rabbit?” His voice had somehow dropped lower with his need. 
“Yes.” My eyes refused to move from his hands as he stripped his shirt from his chest. I licked my lips as his hands dropped to his belt. 
“Tell me what you want.” His words were low as his eyes feasted on my naked body. 
“Take off your pants.” My command had sprung to my lips, and he smiled as he followed my words. His belt slipped from the buckle and he swept it from the loops in such a way that I moaned. His chuckle was dark as he unbuckled his button. 
“Is that all?” He lifted an eyebrow as his hand pulled down his zipper slowly, causing me to growl. 
1/3 
Chapter 516 
A 
“I want your lips on me, your tongue trialing my skin.” I pushed bed. “I want you inside of me, over and over, until my heat break 
echoed around my room as I popped up to my knees and I trailed claim me, mate.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
Chapter 516 
+25 BONUS 
“I want your lips on me, your tongue trialing my skin.” I pushed up from the bed and crawled to where he was at the side of the bed. “I want you inside of me, over and over, until my heat breaks, and then I want to do it all over again.” His needy rumble echoed around my room as I popped up to my knees and I trailed my hands up my sides until I cupped my breasts. “Now come claim me, mate.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 517
Chapter 517 
His pants hit the ground with a soft thud. I raised my eyebrow when he was standing in his underwear. “Those too.”
“These stay on until I take my fill.” I dropped my hands and felt my face turn to a pout, but he grabbed my hips and lifted me into his arms. His lips crushed mine, and I moaned against his lips. He pressed his fingers into my ass, pressing my pussy against stomach. “You smell so fucking good.” He pulled back enough to whisper against my mouth. “I can’t wait to taste you.” He climbed up into my bed, shuffling to the top.
He dropped me onto the pillows and just looked at me. I felt heat crawling up my cheeks. “What?”
He stared for a few minutes longer. “You are gorgeous.” His eyes were glowing from his need. “The goddess blessed me when she gave me you
as a mate.”
“Rowan…just kiss me.” He smiled as he dropped on top of me. His lips trailed down my neck, then he bit me. “Goddess.” I moaned again.” Fuck Rowan.”
His dark chuckle came from my chest as he moved lower. “Your skin tastes sweet. You are made to be eaten.” His head dropped to my tits as his lips latched onto my nipple. He pressed his body against mine, and I felt his need against my lower legs. I groaned again. I needed his body inside of mine. He snagged my nipple between his teeth and he pulled.
“Fuck.” I screamed and arched against him. “Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Rowan. Stop teasing me.” I begged him, and he pulled off my nipple. “Fuck
me. Please.”
“I love when you beg rabbit.” He leaned up and kissed me. “But I’m going to take my time with you because I know as soon as I fuck you, it’s going to be over. I want this to last as much as possible.” He kissed and licked down my body until he wedged himself between my legs. He flipped my legs over his shoulders, and then smiled up at me before he lowered his mouth on to my pussy.
I arched up and grabbed his head. “Oh, goddess.” He rumbled in his chest, and it vibrated out of his mouth, causing me to cry out again. My core tightened as his rumble peaked. From one second to another, I was tumbling off a cliff I had no idea I was close to. “I’m coming.” I screamed as he lapped at me.
“Fuck, you taste even better than I thought you would.” He dove back between my legs and feasted on me. He wedges one shoulder against my tightening thigh to keep my legs open as he trailed his fingers down my slick and trembling skin. “So sensitive.” His whispered words were maddening. I needed him.
“Please fuck me.” I begged again, pulling at his hair to force him to look at me. “Please.” The pleading in my voice seemed to break his resolve as he pushed up to his knees. I stared greedily at the bulge that was straining against the dark fabric.
He smirked. “Are you hungry, rabbit?”
“Huh?” I glanced up at his face, confused.
His dark chuckled had my legs twitching as he trailed his hand down his chest that was slick with my release. “Are you hungry?”
I shook my head to clear the fog. “What are you talking about?”
He slipped his hand under the fabric and stroked his long length, teasing me. “You are staring at me like I’m a steak and you are starving.” Hr grinned. “Do you like what you see?” 
I bit my lip. “I don’t know…” His face faltered. “Take it off, and I’ll tell you.” I leaned back and watched with greedy eyes as he cupped his cock. “Don’t stop for me.”
His fangs descended as he slipped the last piece of clothing off, and he finally sprang free. His cock was long, thick, and impossibly hard. It looked painful as his fingers wrapped around the base and stroked up. He shivered as he watched me trail my hand down to my pussy to rub my clit as he stroked himself. “Fuck that’s sexy.” His deep rumble caused my skin to pebble. He stroked himself one more time before crawling back between my legs. “Are you sure?” He stared into my eyes as I felt his cock bob against my thigh.
I nodded. “I want you to fuck me, Rowan. Mate me, mark me, and claim me as yours.” He closed his eyes as his forehead touched mine. “I want the world to know that you are my king, my mate, my heart.” I kissed his lips softly. “I love you. I never stopped.”
His eyes snapped open. “I love you.” Then he lined himself up and slammed inside of me. His length shredded through the last barrier I had and I screamed. “Should I stop?” He froze above me.
###Next D 518
I panted below him. “Give me a second.” My face was a mask of pain. “You are so big.” I sounded breathless as he started to pull away, dragging himself out of me, causing a slight shiver. I wrapped my arms around his back. “Just wait.” He sighed, and I felt him pulsing inside of me. The idea of him so needy his cock was twitching inside of me turned me on, easing the pain a little.
“Amy.” He sounded strangled as he dropped his head to my shoulder. I felt him trying to breathe, but his hips thrusted a tiny bit forward, sinking him back into my heat. “Sorry.” He groaned out as I breathed through the burn. I felt my walls fluttering, trying to get used to his size. He groaned again, pulling away slowly. “I can’t.” He pulled almost all the way out. “I want to give you time to adjust, but you feel too good. If I stay still, I will cur.” I tried to listen to his words, but the slow withdrawal of his cock had my walls dancing. My groan was long and drawn out. “I’m sorry, I’m trying to go slow. I don’t want to hurt you.”
I tightened my hands on his back and pulled him back against me. His hips slammed into mine and we both moaned. “Fuck yes.” My eyes rolled into the back of my head. “Do that again.” His eyes glowed as he pulled out again, slowly. Then he slammed back deep inside, and I felt the orgasm slammed through me. I wrapped my legs around his back and screamed. “Fuck I’m coming again.” I felt it overtake me as Rowan slammed into me over and over.
He held my hips up, fingers digging into my ass as he slammed home. “God, this pussy was made for my cock.” He threw his head back as another orgasm rolled through my body. “Fuck rabbit. You are such a good girl, cumming for me. Look at how wet you are for my cock.”
Hsat back on his heels, pulling me with him. “Rowan, fuck goddess.” My back arched off the bed, leaving my shoulders holding my weight.
“Just like that, baby.” He groaned again as he continued to pump into me. His one hand held me up as the other slipped to my apex. His thumb started to circle my clit, sending sparks through my entire body.
“Fuck.” I screamed again. My eyes rolled into the back of my head. “I thought…you were…a virgin.” I looked up as he played with my clit.
He grinned as he pulled me up, pulling me to sit on his lap, and sinking me deeper onto his cock. “I am,” He panted as he fucked me. “Doesn’t mean I didn’t pay attention to biology. And p**n. Most is useless, but some…” He groaned as he pulled me harder down onto his shaft. “Some are very enlightening.” He kissed my lips, using my body to give himself pleasure.
“Holy shit.” I felt another orgasm coming, but I needed something. I didn’t know what, but I followed my instinct and twisted. Rowan rolled onto the bed, landing underneath me.
“Amy?” He looked startled, but I raised my hips and slammed them down as hard as I could onto him.
I screamed as the angle of his cock hit something deep inside of me. “Yes!” I moaned as I continued to ride him. My orgasm was never ending at this angle. His knot was starting to swell, and that made it so much better. “Yes, fill me, fuck me, breed me.” I screamed as my heat over took all semblance of sanity from me.
He groaned under me, eyes blazing as he pulled me down, fully seating himself inside of me as his knot fully swelled, locking us in place as he pumped shot after shot of his cum into me. I started to convulse, another rolling orgasm to hit, causing him to moan. “Fuck yes, rabbit. Take my fucking cum.” He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me down to his chest, then he slammed his fangs into my shoulder, sealing our bond on his side. “Fuck I love you.” He licked my mate mark closed, then turned his head to the side so I could seal my side of the bond.
“I love you.” Then I bit into his shoulder, sealing the bond completely.
He groaned once more as I felt him swell even more. I groaned with him. “Fuck, I’m coming again.” His hand trailing down my back and pulling my ass harder against him, sinking my pussy deeper onto his knot. “Such a good girl. Taking my full knot.” He wrapped his other hand around my throat, pulling my face to his to kiss him. “I can’t wait to do this again.” His smile was wide against my lips. “I’ll need about thirty minutes and some food.”
I smiled. “Good, because we are just getting started.”
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
###Next D 519
Chapter 519
There was a knock on the door, and I groaned as it sounded, “No…go away.”
“Amy?” Ronnie’s voice rang out, and I groaned again, “Lady bug. We have to talk.”
Rowan cracked an eye. “Why is there someone pounding on the door?”
I sat up with a wince. My body was tender. I rolled over and looked at the time, “It’s nine in the morning.” I rubbed at my eyes, The sheet fell down my body and I gasped again. The feeling of the fabric sent my body into overdrive. My skin pebbled, and
Rowan reached out a hand.
“Give me a few minutes to wake up and I’m yours.” His finger trailed the curve of my breast, causing me to groan. “Goddess, I am a lucky man.”
“Lady bug?” There was another knock. “Are you okay?”
I puffed out a breath and pushed up away from Rowan’s hand. “Tease.” He called after me as he pushed himself into a seating position, the blankets draped across his lap.
I snorted out a laugh as I grabbed my robe. “I’m pretty sure you are still drained,”
He chuckled. “Won’t stop me from trying.” I waited for the heat, the rush of warmth that proceeded the burn that would turn me back to the bed. I turned, and he lifted a brow, waiting for whatever would come next. There was a pause. “All gone?”
I tilted my head and walted for another minute before I nodded. “Heats gone.” I smiled.
“Regrets?” His fists clenched in the sheets, but he did his best to remain nonchalant about the question.
“Amy?” Another knock rang through the room.
But my focus was on my mate. I headed back to the bed and slid into his lap. “Not one. You?”
He slid a hand behind my head and pulled my lips against his. I felt a shiver build at the base of my spine and my skin pebble again. He pulled back far enough to look into my eyes. “Not at all.” He kissed me once more. “Now go see what he wants.” Another knocked pounded on my door.
“Amy!” Ronnie sounded a little anxious. “What is going on?”
I sighed as I stood up and turned. Rowan leaned over and smacked my ass with a huge smile on his face. I just laughed and shook my head as I walked to the door. I pulled it open. “Hey?” I leaned against the door, “What’s wrong?”
Ronnie looked me up and down with a frown on his face. “What happened to you?”
1 looked down, causing the door to shift open wider, and Ronnie gasped. I looked up and saw Ronnie’s eyes narrow. “Nothing.” I trailed off as I followed his gaze and it landed on Rowan, who was just smiling like a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
“Good morning, Ronnie.” Rowan gave him a tiny wave.
Ronnie turned to me. “Amy.” He looked confused. “I thought you were waiting for your mate…” He looked a little hurt, and definitely mad.
I shifted the side of my robe to the side, and Rowan turned his neck. Our mating mark was on full display. “I did.”
Ronnie leaned in and looked at the mark. His eyes danced across the moon and stars that dusted my shoulder. “You are mated to the king?” He took a step back and then dropped to his knee. “My queen.”
I rushed to grab his hands. “Uncle Ronnie. Please get up.” I looked back at Rowan to see him holding in a laugh. “You never have to bow for me.” I pulled him up from the ground. “Why are you here?”
He swallowed. “You father sent me here. The rogues are making some moves.” His eyes danced between the two of us. “He is requesting you both in his office. I was just about to go look for you.” He pointedly looked at Rowan. “How did this happen?”
I started to laugh. “We actually talked. And decided to be honest with each other. Plus, my heat hit last night.”
Ronnie’s eyes snapped to Rowan. “You used her heat to mate her?” His snarl was loud and savage. He took a step towards the bed.
I snapped out a hand. “No. Goddess no.”
1/3
Chapter 57%
+25 Bonus
“Are you threatening me Beta Ronald?” Rowan growled low, and his eyes flashed to Erubus’s.
I turned to Rowan and pointed at him. “You better fuck right off.” Rowan glared at Ronnie for another second before his anger
dissolved. 
“Yes, my love.” He settled back against the headboard, looking very content.
I shook my head. “He isn’t a chosen mate. Ronnie, look at the mark closer.” I leaned in. “This is a goddess given mark.”
Ronnie looked back at my mark, and I watched him settle. “He’s your actual mate?”
I nodded. “I released my scent and then so did Rowan.” I looked back at my mate. “He is my goddess given mate.”
###Next D 520
Chapter 520 
Ronnie sighed. “Good.” He smiled wide. “I was worried he took advantage of you.”
Rowan scoffed. “Do you really think I would do that?”
+25 Bonus 
Ronnie looked over my shoulder. “I don’t know you. You are my king, and Gavin might trust you, but I do not. Not with her.” He turned to me. “Your dad needs to see you as soon as you can.” His eyes snapped to Rowan for a second. “I would shower quickly if you could.” Then he smiled at me. “I’m happy for you, bug.” He turned around and left.
I closed the door with a shake of my head. Rowan got up from the bed, and I heard the soft padding of his footsteps before he wrapped his arms around me. “Let’s go shower, rabbit. I’m not ashamed of our mating, but I don’t want the first time seeing your dad being covered in your cum.”
I giggled as I turned in his arms. “You have met him before. You do realize that, right?” I leaned up on my tiptoes to kiss his lips.
“I know, but that was as his king, his friend, or his enemy when I was younger. This time it is going to be as his son–in–law and I would still like to make a good impression.” He picked me up in his arms and walked into my bathroom.
He placed me on the counter and turned to the shower. I watched as he bent in to turn the water on, enjoying the view of his ass. I felt a purr rumble from my chest and his deep chuckle came from the shower. “What?” I called out to him.
He peaked out. “Nothing rabbit. Just love to hear your reaction to my body.” The tips of his ears were a little red. “The water is warmed. Do you have towels in here?”
I nodded, and hopped up off the counter, walking to the wall next to the glass door, and I pressed it in. A sliding towel warmer popped out, with towels ready. “Yeah. I’ll just turn on the warmer, so they are nice and toasty when we get out.” I grinned as I flicked on the switch and shut the door. The surprised look on his face made me giggle when I turned back to him. “What?”
“That’s…genius. I need one.” He held the door open for me. I slid past his dripping chest and stepped under the water. The heat surrounded me, and I groaned. The warm water loosened my tight muscles, and I leaned against the wall, enjoying the feeling. Goddess, I love that view.” I heard a squirting sound and then Rowan’s hands were on my back, slowly working the knots out of my back with soap. I groaned out long and low when he found the last knot.
“Goddess, Rowan, that feels amazing.” I dropped my head to the wall as he worked lower. He took his time, working out every knot and sore muscle I had until I was a puddle.
He stood back up and spun me around. His lips met mine as he picked me up and sank home between my legs. “One more time before we clean up.” His words were murmured against my lips and I was panting before he pressed me against the cool tile. ” Fuck, you are so tight.”
“Oh. Oh goddess.” I wrapped my legs around his back and my arms behind his neck. “Kiss me.” I pressed up to reach his mouth, and he smirked as he leaned down. 
“Yes, mate.” His lips met mine. He kept pumping as he licked the seam of my lips, and I opened. Our tongues tangled as he slowly worked in and out of me. Unlike the burning need and rush of my heat, this was slow, languid even. 
He was making love to me.
I pulled back as I reached the first peak. “I’m cuming.” I squeezed my eyes shut, but he bit my lip. I snapped my eyes open. “Eyes open rabbit. Keep them on me.” He leaned his forehead against mine as he slowly pumped into me. Every slow, deliberate thrust was building me higher, and I could feel his legs starting to tremble.
“Rowan.” I cried out, but kept my eyes on his.
“That’s it, baby. Such a good girl. When you cum again, keep your eyes on mine.” He snagged a quick kiss.
“Cum with me.” I panted as I twirled my fingers in his hair and tugged. “I want you to fill me.” He groaned as he picked up the pace. “I’m going to cum.”
“Not yet.” He panted as he rolled his hips. “Not yet.” He repeated it, over and over.
“Please.” I felt my walls tremble, but I was fighting a losing battle trying to hold back my orgasm. “Rowan please.”
He slammed into me. “Now.” His knot swelled, locking us into place, as my pussy clamped down on him. I screamed as I fell off
###Next D 521
I walked into my father’s office to find him surrounded by the othe alphas. “Daddy?” 
He smiled as he stood. “Baby girl, you ” He stopped dead in his tracks as eyes fell on my neck. 
Rowan came in and my father’s eyes snapped to him. “Gavin,” Rogan started. “1” 
+25 BONUS 
Everyone quieted their conversations, and tuned in to the tension Between the two males currently glaring at each other. “You two mated?” His voice was soft and my father was never quiet, 
I stepped in front of Rowan, and my father’s eyes snapped to me, opened my mouth but Rowan pulled me back against his chest and then stepped in front of me. “Not now Rabbit. This is between your father and me,” Rowan stood straighter. “Yes,” 
There was a soft growl. I leaned around Rowan’s side so I could glare at my dad, “Is this what you want, Amy?” My father’s eyes connected to mine, and I could see he was warring with something 
I nodded. “He’s my second chance mate, daddy,” I turned to look Rowan’s face. “Honestly, I think he was always going to be my mate.” 
My dad seemed to settle with my words. He shook his head and blew out a breath, “You are probably right.” Everyone turned to him in surprise and he smiled. “I may be a stupid alpha, but even can see that is a goddess mate mark. And with what happened the first time around, I can only assume this was all a part of her plan.” He shook his head before he looked back at Rowan, “You are my king, and I respect you. Like you even. But if you hurt her… His eyes hardened, “I will kill you,” everyone gasped. 
“Daddy.” I grabbed for him. “You can’t say that. That’s treason.” was terrified for my father. 
“Deal.” Rowan’s voice was firm, and he stuck out a hand. 
I froze and turned on Rowan. “What did you just say?” 
He grabbed me with his other hand, keeping the first outstretched towards my dad. “I said deal Rabbit. I can understand your dad’s worry. And I will never, ever hurt you again.” He kissed the tip of my nose before turning back to my father. “You can kill me if I hurt her…I’ll even let you.” He grinned as my dad glared at him for a second before he smiled back. 
“Deal.” My dad slapped his hand into Rowans, and they shook on it. 
I tossed my hands in the air. “Men are stupid.” I turned away to the bookshelf and started looking for the picture that Rowan had spotted last night. There it was, up at the top, like he said. I jumped up and grabbed it, hanging off the bookshelf and staring at the picture. I recognized the two in the photo, and I wasn’t sure how. 
“Get down.” Rowan rumbled under me. 
I smirked as I dropped into his arms. “I am a werewolf…like you.” 
He put me down on the ground. “We are lycans, and that doesn’t change the fact that I want you to jump up and dangle off a rickety old shelf.” He shook his head as he looked down at the photo. “Why did you grab it?” 
My dad walked over and plucked the photo from my hand. “Why did you grab this picture?” 
Rowan looked at the photo. “We talked about it last night.” 
I grabbed for the photo, still confused by their faces. “I felt the urge to see it.” I touched the face of my grandmother. “They look so familiar.” 
My dad placed a hand on my shoulder. “Not possible, bug. They were gone before you were alive.” 
I nodded, but I felt the tug in my chest. I recognized them and I needed to find out where. “Can I keep this photo?” I looked up at my dad. 
“I don’t see why not.” He paced away. “But the picture isn’t why you are here. The rogues are starting to move. I sent Cass back this morning. She sent one text before she went silent.” He handed me his phone. 
Chapter 521 
I read the words on the screen and I staggered back a step. 
Cass- Rogue spotted me. Had to rum. Going silent. 
+25 BONUS 
My eyes snapped to my fathers. “She’s been found, right?” I waited for his answer, but none came. “Right?” I turned to look at Ronnie, but he wouldn’t meet my eyes. “How long?” I yelled, as 1t the text to see the time it was delivered. I stumbled back against the bookshelf. “Two hours?” My head snapped to my fathers. “She sent this two hours ago, and you just came for me.” 
towards me, 
but I sprinted from the room. “Amy!” 
“Baby, you have to understand that she was trained for this.” My dad stepped My dad yelled, but I was already out the front door and shifting. 
Erubus was next to me in a second. “We will find her mate.” 
###Next D 522
I ran for what felt like hours until we got close enough to the caves I dropped down to my belly, and Erubus joined me. We inched under the bushes and then I sealed our voices around us. Even if we talked, not one soul could hear us. “Cut off your scent.” I whispered to him, and he licked my face. 
“I already did.” He shook his head and then leaned closer. “Did you use magic to create a bubble around us?” 
I shook my head. “No…well kinda.” He laughed. “I used magic to make sure no one would overhear us.” 
He tilted his head. “Then why are you s 
till whispering?” 
I opened my mouth, but Megan started laughing. “I don’t know.” 
“Someone is coming.” Erubus pushed closer to the cliff, peered under the edge of the bushes, and we waited. We were right over the cliff face that looked down at the cave of the mouth. We could see the overhang, and the rocky terrain heading down towards another thick forest that lead away from the pack lands. If you ran long enough, you would reach human territory. Dangerous for wolves, worse for werewolves. 
(8 
Someone walked out of the cave and was pointing off down the hill “She went that way.” He turned back to the cave entrance. No, I know the witchling went after her, but the tracker doesn’t fucking matter. The brotherhood is expecting us at Vince’s pack by the end of the week.” A few others stepped out of the darkness. Keep moving the explosives. Once the little alpha is mated to the whore, the brotherhood is attacking the capital. There are making their move on the Lycan king.” He pointed to the giant crates stacked in the corners. “Those need to make it to the cars. Carefully.” 
“What happens if the witchling catches the tracker?” One of the others asked. “Can’t we stay here?” 
The first guy seemed to consider it. “I’ll ask, but the chances that no one else knows are slim.” 
Another wiggled a phone in his hand. “We have her phone. The only text she sent was that a rogue spotted her.” 
The first wolf held up his hand and dialed a number. “Yeah, the boys want to know if the witchling catches the tracker, if we can stay in the caves?” He held out his hands to the third, and the other man slid the phone into his hand. “No, she said nothing about the cave. Just that she was spotted by a rogue and she was going silent.” There was another pause. “I don’t know, man. They just want to know.” He sighed. “Okay. Tell the big man it doesn’t matter. Everyone is in place. We are moving the explosives tonight. We will wait here until the mating ceremony. Are you sure the king won’t show up?” 
Erubus looked at me, but I was focused on the group. “Show up for what?” One of the men leaned over to ask the second guy. 
“To the mating ceremony, stupid. Brandon’s mating the whore, and he invited the king, because he thinks he will show up and it will be the easiest way to kill him.” The second guy scoffed. “He’s as stupid as he sounds. He had the strongest she–wolf in his hands and he lost her for the whore.” The guy shook his head. “Pathetic.” 
The others nodded. But the first held up his hands. “No, just the guys talking about everything. Has the king responded to the invitation? I’d rather save the explosives if the idiot is right and we can kill him with silver.” 
A voice rang out from the caves. “Even if he doesn’t show up for the ceremony, won’t the other witch be able to kill him? She said she had him under her spell, didn’t she?” A man stepped out that was missing an arm. 
Erubus tensed. “Holy shit.” 
“What? Who is that?” 
“That man…was the head of the guard when my father was killed. He supposedly lost his life trying to give my father a chance to escape.” He vibrated with anger. 
“Well, I guess we see how they got in that night.” I blew out a breath as I nestled closer to him, trying to soothe him. “Calm yourself. We will make them all pay.” He settled and eventually nodded. 
“Yes, I understand. We will watch for the she–wolf here, and if we can take her, we will.” The first wolf walked back into the cave, with the others trailing behind him. 
1/3 
Chapter 522 
+25 BONUS 
I felt my stomach tighten, but a plan was forming in my mind. But first thing was first. I nodded for Erubus to follow me and then I shuffled away. I had heard everything I needed to. They confirmed that they were working with the brotherhood, which we had already figured, but it was nice to get confirmation from their mouths. 
“Where are we going?” He whispered as we ran away from the caves. 
“Hunting.” 
###Next D 523
I ran for what felt like hours until we got close enough to the caves I dropped down to my belly, and Erubus joined me. We inched under the bushes and then I sealed our voices around us. Even if we talked, not one soul could hear us. “Cut off your scent.” I whispered to him, and he licked my face. 
“I already did.” He shook his head and then leaned closer. “Did you use magic to create a bubble around us?” 
I shook my head. “No…well kinda.” He laughed. “I used magic to make sure no one would overhear us.” 
He tilted his head. “Then why are you s 
till whispering?” 
I opened my mouth, but Megan started laughing. “I don’t know.” 
“Someone is coming.” Erubus pushed closer to the cliff, peered under the edge of the bushes, and we waited. We were right over the cliff face that looked down at the cave of the mouth. We could see the overhang, and the rocky terrain heading down towards another thick forest that lead away from the pack lands. If you ran long enough, you would reach human territory. Dangerous for wolves, worse for werewolves. 
(8 
Someone walked out of the cave and was pointing off down the hill “She went that way.” He turned back to the cave entrance. No, I know the witchling went after her, but the tracker doesn’t fucking matter. The brotherhood is expecting us at Vince’s pack by the end of the week.” A few others stepped out of the darkness. Keep moving the explosives. Once the little alpha is mated to the whore, the brotherhood is attacking the capital. There are making their move on the Lycan king.” He pointed to the giant crates stacked in the corners. “Those need to make it to the cars. Carefully.” 
“What happens if the witchling catches the tracker?” One of the others asked. “Can’t we stay here?” 
The first guy seemed to consider it. “I’ll ask, but the chances that no one else knows are slim.” 
Another wiggled a phone in his hand. “We have her phone. The only text she sent was that a rogue spotted her.” 
The first wolf held up his hand and dialed a number. “Yeah, the boys want to know if the witchling catches the tracker, if we can stay in the caves?” He held out his hands to the third, and the other man slid the phone into his hand. “No, she said nothing about the cave. Just that she was spotted by a rogue and she was going silent.” There was another pause. “I don’t know, man. They just want to know.” He sighed. “Okay. Tell the big man it doesn’t matter. Everyone is in place. We are moving the explosives tonight. We will wait here until the mating ceremony. Are you sure the king won’t show up?” 
Erubus looked at me, but I was focused on the group. “Show up for what?” One of the men leaned over to ask the second guy. 
“To the mating ceremony, stupid. Brandon’s mating the whore, and he invited the king, because he thinks he will show up and it will be the easiest way to kill him.” The second guy scoffed. “He’s as stupid as he sounds. He had the strongest she–wolf in his hands and he lost her for the whore.” The guy shook his head. “Pathetic.” 
The others nodded. But the first held up his hands. “No, just the guys talking about everything. Has the king responded to the invitation? I’d rather save the explosives if the idiot is right and we can kill him with silver.” 
A voice rang out from the caves. “Even if he doesn’t show up for the ceremony, won’t the other witch be able to kill him? She said she had him under her spell, didn’t she?” A man stepped out that was missing an arm. 
Erubus tensed. “Holy shit.” 
“What? Who is that?” 
“That man…was the head of the guard when my father was killed. He supposedly lost his life trying to give my father a chance to escape.” He vibrated with anger. 
“Well, I guess we see how they got in that night.” I blew out a breath as I nestled closer to him, trying to soothe him. “Calm yourself. We will make them all pay.” He settled and eventually nodded. 
“Yes, I understand. We will watch for the she–wolf here, and if we can take her, we will.” The first wolf walked back into the cave, with the others trailing behind him. 
1/3 
Chapter 522 
+25 BONUS 
I felt my stomach tighten, but a plan was forming in my mind. But first thing was first. I nodded for Erubus to follow me and then I shuffled away. I had heard everything I needed to. They confirmed that they were working with the brotherhood, which we had already figured, but it was nice to get confirmation from their mouths. 
“Where are we going?” He whispered as we ran away from the caves. 
“Hunting.” 
###Next D 524
My father already had the pack doctor waiting for us as we ran into her room. “Give her to me.” He held out his arms, and 1 
handed her to him. He placed her down onto her bed and cut away her clothes. 
“What happened?” My father leaned against the wall by the door. Iturned with a growl, and I lunged for him. 
“You did this.” I screamed. I saw in his eyes, as his gaze met my own, that he agreed with me. “She shouldn’t have been out there all alone. And you know it.” 
“This was her job.” He tried to say, but I interrupted him again. 
“That’s bullshit!” I screamed again. “This is Cass, for goddess‘ sake. Don’t tell me whatever bullshit you fucking spout when another pack member is fighting for their life.” 
My dad pushed up from the wall. “I-” But the door pushed open and Greyson walked straight to the bed. 
“Stop it.” His voice was level as he dropped to his knees next to the bed. 
“See, even Greyson doesn’t want to hear your bullshit.” I tossed out, but Greyson looked yup at me. 
“I was talking to you.” The words were like a slap. 
“What?” 
“You are looking at my mate like she is still the weak little friend you had growing up.” He looked down at the woman in the bed. “But she isn’t.” He pushed a strand of hair away. “You gave her the avenue to become stronger, Amy. And she spent the last few years honing it.” He looked back up at me. “When you were fighting for your life, no one questioned you or your duty because you are an alpha. Well, Cass is a Gamma, and she is the best fucking tracker we have ever had. Stop diminishing her.” 
I stumbled back a step. “I wasn’t.” I tried to push back, but she just looked at me with devastation in his eyes. 
“You were. So stop it.” He looked to the doctor, who has finished cutting away her clothes, leaving her in some boy shorts and a sports bra. “How is she?” 
The doctor hesitated as he inserted an IV port into her arm. “The pup obviously returned to the goddess, but something is going on, and I’m trying to figure it out.” He pulled out a vial of blood from the IV and frowned. “Interesting.” 
“What is?” My father pushed up off the wall. 
The doctor turned and handed him the vial. “I had thought with her injuries that she was injected with silver, or wolfsbane. She shows no sign of healing, so I was concerned.” He looked from Cass’s body to the vial. “But…” He trailed off. 
“But what?” Greyson’s voice trembled. 
The doctor pointed to the vial of blood. “If there was silver, or wolfsbane in her blood. We would smell it, but we would also see it. Inside the vial there would be a distinct separation of blood, and the contaminant. But there is nothing.” 
“Then what is going on? She isn’t healing.” My father pointed to the heavily injured Cass. 
The doctor looked slightly uncomfortable. “I don’t know what is going on.” 
“It’s Cass.” My words were a soft whisper in the room, but everyone turned to look at me. 
“What did you just say?” The doctor looked confused. 
“Cass is the reason she isn’t healing.” 
“That doesn’t make sense.” He pointed out. 
But Greyson nodded. “She is right.” 
I nodded. “Cass would have told her wolf to focus on saving the baby. She would have made her promise.” 
1/3 
Chapter 524 
+25 BONUS 
Greyson let a tear slip down his face. “Foolish woman.” He kissed her temple. “Come back to me.” His prayer was soft. 
“Is that possible?” My father stepped closer to the bed and looked down at Cass. 
The doctor seemed to consider it. “While normally, I would say no, this might be an exception.” My dad turned with a confused look on his face. So the doctor continued. “Normally, if a wolf miscarriages, much like a wild wolf, she moves on quickly. She might nest for a bit, or be restless, but the wolf would move on, and try for another, probably starting a new heat within the month. If its an attack like this, the wolf would save the human, and then console her until she was ready for a new heat. But obviously this isn’t happening.” 
“She would have convinced Lily to save our pup.” Greyson’s voice was hallow. “She was so excited when she figured it out, she ran to see Amy to see if she was right.” 
I stepped back into Rowan arms. “She came to me yesterday to hang out.” 
He nodded. “Yeah. She was a little disappointed, but then your dad called for a tracker.” He looked up. “She said she would see you after.” 
“Why did she volunteer if she was pregnant?” My dad asked. 
Greyson smiled as he looked down at his mate. “She said she wanted to finish this, so that we could raise our pup here, at home. Instead of the Agora.” 
Alicia S. Rivers 
###Next D 525
Chapter 525 
But why would it matter?” I cried. “She had so many other ways to help, she didn’t have to do this.” I shook my head. I just didn’t understand. 
Greyson looked up at me with a sad smile. “You know what I heard for the last four years? Every day when Cass was struggling, she would always say that she wanted to be more like you. ‘I have to be like Amy‘.” He shook his head. “I tried to explain that she didn’t have to be like you because I loved her as she was, but she kept saying that she had to be like you because she wanted to be someone that she could look up to. Someone that our pups would look up to and the only person that she ever looked up to you was you.” 
Rowan clutched me tighter to his chest as he felt my body trembling against his. “No.” I fought back against Greyson’s words. ” I’m not someone to look up to.” 
“Come on, Amy. You’re an alpha, you’re an amazing person and have always stuck up for Cass. She absolutely loves you. You’re her best friend. Of course she wanted to be like you. You risk it all for the people you love, right?” I nearly dropped to my knees, but Rowan caught me. Greyson looked at me. “I don’t blame you. I swear to the goddess that I don’t. I know my mate made her own choices and I know that if this happened, it’s the goddess’s path. I’m just devastated that my pup is gone and my mate is in this bed. I know that I have to go out and still fight to keep our home safe.” Greyson stood and he looked at the doctor. “Is she stable?” 
The doctor looked down at Cass and sighed. “She’s showing no signs of fading, so she stable for now. I’m going to monitor her for the rest of the day to ensure she makes it.” 
“What are you thinking? What are you going to do?” I stepped out of Rowan’s arms. Greyson looked back at me and I could see the anger, the hatred burning behind his eyes. 
“I’m going to go kill the person who hurt my mate. I’m going to kill the person who killed my pup.” Another tear trembled at the edge of his lashes. 
“She’s already dead.” A weak voice came from the bed. 
Everyone whirled to see that Cass’s eyes were opened. “What did you just say?” Greyson rushed to the bedside again, dropping to his knees beside it, and slid his hand into hers. “Baby, are you okay?” 
“Our pup?” The words trembled there, like she was standing on the edge of a cliff, and whatever the answ 
save her or push her over the edge. 
s would either 
Greyson swallowed as he looked down at their clutched hands. He shook his head slowly. “Our pup didn’t make it.” 
Cass tried to pull away but Greyson held on strongly. “No.” She fought against his hold, but he still held her. He pushed up from his knees and crawled into the bed, wrapping his arms completely around her body. “No.” The word sounded more like she was choking than an actual thought. “NO!” This time it was like her heart was ripped from her chest and the scream that followed shattered the last bit of hope that everyone was holding, too. 
I went to the other side of the bed, and I reached for my friend, but she pulled away. I looked her in the eyes and I tried to tell her how sorry I was. “Cass.” I tried, but my words failed me. 
“How?” That one word was a whisper that I barely caught. 
“How what?” I asked as my hands dropped into my lap. 
“How did you get past losing your pup?” Her eyes met mine. 
“What?” I reeled back from the question. 
“How did you get past losing your pup?” She repeated the question slower, but it was the desolation in her eyes that sucked me in. “I don’t see how you could get past it. My soul feels like it’s been fractured. My heart feels hallow.” 
There was a silence that enveloped the room. I took in a breath and then answered. “The simple answer is you don’t.” A sob wanted to break from my chest, but I pushed it back down. This was not my time for pain. 
Chapter 525 
+25 BONUS 
“How am I supposed to move on?” I was staring into her eyes, and felt that there was nothing there. 
“You’re not supposed to move on from this. You’ll never get past but it does get easier. It doesn’t happen easily or fast, but each day it gets a little easier to deal. But the years later you’ll be walking down the street and it’ll just hit you all over again and it’ll drop you to your knees.” I swallowed past the lump in my throat “Losing someone you love is the worst possible thing that could happen to you. It breaks something fundamental inside of you. Eventually, you’ll learn to live without it, but that broken piece stays broken.” 
X 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 526
Chapter 526 
Cass nodded once and rolled over away from me. “That’s what I thought.” 
Greyson looked at me, and I could see the pain there. He slipped down and pulled her against his chest. He whimpered as he snuggled her, but she refused to get that close to him. “You have to get cleaned up, baby.” He whispered against her head, but she just shook her head no. 
“As soon as I shower, he will be gone, his scent will be gone, and I can’t face that yet.” I furrowed my brow. Greyson caught it, but just shook his head and mouthed the word ‘later‘. I nodded once and tried to comfort my friend. I patted her back, but she was still rigid. 
“Please, leave.” The words sounded strangled, but she turned over and met Greyson’s eyes. “Can you please leave me alone? I just need space.” Tears were in her eyes, and she seemed a little panicked. 
I smelt his fear before anyone else. “We will leave if you allow me to do one thing?” I leaned over to catch her gaze. 
“What?” 
“Let me command you…” My words were soft, and I trailed off as she shuddered. 
“Why?” Her eyes narrowed, and I could hear the grinding of her teeth. 
“Your mate is worried, and so am I.” I took a breath. “When my pup died, I was happy because I knew I was going to follow him into the abyss. I wanted to.” She closed her eyes and I watched a tear track down her cheek. 
“Don’t ask me to do that, baby.” Greyson’s voice was soft. “Don’t ask me to bury our pup and you. I wouldn’t be able to make it.” He leaned down so his face was against hers. “I’ll leave. If you let an alpha command you not to hurt yourself.” 
She shuddered. “Just that?” He nodded. “Fine. But not Amy. Alpha Gavin can do it.” 
I was a little hurt, but I nodded and got up from the bed as my dad walked over. “Cassie, I command you to not harm yourself while you are alone.” We all felt the command take effect, and my dad stepped back. 
“Now leave me alone.” She was fighting a losing battle against her tears as she curled around her stomach. “It’s okay, baby. Momma loved you so much.” My father nodded towards the door, and everyone filed out, even the doctor. 
“Why did you come out?” I looked at him as he closed the door behind himself. 
“Her wounds were healing as soon as she woke up. Not fast, not by a long shot, but enough that I felt space she requested.” He caught an Omega walking by. “Can you bring me a chair, please?” 
“Of course, doctor.” The Omega ran off, and the doctor turned back to us. 
fortable giving her the 
“I’ll sit out here, in case anything happens, but with her healing coming back, and the command, I think we will be fine.” L nodded once and my dad turned to me. 
“What happened?” He sounded exhausted, and I was still pissed at him, but we had other, bigger issues to worry about. 
Rowan and I told my dad everything that we saw, heard, and found Rowan hesitated for a second when he started at when we found Cass in the clearing. “It looked almost staged.” I looked at him, confused. 
“What?” 
“What do you mean?” Ronnie, pushed up from the railing he was leaning on. 
“The attack, the clearing, it looked almost staged. It was weird. I’m probably overthinking it all, but I don’t know.” 
My dad watched him for a second. “Explain what you mean. Don’t worry about what it sounds like. Just tell us what you remember.” 
Rowan nodded. “I remember when I was a kid, my dad would have young Alpha’s and Beta’s come to the capitol and stage attacks.” He glanced at Ronnie and my father. “You know, the ones I’m talking about.” They both nodded. “It was like that. We 
1/3 
Chapter 526 
+25 BONUS 
entered the clearing, and there was debris everywhere. Tree’s knocked down blood splatter, but it felt…off. Like someone planned it all.” He started to pace. “The other wolf was face down, and too bloody to even recognize, like Cass wanted to disfigure her.” 
Greyson growled. “Are you accusing my mate of something?” 
Rowan raised his hands. “Not at all. I don’t think she was involved in it all.” 
Greyson deflated a little. “What do you mean?” 
“Like someone came in after she was out cold and did stuff to make it look that way?” I offered. 
He nodded. “Yeah…Like that.” 
My dad frowned. “But why would they do that?” 
Ronnie paced. “I feel like we are missing something…” 
My dad looked between me and Rowan. “Did you check the other body?” 
Rowan nodded. “No heartbeat.” 
“Are you sure?” My dad lifted a brow. “Because magic is very useful in hiding things.” 
###Next D 527
I looked down at my hands, still covered in blood. “I didn’t touch the other body. I was focused on Cass.” I looked at Rowan.” Did you?” 
He frowned. “I was going to, but then something happened and I just smelled death, and listened for a heartbeat.” 
“What happened?” My dad prodded. 
“Nothing…” Rowan frowned. 
My dad chuckled. “Something felt off, because something was off. The ‘body‘ was probably Aurora still alive, and using magic to confuse you.” Rowan growled, but my father patted his shoulder. “Don’t get upset. The bitch is good at what she does.” He turned back to his office. “Get cleaned up and come back to my office.” 
“Why?” I called out. I wanted to stay here, just in case Cass changed her mind about wanting someone with her. 
“Because I have an idea. And it might be good enough to stop the war from even happening.” That caught everyone’s attention. “Tell us.” Rowan stepped closer, but my dad waved his hand. 
“I’ll mull it over until you two get cleaned up.” He wrinkled his nose. “You two stink of magic and death, and neither is a good thing right now. You are upsetting the wolves here, and we have enough of that going on already.” He turned and walked away. He looked over his shoulder. “I’ll have food brought up. And a good bottle of whiskey. Go get clean.” His words were command free, but I heard the order for what it was. 
“Fine.” I grabbed Rowan’s hand and turned to Greyson. “If she needs anything, let me know and I will get it for you.” 
He nodded. “Actually…” 
I jumped at the chance. “What?” 
He looked down. “Can you ask if I can be excused from duty? I want to stay with her.” He looked down. “I don’t want to shirk my duties, but my mate needs me.” 
Rowan patted his shoulder. “You don’t even have to ask. We will get it straightened out, but you watch over your mate.” Greyson nodded and turned back to the door. 
We walked back to my room, and unlike this morning’s shower, it was straightforward. “Jump in first. That way, when I’m showering, you can dry your hair.” Rowan kissed my temple as he heated the water. 
“Keep talking like that, and I might just mateor 
life.” I smirked as I slapped his butt, earning achucke. 
“Promise?” He smirked as he pulled back. “Jump in. I want to know your father’s plan.” 
My stomach growled. “And I’m apparently hungry.” I chuckled as stripped down and stepped under the water, Instantly, the water turned dark. I used a couple of rounds of soap until the water was completely clean. “How did I get so dirty?” 
Rowan chuckled. “You carried Cass the entire way…She bled all over you.” 
“Oh.” I stepped out, and he handed me a towel. “Thank you.” 
He smiled and kissed me. “Dry your hair. Then we can go.” 
“Pushy.” I winked as I walked over to the sink and pulled out my hair dryer. “You are lucky you are so cute.” 
He laughed as I dried my hair. He finished his shower quickly. I was about eighty percent done, and just threw my hair up into a bun. “I don’t know why that is so sexy…but it is.” I laughed as I grabbed his hands and pulled him to my closet. 
“I don’t know if I have any clothes that will fit you, but-” I opened my closet, and I quickly realized that my clothes were pushed over, and a new section of men’s clothes was on one side. “Interesting.” I turned and lifted a brow. 
He smiled and blushed. “So I, ugh, inight have told an Omega to move some of my clothes in here.” 
Chapter 527 
+25 BONUS 
“Did you now?” I tilted my head. 
“Yeah…” He looked away and I reached up and kissed his cheek. 
“You are adorable.” I grabbed some clothes and turned back to him 
He grabbed my hand. “I don’t want you to think that I am pushing my way in, I just…” He sighed. “Now that I have you, I don’t want to be away from you.” He looked down, and I could tell he was worried I was going to reject him. 
I cupped his face. “I never want to be without you ever again.” His head snapped up. 
“Really?” 
I snorted. “Yes.” I patted his cheek. “Get dressed.” My stomach growled. “I’m hungry.” 
He chuckled and pulled on some clothes. “Yes, ma’am.” He got dressed and then we left. We walked hand in hand to my father’s office. I expected to see all the alpha’s waiting, but it was only Ronnie and my father waiting for us. 
There were four plates on his desk with the chairs pulled up around it. “Come in.” My father’s voice called out as we reached the door. “We have a lot to talk about.” 
###Next D 528
A few days later… 
I walked through the halls of the pack house, and I smirked behind my mask. This was as gaudy as I thought it was going to be. The colors were white and cream. Who picks those two for mating colors? I snorted as Meg, Shannon’s best friend, came running out of a room in tears. 
“I fucking hate her.” She screamed as she ran away. 
“She seems like a real peach.” A dark whisper came from behind the curtain. I was by. 
“You aren’t supposed to be near me.” I leaned against the wall by the window. 
“I know, but how could I not be?” His voice was soft. I heard the window open. “But someone is coming. I love you.” Then he was gone. 
The lack of guards was laughable. “Do we really need to wear these stupid fucking masks?” Verity’s nasally voice was coming from down the hall. I just walked. She turned the corner with a familiar man, already in a mask. 
“Will you please stop whining for five damn seconds?” The man rubbed his forehead. “We have only been here for an hour and you have already given me a migraine.” 
“Daddy.” She pouted. 
I froze. I was watching his face, his familiar build, his voice. I was shaking my head before I even realized it. He stopped next to me, and I held my breath. He turned to me. “Excuse me?” 
“Yes?” I kept my voice low. 
“Were is this mating ceremony supposed to take place? We are just wandering around here.” He smiled and lifted his mask. Any doubt I had disappeared. 
Verity lifted her mask. “Hello? Omega? We asked you a question.” She growled as she reached out her hand to grab my mask, but I dodged it. 
“I’m sorry, we aren’t supposed to talk to the ranked wolves. Nor are we allowed to remove our masks.” I bowed. “It was a command.” I took a step back. “The main event will be in the clearing outside, with a meal in the main hall to follow. Right now, the men are getting ready in the Alpha’s office, and the women are down the hall to the right.” 
The man watched me. “Do I know you?” 
“I don’t think so, Alpha.” I dipped again. “What’s your name?” 
I panicked for a second. “Clara, Alpha.” 
“Garith.” He smiled as my stomach clenched. “You can call me Garith.” 
I gave him a tight–lipped smile. “Did you need anything else, Alpha…Garith?” 
He chuckled. “No. Continue with your tasks.” I nodded once and started down the hall. 
“Why are you so nice to the Omega’s daddy? They don’t fucking matter.” Verity whined as I slipped around the corner. 
He growled low. “I have told you time and time again. Omegas are the backbone of our packs. They do all the hard tasks that no 
you will one wants to do. And the enjoy it. It calls to their lower nature. If you don’t treat them nicely, they will leave, and then have to lower yourself to get the shit done.” His voice lowered. “You treat the trash like they’re cherished, and they will follow you to their death.” He chuckled lower. “Everyone needs cannon fodder.” 
Verity’s laugh followed. “Understood.” Their voices faded, but I was stuck trembling around the corner. Verity was my…aunt. There was no fucking way. I misheard that somehow. 
“What are you doing?” A sharp voice called out, and I turned to see Meg glaring at me from a chair halfway down the hall in a 
reading nook that the Luna demanded. 
“I was walking, and I rolled my ankle in these heels.” I wiggled the ridiculous high heels that Shannon picked out for the 
waitstaff. 
Meg seemed to falter for a second as she held an ice pack against her own ankle. “Yeah, they are ridiculous.” She sighed as she iced her ankle a little more. “Do you know where the Luna is?” 
I shook my head. “No. I saw her heading downstairs with another Omega. Did you need her?” 
Meg groaned. She looked around and then seemed to decide. “No one will believe an omega, anyway.” I stepped closer with a limp. “She is being such a bitch, and I am at my wit’s end. She wants the Luna to walk with her down the aisle, but the Luna already said no.” I tilted my head as I shuffled closer. “Do you know what she did? She fucking threw a tantrum and pushed me, spraining my ankle. Already knowing my wolf is too weak to heal it before the fucking walk down the aisle.” She growled. 
“What do you need me to do?” 
She leveled me with a look. “Find the Luna and convince her to walk Shannon down the fucking aisle.” She pushed her tiny bit of power into her next words. “Convince the Luna or kill yourself. 
This fucking bitch. 
###Next D 529
Chapter 529 
I forced myself to shiver as the command barely touched my toes. She snarled at me as I stood rooted in my spot. “Didn’t you hear me, Omega?” She pushed herself up off the chair and growled. She was pulling her strength to her as she hobbled up to me. “Go find the Luna and convince her to walk Shannon down the aisle, or kill yourself. There is no in between.” I heard Nix and Megan growl, but I held it all in. 
“Yes, Meg.” I bowed, even though she wasn’t rankled because Shannon demanded it of the omegas. I turned and left her there, on her bad leg, and stumbled towards the stairs. Még snickered, but she missed the smirk I had on my face as I hit the landing. These people were too easy to fool. This stupid mask, and a fake scent, and they forget what you look like. 
It’s because they never thought to actually look at people they think are below them. Even if they are looking at your face, you are an omega, below them in every way. Nix snorted. 
They never understood the truth here. Megan shifted next to Nix. They believe whatever Vince and Brandon told them, no matter how stupid. 
I snorted as I turned the corner of the bottom floor and I went searching. I made my way down the omega wing of the house, with a sneaking suspicion I would find the pair down here. I wasn’t lying when I said I saw the luna coming down here with an omega. I just was smart enough not to tell anyone that she snuck down here with her rumored lover for a quicky while her son and mate were otherwise occupied. 
“Yes, goddess, yes. Fuck me Tomlin. Goddess, your cock is perfection.” I slapped my hand over my mouth as her ridiculous moans were heard down the hall. 
I don’t sound like that, do I? 
Nix and Megan both howled. Worried Amy? Nix mocking was first 
Fuck me, Rowan, fill me. Megan’s came next. 
“Yes, pound this luna pussy.” There was another scream from down the hall and we all froze. 
“Luna pussy?” I whispered and my wolves lost it. 
Okay. I will give you this. Nix snorted. You would never say something that ridiculous. 
I assumed no one ever would. Megan cackled. Luna, pussy? Like it’s some magical treat, or achievement. 
I snorted. “In this pack, it’s probably seen as one.” I shook my head as I made the rest of the way down the hall. I paused at the door, and I 2waited for the couple to finish. I was not busting in on the two. I shivered at the thought. Gross. 
I heard what sounded like a grunt and release, and then there were a few soft murmurs. That sounds like a good cue. Megan prodded me. 
I grimaced as I turned the handle to find it locked. A quick whispered spell had the lock turning, and then I pushed in. 
“What the fuck!” The luna turned, half clothed, while the omega froze in fear with his pants half on. “Get the fuck out of here.” She screamed when she realized I was dressed as another omega. 
I smiled as I stepped fully into the room and shut the door behind me. “I think not.” I surveyed the pair. The luna was in a slip. The white material was a sharp contrast to her dusky skin color. Her black hair was styled in a messy bun. Even a little sweaty, she looked very put together. 
“I said get out.” She tried to put a little command into her words, but she had none. Not even a tiny bit. 
The poor omega was standing in his boxers, with one leg in his pants. “Finish getting dressed. I don’t want to look at this anymore than I have to.” I looked up to the ceiling while the two finished getting dressed. 
“Who the fuck are you?” Her voice was confused as she looked at me. 
“She isn’t an omega…I can tell you that.” The man whispered yelled at her. “So maybe, don’t antagonize her.” He hissed. The 
1/3 
Chapter 529 
+25 BONUS 
luna went to take a swipe at the man, but I stepped closer, head sti focused on the ceiling.. 
“Are you both dressed?” I waited until they both said yes before I leveled her with a smile. “No. I’m not an omega. But that doesn’t matter.” 
She leveled me with a look. “What do you mean, you aren’t an omega? You are dressed like one.” She scoffed. “Why doesn’t it matter, anyway? I’m the fucking luna.” 
The omega moved over behind the luna. He sensed the danger that was in front of him. “How about we don’t antagonize the woman that is blocking our exit?” 
“He’s a smart man.” I grinned, and I pulled the mask off. 
###Next D 530
The omega stepped back against the far wall. “Don’t hurt me.” 
+25 BONUS 
I tilted my head. “Have I ever given you the idea that I would hurt you Bernard?” He shook his head. “And I wouldn’t start now. I’m not even here for you.” I turned my focus on to the luna. “I came here for you.” 
She stepped back. “What do you want from me?” 
I smiled wide and allowed my fangs to descend with a snap. “It’s honestly just a simple request. It won’t hurt you and anyone else. I can promise you that.” 
She was already shaking her head. “I don’t think so.” 
I laughed then. “Oh, silly.” I stepped forward. “I didn’t say I was giving you an option, did I?” The omega whimpered, but I just released my aura. This would be simple. The two dropped to the ground in a second, both whimpering as they pressed against 
the floor. 
“Please.” Bernard whispered, but I ignored him. 
“Luna Brittney, I command you to walk Shannon down the aisle, and do anything she asks for her mating ceremony that doesn’t put you in harm’s way. Or give her any power over your position.” 
The Luna shivered of a second as the command took effect. She looked up at me with glazed over eyes. “Yes Alpha.” 
I pushed more power into the next command. “You both will forget I was here, and if you see me again, you will both see me as another omega. Is that clear?” 
“Yes Alpha.” They both replied from the ground. I took my times putting my mask back on and then I slipped from the room and went into the next room, shutting the door behind me. I pressed my ear against the door, waiting for the two to snap back to 
themselves. 
“You were as fantastic as always Bernard.” I heard a kiss from next door. “And if you tell anyone this happened…” 
“You will make sure I am killed.” He replied, a smile clear in his voice. 
They have weird foreplay. Megan grunted as she shook her head. Nix laughed. 
I ignored my wolves as I waited for the door to open. “Where are you going? Brittney hissed. 
“I need to get back to my post before the ceremony starts.” The door shut again. 
“Well, you have to wait here until I am back upstairs. I’ll pretend I changed my mind and go walk the fucking bitch down the aisle.” She groaned. “I don’t want to, but Vince is becoming more interested in my activities.” There was another kissing sound. “Wait here for a few minutes. Then go back to the ceremony space. 
“Fine, but hurry,” Bernard whined. The door opened, and I heard the confidant steps of the Luna fading away. A few minutes later, Bernard slipped away. 
I’slipped out after he did and made my way back upstairs. Might as well take the time to see what I can figure out before the ceremony. I slipped closer to the bridal sweet, and I heard Shannon crying. “You will?” 
“Of course, sweetheart. You are mating my son. I said no before because I thought I had to help Vince with other duties. As you know, as the luna, my duties to the pack come first over what I want.” 
“Of course. I can’t wait to learn from you.” Shannon’s whiny voice she used to suck up to higher ranked wolves was still annoying. 
I stepped away from the door. Nothing of importance there. I drifted towards the other side of the house, and Vince’s office. I muffled my steps, hiding the scent around my body when I was sure no one was around. I found a dark corner next to the office door, behind a pillar, and some giant plant that Brittney brought in for a pop of color I used a soft spell to wrap darkness around me, making the corner a little darker, and hiding myself in plain sight. 
13 
Chapter 530 
+25 BONUS 
“I don’t want to do this,” Brandon whined. 
“Well, you don’t have a fucking choice. You and Shannon planned his gaudy fucking masquerade so that you could fool around in front of Amy during your mating ceremony. Well now, you’re stuck with it.” Vince’s voice was harsh. 
“Hey.” Morgan whined a little, but Brandon groaned. 
“No offence, Morgan, but I don’t want to mate Shannon. She’s awesome, but she isn’t luna material.” 
“Well, that’s too fucking bad.” A dark voice called from within the room. “You and the mutt ruined one of the brotherhood’s longest running plan. You had won her over, and if you could have kept it in your pants for one more god damn year, you would have done it. You could have syphoned the power from the strongest wolf ever recorded. And now you’re stuck mating a whore.” 
“But.” Brandon tried, but there was a huge growl. 
“I don’t fucking care. You fucked up. This is your fucking penance. This or death, your fucking choice.” 
###Next D 531
There was silence in the office. Then Vince spoke up. “Garith, I don’t think that is really necessary.” He tried to push back, but Garith was having none of it. 
“Pick boy.” There was an edge to his voice. 
“I would listen to my father, Brandon. It’s not the end of the world nating the girl, is it?‘ She sighed. “I mean, look at your father. He still has his fun.” There was a pause. “Matings don’t have to be this sacred thing that some people make it out to be. Sometimes it’s just a way to leverage your position.” 
“Leverage my position?” 
Verity murmured an agreement. “Yeah. You use this one to entice others. When they see your bond isn’t something held in reverence that others are, it will give the stupid ones the idea that they could win you over, and they can become luna.” She laughed. “But keeping this one around might be better than you think.” 
“How is that even possible?” Brandon sounded like a whiny toddler. I sneered where I stood. 
“She is ambitious. But also dumb. She will do whatever she can to keep her spot as luna.” 
Brandon was quiet for a moment. “Like my mother.” 
Vince laughed this time. “Exactly. She has her uses. And she looks the other was instead of getting angry about the other women.” 
I could hear Brandon’s tiny brain ticking away from here. I just shook my head. I wasn’t learning anything here, and I went to move on, but there I head Rowan’s name. 
“Did Rowan actually send a response to the invite?” Garith growled out. 
Verity sighed. “He isn’t going to actually show up.” She moved across th4e room, her voice fading away as she moved. “Believe me, he has been locked up in his office, knee deep in reports of the rogues and their attacks. He’s trying to map out their plan.” SHe laughed. 
“I don’t know why you think that’s so funny.” Morgan sounded aggravated. He probably didn’t like how Verity was talking about Shannon. “If he figures out that every attack happens to a pack that lives by the caves, then we are fucked.” 
Verity laughed again. “Who would think that all those caves are connected?” 
The caves… 
Holy fucking shit. 
I pulled out my phone out and sent a quick text to my father. ‘Dead caves are connected to others. Any pack that was attacked, there should be a cave close by. Be careful when you go in.‘ 
Three dots popped up, with the soft sound the accompanied the dance and I waited for his response. But I heard someone in the office shush the room. “What was that?” 
I silenced my phone and cursed myself for making such a stupid mistake. I stuffed my phone into my pocket as the door slammed open, and everyone rushed out. The five of them searched the hallway and back, but Brandon sniffed. “I don’t smell anyone out here.” 
“Can someone hide their scent with magic?” Vince turned to Verity. 
She shook her head. “I’ve tried, and I wasn’t able to change my scent at all. My sisters learned to change their scent, but neither was good at it. It is possible to alter a scent, but not remove it completely.” 
Brandon just shook his head. “Maybe you heard something from farther away than you thought.” 
Garith growled. Verity walked over and laid her hand on his arm. “Can you scent someone?” 
1/3 
Chapter 531 
+25 BONUS 
He looked down at her and I watched the hatred behind his eyes flare. This man has hated both of his children. But the emotion was gone in a flash, and he considered her words. “No. No, I don’t smell anyone near here. Do you sense anyone close using magic?” 
Verity closed her eyes and I could feel her magic prodding against the shield. But I used my own to project the image of the wall behind me to her. Hopefully, if it worked, she would only see the solid wall behind me, and not that I hid in the shadows. I held my breath as I waited for her to make her declaration. She forced more power into the probing, making sure they were alone before her eyes opened. 
“There’s no one around.” I breathed slowly out and closed my eyes in relief. 
Nix snorted. She couldn’t feel us. You would think that her power would recognize ours. 
Thankfully. Megan bumped into Nix. It’s a good thing that she isn’t strong enough to find us. I agreed silently as my eyes tracked everyone there. But my eyes kept jumping back to Verity and Garith. I kept searching their faces and matching similar facial features to my father. To my own. I shivered when I realized that Verity and I shared the same nose. I had Garith’s lips. Luna Brittney came around the corner. “The ceremony is in five minutes. You all have to get to you spots.‘ Brandon turned to Vince. “I don’t want to do this.” 
Vince opened his mouth but Garith stepped up to Brandon and clapped him on his shoulder. “You either do this…or I kill you for ruining the brotherhood’s plans and your parents have another pup to start over.“
###Next D 532
I grabbed a tray of champagne flutes and I stood at the end of the walkway, allowing guests to grab a drink before they found their seats. Brandon was reluctantly standing at the end of the path next to a priestess. Derek stood beside him, and I watched as he leaned over to whisper something in Brandon’s ear. 
Another omega walked over to take my now empty tray and to hand me a full one. “Are you okay here?” Her voice was soft, but I could hear the tremble in it. 
I caught her eye, and I lifted a brow. She must have caught the tiny flick of my brow because her lips curved up for a second. “I’m fine here. Thank you.” I answered as I took the full tray in my hands. 
I stood there for a few more minutes as the last wave of guests filtered in. Garith and Verity grabbed a flute from me, and barely even looked at me, which I was grateful for but not surprised. He says omegas are the backbone, but they aren’t important enough to even look at. I smirked as they turned away. 
“Have you heard anything from the King?” Garith whispered to Verity as they took seats in the back. 
“No. Bit like I said, there is no fucking way he would show up to this.” She looked over at the crowd and lifted her lip. “It’s beneath him.” She looked at Garith. “It’s beneath us. Why are we even here?” 
“We need to keep Vince happy…for now.” 
“Why?” She sighed as she sat back and I heard her cast a bubble around them and their voices were gone. I cast a counterspell that allowed me to listen in, and I focused on keeping my face flat as I held the drinks. “He failed to syphon the children for fuck sakes dad, he is a waste of space.” 
Garith turned to her. “You were a part of that plan, Verity. If he failed, it is because you failed. And I don’t think you want me to really tally up every time you have failed me these last few years.” 
Verity looked wounded. “But-” 
“But nothing. You were an accident borne from a fling with that whore of a mother you had. When you found me and I realized you were my child, I took you in because I had a use for you. But every fucking turn, you have disappointed me.” He shook his head. I heard a rush of excitement ripple through the crowd. The unsuspecting members of the audience from this pack, and surrounding packs, all grew excited. Garith furrowed his forehead, the mask obscuring half of his face, but the confusion was still clear. He turned to Verity, waiting for an answer, but she just shook her head. 
She opened her mouth, but before she could an Omega ran to the end of the aisle. “Please stand and bow to his Majesty, King Rowan Lukos.” 
A hush fell over the crowd as Rowan stepped up to the end and held out a hand for a mask. His dark hair was ruffled in a way that had both of my wolves rumbling, and I had to fight to keep it inside. His shirt was partially open for everyone to see the mating mark on his neck, and there was another gasp that went through the crowd. 
“The king has found his mate.” Someone whispered and there was a squeal. “I wonder who she is.” There w And what is happening to his fiancee?” Rowan smirked as he heard the whispers, but he just slipped the ma his shirt, exposing the mating mark even more. 
another pause. on and adjusted 
” 
Our mate is perfect. Nix sighed as she settled against our barrier. I felt my eyes flash, and Rowan must have caught it because his smile grew wider. Then he glanced around the hall, quickly meeting my eyes, and then strutted down the aisle to a seat in the very front. 
Brandon preened in the front, obviously extremely proud that the King took time to come to his mating ceremony, but as his eyes landed on his father, there was a flash of triumph. Vince looked back at an omega and nodded once. The omega came over to me and grabbed a flute of champagne, and I watched as she dumped something silver into the glass. I whispered a soft spell. Iti shoner tugu sinti floura notka.” I watched as the silver particles flashed bright white, eliminating the effects of the toxin. Thankfully, from a distance, it just looked like a rush of bubbles. The omega hurried up the aisle and handed Rowan the glass of champaign and he took a sip. 
Garith turned a full glare toward Verity. “I thought you said he would fucking show up. Are you really this fucking useless, that 
” 
1/3 
Chapter 532 
+25 BONUS 
BRANDON outsmarted you?” Verity’s mouth wagged in the air as she tried to figure out what to say. “And who the fuck did Rowan mate?” 
###Next D 533
Chapter 533 
Verity froze for a second as if her brain were processing what Garith had just said. “What did you just say?” 
Garith leaned in. “I asked you, who the fuck is Rowan mated to? Did you not notice the blazing mate mark on his neck that he did everything in his fucking power to show OFF!” He screamed the last word. 
Verity shrank back from his anger. “I didn’t see. I was too surprised he showed up.” 
Garith leaned in. “Well, since you are his fucking fiancée, I would go find out who fucking took your spot,” he growled as he grabbed her arms and pulled her over his lap and forced her out into the aisle. “Now.” 
I whispered another spell to listen to the conversation that was about to happen in the front row. I also pulled my phone out discreetly and sent a quick message. “They put some silver in your drink. I neutralized it, but act accordingly when it’s time.‘ I stuffed my phone back into my pocket as Garith looked over his shoulder at me. I straightened my spine and readjusted the tray so it looked like I was struggling a little with it. 
“Hey handsome.” I heard Verity whisper as she slid into a seat next to Rowan. She leaned in to kiss him, and I had to hold back my two wolves as a vicious snarl ripped through my mind. 
“Don’t touch me.” Rowan’s words had her freezing before she was close enough to touch him. 
“What are you talking about?” She played dumb. “I’m your mate. 
Awarning rumble came from the front row, and I had to fight the smirk that wanted to dance on my lips. Smart man. Nix settled when she heard his warning. 
Rowan turned his head slowly, pulling his shirt collar all the way off his mark, and even from back here I could see the burning white–blue of his eyes. “Do not insult my mate with your lies. You are not one to me except a mistake.” 
Brandon and Derek looked at each other and smirked, enjoying the show from their vantage point. 
Verity did her best to look wounded. She sat back with a cry and pointed at his neck. “You chose a mate?” Her words got a little louder, pulling the attention of the crowd. 
Rowan rolled his eyes, and his fangs descended with a snap. “Are you stupid? Or are you just trying to dig up drama?” He turned to look at her with a wide smile. “Anyone can see that this mark is a goddess–given mate mark. I found my destined mate, not something the council forced me into.” 
Verity’s hand flew to her mouth. “You found your goddess–given mate?” She looked around. “I thought Lycans only mated Lycans.” She glared at Rowan, and my wolves padded closer to the wall between us. 
Kill her. Nix’s voice was low. 
Megan settled against the barrier. Or I will. 
I sent calming thoughts to my wolves before they ripped out of me and settled this on their own. But it wasn’t working, and I felt a ripple of fur dance down my arms. Rowan looked back and must have caught something in my look or my body because between breaths, Erubus came running from the trees in my mind. 
Nix and Megan both leapt up to meet him. Calm down, mates. His Moice was full of laughter as he rubbed both of them. You are struggling because the she–wolf is near me? 
Nix growled low. I don’t like it. 
Megan snapped his jaws and flashed her fangs. She almost touched you. 
Erubus nudged his nose against Nix’s neck and breathed in her scent. I love you, my queens. He turned to Megan. And you, little one, surprise me. Vicious little wolf. He licked her snout before he licked Nix’s. Stop making it difficult for Amy. You and I both know she would never stand by and allow anyone to disrespect our bond. 
Nix looked back and forth between him and me, and then nodded, Fine. Go back to your human. 
Chapter 533 
And make sure the whore doesn’t touch you. Or else. Megan growled low, earning another chuckle. 
Erubus turned to face her. Keep threatening me, mate, and I might just take you up on the offer. He snapped his teeth next to her neck. A little pain won’t hurt either of us. He ran off, leaving Megan a little wide–eyed. 
I laughed in her face. Why are you surprised by that? 
I don’t know; it was just unexpected. She shook herself as I turned back to the scene at the front. Vince had walked over and joined the conversation. 
“My king, I am so happy to have you join us for my son’s mating ceremony.” Vince shook his hand, and I could see the blazing rune on his forearm. 
Son of a bitch. 
###Next D 534
Chapter 534 
My mind rushed through all the runes I could remember. I could only see a little of the run on Vince’s arm, but it was distinct enough that I should be able to narrow it down. The rune on Vince’s looked to be circular at the very bottom, but there was a clef at the bottom that reminded me of a sickle. 
and 
A pit opened up in my stomach as my mind whirled. What could it be? I closed my eyes so I could focus on the shape I saw, match it to a rune. But I…couldn’t. I felt sweat bead on my forehead as a tremble started in my hands. My eyes kept jumping back. and forth as my mind raced through all the runes. Something felt off, so I snapped my eyes open and looked at Rowan. He was mid–conversation with Vince. I had lost the connection to my spell when my panic spiralled, so I couldn’t hear what they were saying any longer. I stepped forward, but something held me back 
“Calm yourself, little one.” A soft voice whispered into my ear. “Don’t speak. No one else can hear me. You are panicking because you are worried about your mate. I understand. But in rushing through your runes, you are bound to make mistakes. Rushing through your magic, or allowing your panic to make you forget about your magic could kill you.” My grandmother placed her hand on my arm. “Settle yourself. Let your inner self slow. Take a few deep breaths.” She paused as I did. “Good. Now try again. Start at the beginning. Which rune has what you are looking for?” 
I looked towards her, but there was no one there. I snapped a sound bubble in place so I could speak to her. “I don’t know.” 
“Yes, you do.” Her soft voice reached me past the panic, and my mind slowed down. “That’s it, my girl. Calm your thoughts. Sift through the options. What rune could it be?” 
The options flashed through my mind. Strength made no sense, and it was missing the bottom curve. Poison might be closer to their intention, but there was no cross to be seen. The death rune made sense, and it had the sickle part, but again there was no rounded bottom. “Grandma, I can’t find it.” I turned to Rowan, and I watched as he tried to pull his hand back from Vince, but he held his hand in place. “Why won’t he let Rowan’s hand go?” 
“Runes need time to snap into place. He is trying to ensure his intent is burned into your mate’s skin. But that doesn’t matter. What matters is his actual intent. What is he trying to do?” Her voice was still soft, but there was a little urgency buried under her words. 
Instead of panicking, I took another deep breath as my mind continued to flip through the rest of the runes. Finally, when my stomach rolled, I felt something click into place. Subdue. “The rune is subdue.” 
My grandmother’s voice was closer. “And why would Vince want to subdue Rowan?” 
“I don’t know.” She made a noise, and I knew she was looking at me as if I were being stupid. 
“Come now, girlie. Lycan’s are a different breed compared to a wolf. They are more resilient against poisons, like wolfsbane. But more susceptible to silver. They have made the first move by choosing silver. That means they know more than they should. Lycans never shared what worked against them.” She moved closer to me. “Silver will weaken a Lycan, depending on the amount. It can affect a lot of things, maybe even kill them if the amount is large enough. But there is one thing it could never stop. Unlike wolves, Lycans always retain their ability to do what? Think back to our book and what I had written on the page.” 
I flashed back to the Lycan page. I remember the half–human, half–wolf form, and I focused on the words scribbled around the drawing. “His shifting.” My head snapped over to Rowan, and everything clicked into place. “Vince poisoned him with silver to weaken him, and he is trying to use runes to stop his shifting so that when they attack him…he will be easier to kill.” 
“Exactly.” She sighed. “Now. How do you protect your mate while still sticking to the plan?” She sounded like a proud parent when their kid finally solved the issue. 
“Remove the rune and break the bond, like I did with the others… 
“Or?” 
“Or what? That’s the only way I know how to break a rune.” 
“There is another way. It’s more dangerous. And it takes more power. The gamble of it all is that you are gambling that you are the stronger witch.” I felt her hand squeeze my arm. “Tell me, my love…are you the stronger witch?” 
###Next D 535
Am I the stronger witch? I turned again to look at her face, even knowing she wasn’t there. I felt her hand disappear from my arm; I knew in my mind she had left me alone to figure out my next move. But her words kept bouncing around in my mind. Am I the stronger witch? Wolf, yes, a hundred times over. I knew that without a doubt. But I had never actually put my power against someone else’s. Not like this. 
I had broken runes and charms, even unraveled a love spell. But I had never fought against anyone. Never measured my power against another’s. Whoever put the rune on Vince, whatever power he was tapping into, could be stronger than I am. 
Nix snorted. You are overthinking it again. 
Megan sighed. I agree with Nix on this one. 
I’m not wrong, though. I dropped the sound bubble and redid the spell to listen in on Vince, Verity and Rowan. I have never fought with my power being the main attack. What if I fail? 
Then we all die; Rowan dies, we die. Nix looked up at me. And we leave our mother to raise Carly in the cabin. 
And hopefully… Megan pressed against the barrier. She didn’t fail in her goddess–given task like we did. 
You guys aren’t helping. I looked around. I don’t know what to do. 
Nix seemed to shrug. You save our mate, or we all die. It seems pretty straightforward here, babe. Megan snorted. 
“I can’t believe you would do this to me,” Verity shrieked, and I turned like everyone else to watch her meltdown. 
Vince’s hand tightened on Rowan’s as he turned. So it was this awkward half turn, making Rowan look between Vince, Verity and their hands. I pulled out my phone and sent another text. ‘Vince is trying to brand you with a rune. Make him let go of your 
hand. Now.‘ 
I heard the chirp of Rowan’s phone, and he pulled back his hand, or tried to, from Vince. “Let go.” 
“My King.” Vince started but Rowan pulled his hand back again, causing him to stumble into the pew. Despite that, he refused 
to let go. 
Go Nix. I called out to her, sending her down our bond. I’m so stupid. I should have just sent it earlier. I shook my head as I adjusted the tray again. I wanted to throw it at Vince and had to hold myself back. 
I watched Rowan’s back go rigid, and then his power slammed out of him, making everyone near him drop to the ground. This gave me the perfect opportunity. I dropped to the ground, along with the rest of the omegas, tray falling to the ground with me. Champagne went everywhere. I laid in the glass trembling. “Let go of me right now, Vince.” The command was so strong that a 
few wolves cried out. 
I turned, but since I was on the ground, I couldn’t see anything. “My king. I don’t understand why you are doing this display at my son’s mating ceremony.” Vince’s voice was trembling. But still held an edge of hatred, barely concealed. 
Rowan pulled back his aura, and everyone picked themselves off the floor. The few omegas stood on shaky legs, but one gasped and rushed to my side. “Are you okay?” She whispered. 
Everyone turned to see me soaking wet, and surrounded by glass. “I’m fine.” I stood, making my legs shake. “I’ll go get changed and come back with a new tray.” 
Rowan’s eyes were a little tight, and he turned to Vince. “You refused to let go of my hand. You forced me to command you to release me and caused your own omega harm. If I didn’t know better, I would feel like you were trying to challenge me.” He stepped closer to Vince. “But that can’t possibly be the case…can it Vince?” There was a soft growl in his words. 
The omega rushed me away from the guests, and just as we stepped in, Shannon and her procession had reached the landing. Why are you a wet rat?” Her words had us freezing. 
CE 
I bowed low, and I heard her approving murmur. Megan pushed forward and took over speaking. Thankfully, Shannon had never heard Megan speak. “I’m sorry, Luna, apparently.” I stayed low. “The Alpha and the King seemed to be in a disagreement. 
1/3 
And the king used his aura over the crowd. All omegas dropped to the ground. I was carrying a tray of champagne.” 
The other omega stepped up and bowed. “We are cleaning the mess, I’m taking her to change, and then once everything is reset I will come and let you know so you can start the ceremony.” She grabbed me and pulled me up, rushing off. 
The luna cursed. “He fucking fought with the king?” 
The last thing I heard was a soft chuckle. “The king came to my mating ceremony.” Shannon was as stupid as ever. 
###Next D 536
Chapter 536 
We got into the omega wing, and the other omega, Leanne, pushed me to shower in her room. She pushed me into her washroom and told me to strip. “They will be pissed if they smell champagne on you.” I took off my mask, and her mouth dropped open. “I knew it.” She whispered as she tossed me a towel “Well, hurry!” Her eyes danced down my neck. “Your mate seems to be in a pickle, Alpha Amy.” I stripped and showered as fast as I could. I got dressed as Leanne managed to throw my curling hair into a messy braid. “That will have to do.” She looked at my face. “I want to ask you how you have made it this far without someone noticing you, but I already know. None of the ranked wolves in this pack look at our faces. Not even when they use our bodies.” She glared over my shoulder. Then, her eyes snapped to my face. “Except for you.” 
“Leanne.” I raised a hand to her shoulder, and she tried not to flinch away. “Once this is all over, you will be free of this place. I promise you that.” She nodded once. Then she grabbed my mask and tied it behind my head. 
“We have to go before Shannon starts to yell.” I nodded as we rushed out another door, skipping past the group of women, and straight back to the hall erected outside. The glass and everything was cleaned. Rowan was still glaring at Vince, who was still on the ground. 
“My king.” Brandon stepped forward. “The omegas have reset everything, and we are ready to proceed.” Rowan growled. 
He turned on Brandon, but he caught my eye and seemed to stumble as he shifted. Brandon and Vince glanced at each other, and Vince failed to hide his smirk. “Please, my king. I apologize once again for stepping out of line.” Vince forced a fake tremble into his voice. “I was excited for your appearance at my son’s mating ceremony, as I know this is far below your regular duties.” 
Vince waved for another drink. 
Rowan shook his head as if to clear it, and the same omega grabbed another glass of champagne and dumped more silver into it. I walked close enough to see it at the last second and whispered the spell to neutralize the silver once again right before Rowan drank it. He waved his hand as he plodded back to his seat. 
“It’s fine.” Rowan slurred his words a tiny bit. Then he turned to Verity. “I found my true mate, so any status you had before is 
null and void. Now leave me be. I came here to watch the mating ceremony because Brandon had a hand in giving me the best gift I have ever been given, and I wanted to thank you personally.” Brandon’s face shifted into confusion as he looked at Vince. But they both shrugged. Verity stood. 
“You can’t do this to me!” She stomped her foot. 
Rowan just glared at her. “I can. I have. And I would do it again in a heartbeat. The ONLY reason you were ever my fiancée was because the council forced me into it anyway. We both know it. But even they can’t fight against the goddess. Now leave.” He turned to Brandon with a sloppy smile and a wave. “Start your ceremony. I don’t have all day.” 
Brandon looked to his dad, who nodded and stood, dusting off his jacket. “Let’s begin.” 
Leanne nodded and ran from the room to inform Shannon it was time. She came back within a minute, nodding to someone else. Music started, and then the girls started down the aisle. It was this weird march I had seen a million times on T.V. Human 
weddings were like this. It was weird for a wolf ceremony. 
The song changed, and Luna, Brittany, and Shannon stepped to the end of the aisle. Their masks obscured their faces, but you could tell Brittney didn’t want to be there. And Shannon looked triumphant. 
She’s still fucking dumb. Nix laughed. She looks as though she has won the prize. 
And the only thing she won is a cheating mate who never wanted to mate her. Just wanted to use her and keep her in the background while he mated someone stronger. 
Shannon walked past me, and her eyes connected with mine. She seemed to stumble for a second, and her mouth opened. I knew she was going to say my name. But Brittney tugged her along “Eyes up front. Unless you want to stop this?” Brittney’s words were a soft whisper, but it did the job. Shannon looked back to the front, completely forgetting I was there, and focused 
on her soon to be mate. 
66 
Brandon looked at Shannon as if he was dying inside. His face, once smiling whenever he looked at her, was set in deep lines. There wasn’t even an ounce of love in his eyes. I watched him turn to Derek, and whisper loud enough for everyone to hear. This is a mistake.” 
###Next D 537
Chapter 537 
The entire audience froze as his words echoed through the space. ne’s smile tightened at he looked around the mum Shannon, and this is the only time I would ever feel bad for her, stumbled another step and Brittney giggled next to her Brandon turned back to Shannon, realizing he wasn’t as quiet as thought he was. He had the decency to look a Burle embarrassed. But he stepped forward and held out his hand for her and she plastered a smile onto her fare and stepped toward 
him 
Brandon wrapped his fingers around hers and pulled her to his side A quick whispered spell let me hear the rushed conversation. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for everyone to hear that He smiled down at her. “I’m just nervous.” He lied straight through his teeth, but I could see that Shannon was eating it up. “You know how I feel about you, right, baby?” 
“It’s okay.” She trembled as she stepped closer to him. “I understand. Of course, I know how you feel about me. You picked me over Amy.” I watched his face tighten with her words, but she missed it. She batted her eyes up at him. “I can’t wait to be your mate.” 
Rowan, the shit stiger he is, leaned over to a wolf beside him. “I thought Brandon was mating the alpha female from this pack. Amy…” He furrowed us brows and turned back to the front, watching his comment hit home. Brandon’s spine straightened as he turned to look at Rowan. And Shannon growled low in her throat 
“No, my king.” Shannon turned and fought her anger as she addressed him. “Brandon chose me.” 
Rowan stood and walked over, sniffing as he went. He raised his eyebrow and turned back to his seat. “Brandon. I’m surprised. But true love conquers all, I guess.” 
“What do you mean?” Brandon snapped his attention to the king. Even from back here, I could see him swallow his anger facing the bigger male. 
Rowan smiled lazily. “I mean, come on…no offense to your chosen mate, but let’s be honesty here.” He turned to look Shannon up and down. “You seem like a really nice girl.” He took a step and seemed like he lost his balance for a second. He waved his arms in a circle trying to catch himself. “But it’s Amy.” He said it so matter–of–factly, I had to turn my face away so no one could see my smile. 
“What the hell does that mean?” Shannon turned to face the king. 
Rowan lifted an eyebrow. “I mean no offense.” He raised his hands and smiled again. 
Shannon’s eyes turned to slits. “Then explain what you meant.” 
Rowan chuckled softly. “You are playing with fire, little girl.” 
Brandon wrapped his arm around Shannon. “I would also like to know what you meant, my king.” 
Rowan turned to the crowd and smiled a little too wide. “I apologize to everyone here. I’m not myself, as I am still riding high on my mating.” He turned back to the couple. “So please forgive me. I will keep my mouth shut.” 
Shannon stepped out of Brandon’s arms. “Please. My king. Explain what you meant.” Shannon tried to grab him, but he let out a low rumble. 
“Don’t touch me.” He growled out, and I saw his eyes flash. He stepped back and then shook his head again to clear it. “I’m sorry. My wolf doesn’t like it when another female gets too close. He likes space so that he doesn’t make our mate mad.” He shook his head again. 
Brandon and Vince smiled at each other. “My king, are you okay?” Brandon reached out, but Rowan waved him off. 
“I’m fine.” He smiled, and I had to cough to cover my laugh. His acting was surprisingly good. 
You doubt me, mate? Rowan’s voice curled in my mind, and I nearly dropped my tray. 
The fuck? I turned back to Rowan, who laughed out loud, adding to his confused act. How is this possible? 
Our bond settled fully. Rowan tossed back at me like that was answer enough. 
That explains nothing to me. I tossed back, and he laughed out loud again. Shannon walked closer and grabbed his arm “Maybe you should sit down, my king.” She smiled, and I nearly growled when I saw something metallic glint in her hand. 
She has a knife. I screamed at him, and I watched his eyes turn predatory. 
Shannon tried to wrap het other arm with the knife around his midille, and I watched as she tried to stab film. But he caught her hands and played dumb again. His grow) ripped over the crowd “lready told you, my wolf doesn’t like females touching me.” He squeezed her hand until she yelped. 
“Sorry, my king.” She stepped back, hiding the knife in her skirt, but I watched as Rowan tracked her movements. “I just wanted to help you.” 
He nodded once and then staggered back to his seat. “Well then. Let’s get this show on the road.” He clapped really loudly, almost as if he were drunk, making Vince grin again. 1 
Alicia S. Rivers Author 
I apologize for how long it has taken me to update. As some of you know I lost my father on July 11th. am utterly shattered. He was my best friend, and one of my strongest supporters. I don’t know how I will get used to a world where he is not in it. But I am doing my b ~ 
ū 
56 
2/3 
###Next D 538
Shannon turned back to Brandon with a smile. She stepped up next to him. “Are you ready?” 
Brandon’s eyes flicked to Vince, and then Garth stood. I watched m pale, and then be worked a smile onto his face. “Of course I am I love you.” He leaned in and kissed her. “Let’s get mated.” 
He took her hand, and together they turned to the priestess. She waved them closer and smiled “Come closer. The moon is already in the sky, and the goddess herself is staring down on us.” Shannon and Brandon both stepped up in front of the priestess, and then she waved her hand down to the pillows. “Knee.” 
Shannon dropped to her knees first. Her one band still in Brandon’s hands. She tugged him down. “Come on, babe.” She smiled up at him, and everyone could see his hesitation. Brandon looked back to the crowd. I watched as his eyes connected with Garith. He paled further when he saw Garith playing with a tiny ball of lig. He did it in such a way that no one else noticed except me. The threat was there. Garith was showing off his magic. Which was something I wasn’t sure he had until the very moment. I focused on Rowan. Garith is on the back pew by himself, in the mask with gold details around the eyes. I watched Rowan start to turn. Don’t look back, you fool. I shook my head. I’m telling you this because he has magic. So tread very carefully. 
I watched as he nodded slightly, and I felt my stomach settle a little. His voice whispered in my mind. You don’t have to yell at me, my love. I can hear you just fine. His lips curled at the edge, and I wanted to crawl into his lap. I must have projected my thoughts because he laughed loudly. Everyone in the room turned to look at him, and murmurs started across the people gathered. 
“Is he really drunk off the two or three glasses of champagne?” One of the smallest females there leaned closer to her friend. “I can drink more than that.” 
Her friend laughed quietly. “Maybe he doesn’t drink and is a total lightweight.” 
A man turned around. “I’ve been to parties in the capital. He drinks…this is weird. I’ve seen him drink bottles and walk straight. Maybe Vince gave him the good stuff?” 
The first girl shrugged. “Probably. We aren’t good enough for the good stuff though?” She scoffed. “A little elitist.” The other two nodded. Shannon’s face pinched as she looked back with a glare. “Shush. She’s looking back.” They straightened and turned back to the front. Shannon glared back at them for another second before turning back to the priestess and Brandon. 
She looked up at Brandon and tugged his arm once again. Rowan groaned. “Either shit or get off the pot.” 
Everyone’s face frowned in confusion. Brandon turned to look at my mate. “What does that mean?” 
Rowan groaned again and huffed out a long breath. “It’s a human saying for either do what you came to do or call it off,” He crossed his arms. “At this point, we have been waiting for almost an hour.” He lowered his voice, or pretended to, and whisper- yelled. “At least it feels like it’s been an hour.” He earned a few chuckles before he coughed and raised his voice back up. “Are we watching you, mate, or are we here to watch you decide if you want to mate…because at this point I’m confused.” He paused for a second. “And hungry.” 
He earned a few more chuckles, and Shannon’s face burned red. Shwe tugged at Brandon’s sleeve. “Get down.” She whispered, but I read her lips. 
Brandon tried to pull his hand free, and I knew he was going to turn away, but then a deep voice rang out from the very back. ” You are wasting our time. Decide.” 
Brandon froze and then dropped to his knees. Garith’s voice was enough to make the decision for him. “I apologize.” Brandon turned to Shannon and smiled. “It was a bet between Derek and me. He wanted me to make it seem like I was confused. But you know how much you mean to me.” 
Derek smiled, but I could see the confusion behind his eyes. He hadn’t done any of that, but Brandon was his best friend. He wouldn’t out his lie. He would just go along with it. He laughed. “Sorry Shan. I had to mess with you one last time for old times‘ sake.” 
Shannon was smart enough to catch the lie they were feeding everyone. She pointed at Derek and growled. “This is my mating 
S
ceremony. 
He raised his hands and chuckled. “I’m sorry, I forfelt the bet.” 
Bandon and Shannon both nodded and turned back to the priestes Brandon smiled. “We are ready.” 
She stared at him for a second, then nodded. “Then let’s begin.” She stepped back, and behind her the moon had risen higher into the sky, and the sun was setting. I pulled out my phone and set another quick text. 
Amy They are just starting now. Everything is in place. It’s a go. 
###Next D 539
Chapter 539 
The priestess lit the brazler behind her and turned back to the couple on their knees. “I call to the goddess in her glory. We need your wisdom, and your blessing on the pairing I have before me.” he raised her hands and tilted her face up to the moon.” Mother of all, we call to thee. Come, bless this pairing. One was for aken, their mate bond shattered. One passed over, their mate bond never found.” She looked back down at 
the pali 
pair. “They have chosen each other and forsaken all others.” Derek snorted a little, earning a glare from the priestess herself. He raised his hands and inouthed a quick sorry before she turned back to the pair. “As your loyal servants, we know your wisdom in our pairings, and beg your lenience and understanding with the two before me.” She turned back to the brazier and lifted a bowl of water from beside it. She shuffled to Brandon and knelt in front of him first. She held out her hand and waited. 
Brandon looked confused. “What?” 
The priestess smiled, but I could tell she was annoyed at this whole thing. “You must have missed your ceremony class. Give me your hand for the next step.” A giggle rang out, and everyone turned to find the omega, who was standing up front behind Derek, laughing. The priestess smirked for a second before Vince stood up. His face was cold…calculating. 
He pointed to the very first omega who had checked on me. “Come up here and take over for this one.” The first omega nodded, catching my eye before she walked up from the side. The giggling mega had already dropped to her knees. 
“Please, Alpha.” 
Vince nodded to a few guards, and instantly, the giggling omega was dragged away. Everyone in the audience knew better than to say anything. Everyone just pretended that nothing was happening. But I knew that girl was as good as dead. Foolish girl. Vince turned back to the priestess. “Continue.” 
She nodded, but I could tell she wasn’t happy. Her jaw clenched as she took a breath. She looked around at the people gathered there as she held out her hand again. She caught my gaze, and I felt the anger in her gaze as if it was a living, breathing animal as Brandon finally placed his hand in hers. Her nose flared as she turned back to the alpha in front of her. I understood her anger. Priestesses were omegas blessed by the goddess; she was seeing her brethren being dragged away to be killed. But she was helpless to do anything. 
She could do something. Nix called out. Instead of just watching the girl being dragged away to die. She just shook her head. 
Nix, that isn’t fair. First, you know priestesses are pure. No bloodshed, no sex, nothing. And second, the same could be said about us. We also watched her get dragged away. Megan was sitting by my magic, monitoring it. 
I know. Nix rolled her eyes. But it’s a choice. She could stand up for the girl, just like we could. 
If she had not, she would have just died with her. I whispered to my wolf, and that seemed to stop her. She just turned away to 
wait for her time. 
I turned back to the mating just in time to see the priestess take a dagger out of her belt and slam it into his hand, a little too forcefully. Brandon bit back his yelp. “Mother, take this blood as an offering. This male was forsaken by his goddess–given mate. He has selected a mate instead of waiting. He gives his life’s blood in hopes of your blessing.” She pulled the dagger from his hand, and held it over the bowl, letting the blood flow into the water. “Alpha Bradnon. Repeat after me. I, Brandon, future alpha of Oakenfang, beg the goddess to accept my mate bond to Shannon, future luna to my pack.” Brandon repeated her words. The priestess dropped his hand and shuffled over in front of Shannon. She pulled the bowl in front of her and held out her hand. Shannon gave her hand and then braced for the pain. “Mother, take this blood as an offering. This female has yet to meet the mate you have blessed her with. She has decided to select a mate instead of waiting, which you allow. She told me she has loved this male her entire life, and knew from early on that he was meant to be hers. She gives her life’s blood in hopes of your blessing.” Instead of stabbing directly into her hand, she sliced the palm delicately, and allowed the blade to hold the wound open until enough blood was given. “Now you. I, Shannon, holding no rank in Oakenfang, beg the goddess to accept my mate bond to Alpha Brandon, future alpha of my pack.” Shannon said the words and turned to smile at Brandon. 
###Next D 540
The priestess dropped her hands and sat back. “Noth of you will tur to each other and speak from your heart. Tell each other about your devotion, and your deepest feelings for each other. The goddess will be listening, and whatever you say will carry weight in her decision here today.” 
Shannon was already turning to face Brandon fully. She grabbed his hands and stared up at his face. “I’ll go first.” She glanced at the priestess, who just nodded. Shannon smiled, and everyone quieted to listen to their claims of devotion. “I remember my first day coming to the pack house. It was before I was to start at school. The only wolves I knew were my dad and Ainsley,” she sighed. “I was nervous about meeting the alpha. But then my dad brought me into Alpha’s Vince’s office, and you were there.” She blushed. “You were so serious, and wouldn’t even look at me, but I knew that day that I was going to mate with you.” She laughed as she shook her head. “It was a silly thought, but every year in school I did my best to catch your eye. And finally, after you shifted for the first time, you saw me.” She leaned in. “You saw me when no one else would look at me. You didn’t care about my rank, who I was related to or what I could do for you.” 
Nix snorted. Yes, he did. 
What? Megan tilted her head. 
Nix laughed. He cared about what she could do for him. It just wasn’t anything to his standing in the pack. He just cared that she would put out. 
Megan threw her head back and howled. That’s fair. 
“You saw me and loved me. Not Amy. Not anyone else. You loved me.” A tear traced down her cheek. “I have loved you since I was five, and now I get to be your Luna.” She leaned 
up 
and kissed his lips. A few girls in the crowd sniffled. 
Good grief. Nix groaned as she repositioned. They act as if she had said something amazing. 
Megan snorted. It was all her friends. And they were probably mad that she somehow landed Brandon, and they didn’t. I coughed to hide my snort. 
Every eye turned to Brandon. He looked out over the crowd, and his eyes landed on me. I could feel the smile on my face slowly fade as something almost like recognition ignited in his eyes. But then Shannon tugged his hand, and he turned back to her. 
“Brandon?” Her whisper was soft, and it did the trick. 
He smiled down at her. “I remember that day. You were wearing a beautiful blue dress and had the cutest dimples in your cheeks.” Shannon froze with a smile on her face, and if you didn’t know better, you would think she was eating up his words, but I did. And I had to quickly adjust my grip on the tray as a few glasses clinked together. 
You okay? Rowan’s voice whispered in my ear. 
Yeah…just trying not to laugh. 
Why would you laugh? 
Because Shannon wore pink that day…and she doesn’t have dimples. I pictured the day in my mind, and Rowan laughed out loud again. 
You were the cute little girl in blue with dimples? That’s amazing. He laughed again. The man can’t even keep his memories of you straight. She’s blonde, and you have black hair. He shook his head. 
“I was smitten that day, and every day since.” He leaned down and kissed her. 
Rowan laughed out loud again and started clapping, causing the crowd to follow suit. “Amazing vows.” He called out, slurring his words more. 
The priestess paused for a second before picking up the bowl and handing it to Brandon. “With your devotion in your heart declared, the goddess is waiting. Take three drinks from the bowl. Once for your past, once for your present, and the last for your future.” She watched as Brandon and then Shannon drank from the bowl. “Mother, hear our prayer. These two have bound themselves together in this life and the next. Bless the chosen bond and seal their fate together.” There was a pause as the sun 
finally dipped under the horizon, and the moon shone down in all a full glory. “Mark each other under the moonlight, and in front of your witnesses. If the goddess agrees to the bond, the man will form.” She waved them both forward. 
Shannon tilted her head to the side and waited for Brandon to mark her. He hesitated for a second before leaning down and biting her neck, Shannon moaned loudly for the crowd, causing quite a few women to grimace. Brandon pulled back and licked the wound shut. Then he leaned down and tilted his head, giving annon access, 
Shannon leaned up and bit quickly. She pulled away after licking the wound a little too long. Then the crowd drew in a silent breath, waiting to see if the bond snapped into place. 
After almost a full minute, the dark lines of the mate bond grew from the bite marks on their necks. The goddess actually blessed the bond. The crowd cheered. 
Derek was the loudest, cheering with everyone with his arms in the air, until the omega that was behind him pulled a knife she had hidden and stabbed it through his back. 
###Next D 541
The crowd screamed, and Shannon grabbed for Brandon, who tried to turn and help his friend. Shannon fought to keep him close as blood poured from Derek’s lips. The omega ripped the blade from his back and slipped off her mask as she stepped in front of him. “What did you always say to me? Keep your eyes open while I stuff you, kitten.” Lynn grabbed his face. “I wouldn’t want you to miss anything.” She grinned as she slammed the blade into his chest. 
Derek coughed blood as he pulled his face out of her grip. “You…stupid…bitch.” He coughed again and grabbed for the knife. But Lynn was too quick. She ripped it from his chest and slammed it into his stomach. “I’m going to kill you.” He laughed as blood dripped from his lips. “You think this is your revenge…but in reality this is your funeral.” 
Everyone surged to their feet. The omegas, the real ones, took off. Low–ranked, weak wolves screamed and took off running too. But the men and women who were higher ranked all converged on Lynn. She pulled out a second blade and, instead of attacking anyone else, she laughed. It was boisterous and slightly manic as she turned and stabbed Derek over and over. The look in her eyes made the closest men pause. Because she looked insane, rightfully so. She screamed in triumph as she kept attacking him. 
Vince bellowed for everyone to freeze. He slammed his aura out, and all of his men froze. Which was the dumbest move that Vince could have possibly done for Derek. Because I had already commanded Lynn to ignore all other Alpha commands, and I was more powerful than Vince. So she didn’t hesitate; she kept stabbing Derek over and over until she grew tired of the knives and threw them away. 
Derek screamed. He bellowed his pain and tried to struggle, but Vince’s command froze him in place, like everyone else. Everyone except me, Rowan, Lynn and Garith. “Stop!” He begged, but Lynn just laughed as she grabbed his chin. 
“I remember I begged you to stop. You and your friends, but you just laughed at me. You said that eventually I would come to beg for it, for you…” She leaned in as she started to shift her claws. “Tell me, mate…are you begging for it yet?” She screamed, her eyes a little wild. 
Garith stood and strolled down the aisle. “It lor kina sizet.” Lynn froze. Her claws had just formed, and her fangs descended. ” Look at you.” He continued walking towards her, and I could see the panic flash in her eyes. “You’re so ferocious for a kitten.” He laughed darkly as he finished walking. 
“What did you do?” Vince called out. 
Garith turned his head towards Vince. “What you failed to do.” He grinned as he leaned against the pew Rowan was seated on. “I froze everyone but myself so I could save your beta, and kill the king. Now that the crowd is gone.” He pulled the mask from his eyes. “There we are.” He turned to Shannon and waved the masks. “While it hid my face like I requested. It was fucking annoying.” He tossed it to the ground and sighed. “Well now. This is interesting.” He slid down beside my mate and leaned over. He twisted his shoulder so he could look up at Derek. “How are you feeling? You look rough, boy.” 
Derek turned his gaze to Garith and smiled, blood coating his teeth “It’s just a scratch.” He laughed, but blood poured from his mouth. He coughed for a few seconds, trying to clear his airways. 
Garith shook his head as he pulled back and settled back against the pew. “I doubt that. Those blades right ther se blades are silver.” He pointed to the two daggers on the ground. Garith laughed. “You can smell the silver from here. Isn t that right, kitten?” 
Lynn snarled. “Don’t call me that!” She was frozen, but her entire body was trembling. I couldn’t tell if it was from fear, or from her straining to move. But either way, she was cornered. Her eyes turned to me, and I could see panic there, but also resignation. 
Her wolf ran from the trees. Get your mate and run, Amy. Don’t worry about us. Then she turned back and was gone. 
Nix turned to me. She’s planning on dying. 
Well. I shook my head. We all know that’s not happening. 
Lynn’s eyes flashed to a burnt copper. Her wolf was upfront, and she was not happy. But her panic won over, and her eyes snapped back to her human eyes. “No one will ever call me that again.” She trembled for a few seconds before her wolf pushed forward again, and I watched her body grow still. Her voice came a little smokier. “But you are right, old man.” Her smile grew as Derek’s eyes rolled to meet her gaze. “This knife is silver. And you…you are dead.” 
###Next D 542
“Derek!” Brandon tried to run to him, but Garith just laughed. 
“Are you stupid, boy? Or do you not listen? Everyone is frozen.” Garith shook his head. 
“Save him!” Brandon screamed his frustration at losing his friend but Garith just chuckled. 
“No.” 
“No?” Brandon’s face fell for a second. “What do you mean, no?” 
Garith lifted a shoulder. “Well…No is a word people use when they are denying a request. Which is what I am doing.” “But why?” Brandon sounded like a little boy. 
“Well. There are a few reasons. The first is that he is too far gone to save. The second is that he brought this on himself. He tortured this girl; it’s obvious. While I love a good torture session, he made the mistake of letting her live.” He leaned down to look Derek in the face again. “If you torture someone to the point their mind shatters, like this girl, then kill the person. Or else you end up here if you aren’t lucky. And last, I think this is an excellent lesson for you to learn, boy.” Garith turned to Brandon.” You won’t be able to rely on anyone but yourself going forward. You have spent too many years relying on this imbecile. And look where that has gotten you? You are mated to a she–wolf who is clingy, unranked, and carries herself as an Alpha. The delusion in this pack is insane.” He sat back again. “The boy deserves to die for thinking his rank would save him in this exact scenario.” 
Brandon’s voice dropped low. “I will kill you.” He was staring at Garith. Shannon and Vince both whimpered softly. I think the sound woke him up, because Brandon turned to Lynn and snarled. I swear it here and now, I will kill you.” 
Lynn just smiled. “Stupid boy. I died the minute he touched me. Nothing you can do will change that.” She cackled. If I hadn’t known any better, I would have sworn she was crazy. 
She’s playing them to think she was alone in this. Megan whispered. She thinks we are going to leave her to die. 
Well, she is as stupid as Brandon is. Nix huffed. I agreed. She wasn’t going to be left behind. Never again. 
Garith turned to Rowan. “Kids these days.” He shook his head as if he were one of their parents. “Stupid and disappointing. But what can you do…we need someone to carry on the line, right?” 
“You have a few, apparently. Verity…Gavin.” Rowan’s words rippled over the remaining men. A few guards looked confused as they waited to be unfrozen. 
Garith chuckled as he nodded. “I do. But Gav…he got too big for his britches.” Garith repositioned. “That’s why I had his brother and sister. I had him exactly where I wanted him when I realized my mother was whispering to Gav.” Brother? My dad has a brother? Garith groaned. “My meddling mother…I was excited when she fucking died.” His words sent a shockwave through me. “Although I was disappointed that when I killed her she had already sealed her magic away from me.” 
He killed his own mother. Megan looked at me, and I could feel her anger. Our magic spiked, and the flame that she had been tending shot up. He killed his own mother…We were told it was rogues. 
Her words hit me in the chest. Rogues. Of course it was rogues. I wanted to scream, to move, but I felt a hand on my shoulder. 
Calm yourself, my love. Her soft voice whispered next to me. I knew it was going to happen before it did. Carl helped me prepare. I felt her hand slide down my arm, and slip around it, so she was holding me. I sealed my magic away in the book. When you found it and cracked it open, my magic transferred to you. You were always meant to inherit everything. And before you open your mouth, it was designed this way by the goddess. 
Our magic settled, and she kissed my cheek. You know what you have to do, my heart. Stay the course. I don’t need to be avenged; I did that myself when I kept my magic away from him. Just protect your mate and save your kind. 
You know…no pressure. Nix scoffed as she stood. But she is right. We might want to rush in and kill them all, but we have to be smart about it and wait for the perfect opportunity. 
I agreed and stayed silent. Verity stood up from wherever she had sunk off to and started walking up the aisle. “How is she moving?” Brandon’s eyes rolled between Garith and Verity. 
Garith shook his head. “She is my daughter.” 
“So?” 
Garith shook his head. Verity passed Brandon and Shannon, and she patted his cheek. “You really are stupid, aren’t you?” Shannon growled low, but Verity just kicked her. “I have my own magic. If you know the spell, then you break it with the counterspell. Obviously.” 
###Next D 543
Garith just turned back to Rowan. “Now…what are we going to do with you?” 
Verity smirked as she slid into Rowan’s lap. “There now…doesn’t that feel better? You could have had me, you know….if you had just played ball, we could have kept you alive.” She patted his cheek, ignoring his growl. “You are so big and strong, aren’t ya?” She laughed as she stood and then swung. 
Her slap echoed throughout the makeshift room. “Verity, that’s enough.” 
“Actually, I don’t think it is. You don’t know what he fucking did to me. How fucking embarrassing it’s been.” She slapped Rowan again. Both of my wolves started to growl, low and menacing. 
You two are making it hard to keep my composure. I can manage the magic for a minute. Go see your mate and calm down. I sent them both to Rowan. They needed to see Erubus was fine, and I needed a minute to collect my fraying nerves so that when they escalated, as I knew the father and daughter pair would, I wouldn’t blow our cover. 
Lynn laughed, causing Verity to whirl. “What’s so funny?” She screamed into the gamma’s face. 
“You are.” Lynn laughed louder. “Just look at you. You are just like Shannon.” 
Everyone’s eyes turned to look at Lynn. Verity took a step closer and grabbed Lynn’s face. “What did you say?” 
Lynn smirked. “I said you are just like Shannon.” I watched her eyes dart towards the girl on the ground at Brandon’s feet, 
Verity squeezed her face. “What do you mean by that?” 
Lynn’s eyes darted between the two women. “Look at her. She is frozen at Brandon’s feet, begging him to notice her. Chasing 
after a mate that isn’t hers.” 
“What does that have to do with me?” Verity bared her teeth as she leaned closer to Lynn. 
Lynn snorted. “You can play dumb all you want, but it doesn’t change the fact that you are the same. You might not be begging on the ground for Rowan to notice you, and you might have more power than Shannon does. But you are still chasing after a mate that isn’t yours.” 
Verity scoffed. “It was all a part of the plan we had in place.” 
Lynn puffed out a breath. “And when you say it like that, I could almost believe you. But I was close enough to see how hurt you got when you saw the king’s mate mark. When you realized he was too far out of your reach now.” 
“Shut up.” 
“I think you convinced yourself that if you managed to mate the king that you could turn him. Nevermind that you killed his father, hunted his kind to extinction, and then manipulated him into scenarios that he would have never done.” Lynn laughed 
low. 
“Shut up.” Verity squeezed more until Lynn’s lips were puckered. You don’t know what the fuck you are talk about.” 
Lynn looked at Verity for a second. “I pity you.” Verity dropped her face as if she had burned her. 
“You what?” 
“Pity you…because I might be insane. But I can still see that you had no chance in hell of convincing Rowan to mate you, never mind being able to convince him to switch sides.” 
“SHUT UP!” she screamed again as she whirled on Rowan. “We could still do it. We have him surrounded.” 
Rowan chuckled. His voice a deep rasp. “The council? Will be disbanded and executed. The traitorous royal guard? Will be handled as well. I have already set it all in motion. Dead or not, you won’t have any leverage to use against my Luna.” 
Verity made a choking noise. “Your Luna?” 
13 
Rowan looked over at Garith. “You really settled for the dumb ones, eh? At least Gavin knows what he is doing.” 
Garith just smiled. Then he turned to look around the room. “You. His finger pointed at someone. “I need you to bring me my implements.” 
“Your implements?” A guard pointed at himself, but Garith shook his head. 
“Omega…the bag I left on the last pew. Bring them to me.” I felt the command in his words, but I stayed still. He rolled his eyes. “You.” 
“The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, I see.” Rowan coughed out a laugh. “Your spell has her frozen like the rest of us, dumbass.” Garith turned back to him. “She can’t move, no matter what command you give the girl.” 
Garith growled. “Itsi blugh dor not ihnas.” He pointed at me, and I could feel the spell release me. “Now, bring me the tools on the bench.” 
I stumbled and caught myself on the back of a pew. Before I hurried over to the tool kit. I could smell the silver before I grabbed it. I walked with sdhaky steps to the front of the room, all eyes watching me until Lynn started to laugh again. All eyes shifted to her as I stopped bext to Gairth. 
“He’s dead.” Lynn’s laughter turned to heartbreaking sobs. “He’s dead, and he can never touch another wolf ever again.” 
###Next D 544
Chapter 544 
Lynn’s face was triumphant. Brandon screamed. “Derek!” But he was still frozen. Derek himself was stuck on his knees, eyes open but glossy. Blood still trickled from his wounds, but that was more from gravity than it was from his heart. Because his heart was silent. “No!” Brandon screamed again, but Lynn Just laughed. “You stupid bitch, I’ll kill you myself. He didn’t deserve to die.” 
“He deserved every fucking slice.” She screamed back. “Every time he touched me, cut me, burned me. I kept count. I kept track of every fucking breath he breathed against my neck. He got lucky that I was stuck like this before I had finished.” 
Brandon’s eyes burned as he opened his mouth but Garith screamed. “Enough.” He waved his hands towards me, and I stepped up next to him. “Good girl.” He opened the toolkit in my hand and smiled. “You wouldn’t mind holding this for me, would ya, darling?” He smiled as if he were asking, but I felt the weak command he put into his words. 
Rowan snorted. “You did all of this to kill me and take over as king, but that was your command?” His eyes turned to Garith’s. ” You are fucking weak.” 
Garith snarled. “I know I won’t be king, but my son is stronger.” He grinned and grabbed for me. He pulled me around the pew so I was standing next to his thigh and he unzipped the toolkit, displaying the knives there. “Now…let’s get to work.” 
“Gavin would never.” Rowan was baiting him. 
“Gavin is a disappointment. I was smart enough to have a backup. Not as strong, and Garren has no magic, but beggars can’t be chooser I guess.” 
Garren…I’ve heard that name before. 
The wolf that Aurora was with in the caves. Nix growled low as she remembered. 
Garith sighed. “I would have been happier with Gavin’s girl…now, she had potential. But…” He turned to look at Brandon.” Some people have different ideas.” He turned to Shannon. “And some have ambitions they shouldn’t. But here we are.” He turned back to Rowan. “It doesn’t matter anyway. I’m close.” 
“Close? To what?” Rowan laughed again. “Killing me will do nothing for your position. My Luna is already in place to take over for me.” His words made my stomach clench. 
Garith waved a hand. “There is a solution for your Luna. But I’m close to the first family. I can feel it. I have traced a few lines, and I feel like I am close.” 
Nix snorted. Closer than he actually thinks. 
Rowan snorted out loud. “The first family? Of course, I’m from the first family.” 
“Not Lycan’s, you idiot. The first family to wolves.” Garith’s face morphed into something close to devotion. “If I can get close to the first family…any child I have with someone from that family would be strong.” Then he turned back to Rowan. “Then I would just kill the rest so no one could interfere.” 
Rowan laughed. “What would you do if they wanted nothing to do with you?” 
“Simple…I would cull them…like I did when the King turned down giving me his daughter.” 
The room plummeted into icy silence. 
Rowan’s eyes flashed to the icy blue I loved. “What did you just say 
Garith laughed. “You didn’t know?” He threw his head back and twirled the knife in his hand. “Your mother was pregnant with a she-wolf. He was so excited for a second pup. As I heard Lycans only have one pup, right?” He grinned. “So when he scented the pregnancy, he threw a party. Apparently, his finding out he was having a girl triggered something inside of him. He wanted some alphas to pass down the torch, so to speak. He said that times were changing, and he wanted to make sure we were changing with them.” Garith shook his head. “He grew soft. So I offered him a deal.” 
“A deal?” Brandon jumped in. “To step down? Why?” 
He turned to my ex-mate and glowered at him. “Cause I was thinking bigger. You all think so small. But I told the king that if he promised me the hand of his daughter, I would step down happily. 
“She wasn’t even bourn, and you were trying to marry her?” Rowan growled. 
Garith waved his hand. “He said no; your father wasn’t great at thinking big picture either. He just said that the goddess would pick her mate, and that was that.” He laughed low. “Or so he thought.” 
“What do you mean?” Shannon asked, obviously confused. 
“Well…” Garith shrugged. “He could have mated his daughter to me, and none of this would have happened. But instead…” He looked at Shannon and dropped the acting. His eyes turned cold, empty. He went from being a vibrant man to looking like he was dead inside. And I guess he was. “Instead, I gave up my pack, sure, but I killed his mate, his child, his entire race.” Garith laughed, but his eyes stayed dead. “I killed all the Lycans, wiped out his line well, most of his line…until today.” He turned back to Rowan. “But hey, better late than never, right?” And then he slammed the knife into Rowan. 
###Next D 545
Chapter 545 
I screamed. It wasn’t even a thought. It must have surprised everyone because they all turned to me. Garith chuckled as he wrenched the knife out of Rowan’s leg. My mate just grunted as the blade was ripped from him. “I love Omegas. They are always so theatrical.” Garith mimicked my scream. “Ah!” Then he doubled over laughing. Everyone else around slowly joined in, but I caught a few women who weren’t laughing. “Come close.” Garitli waved everyone closer, but no one moved. “Oh! Right. Itsi blugh dor not ihnas provon ti.” The remaining people all closed in with Brandon turning away from Garith and heading straight for Lynn. 
“I’m going to kill you.” His threat hung there as he reached for Lyn. Her eyes flashed to me, and behind the slight panic, there was acceptance. I watched her eyes as acceptance won over. She was okay with this outcome. She nodded once towards me. 
Then she turned to Brandon and smiled. “Sure you are.” She cackled once more before swinging on him. I screamed again, no words, just pain that I couldn’t get there. This wasn’t right, but I was stuck in place. I felt hands on my arms. 
“You can’t.” A soft whisper was the only thing that held me back. 
“Stop.” Garith slapped the command on Brandon, and I watched him almost fall. “I released everyone to come watch the downfall of our king, not so you could get revenge on a fucking she wolf boy. Either you come watch, or you stand there and glare at the botch, but until I’m done, you don’t fucking move. Understood?” 
Brandon glared, but then he nodded. He turned back to Lynn and smiled. “You get an extra bit of time, but I swear here and now, I will kill you.” He snapped his fangs, trying to intimidate her.. 
She laughed. “You think you are scary? You look like a little boy trying to play werewolf.” She laughed again, and a few joined in. “Enough.” Garith turned back to Rowan, who was just watching everyone with glassy eyes. Something close to panic curled in my belly, but I trusted my mate. “Now, I don’t want anyone interrupting me when I am having my fun. So….it lor kina sizet.” I felt the spell settle on everyone again. 
When a murmur went through the crowd, I whispered the counterspell. “Itsi blugh dor not indi ahsa.” 
“My king.” Garith twirled a knife. “It must be tiring being the last of your kind. Lonely even.” He smiled as Rowan seemed to ‘slump down. Acting as if the silver they pumped into his body was taking effect. “Look at you. Barely holding it together. The burn in your stomach? The silver we slipped into your drinks. It should have made it throughout your system by now.” 
Rowan just smiled. “Doesn’t matter.” 
Garith laughed. “Why do you say that?” 
Rowan tilted his head as he slipped another inch. “I can still shift. Lycans will always shift when they feel threatened.” 
Garith nodded. “As I learned with your mother.” He pulled down his shirt and showed a scar on his chest. “She almost got me. She sadly had horrible aim.” He laughed. “Missed my heart by a fraction. Can’t blame her though. Hard to aim while you are fighting for your life.” Garith laughed. 
I felt my arm tremble. Thankfully, the long sleeves were hiding the fur that was rippling down my arm. Rowan growled. “You bastard.” 
Garith nodded. “I am. But it’s okay; my mother knows all too well. And if I kill my own mother, I mean, what does your mother hope for?” He turned to me and grabbed another knife. “While I would love to just kill you, sadly I have to take my time, heartbreaking I know.” 
“Why not just kill him and get it over with?” Shannon asked, boredom creeping into her voice. “We still have to eat.‘ 
Garith chuckled. “You would have been worthwhile if you actually had a rank.” Shannon struggled with his almost- compliment. Her face teetered between a scowl and a smile. “But to answer you, we need information. I need to know who his mate is…and who the first family is.” 
Rowan grunted as a second knife slid into his leg. “You think I’m going to tell you?” 
Garith smiled. “I don’t think you will have a choice. You see, I sent men to the capital. And to the cabin in the woods. My 
Chapter 545 
mother’s place. The one you spent so much money rebuilding. The one you thought was safe. Yeah.” He took out his phone. The men are in place, and they are chipping away at the shield you managed to erect. Impressive.” He grabbed a third knife. Who is your witch? Is it Amy?” 
The growl that left Rowas was loud, and terrifying. Garith froze for a second. “Is your witch my 
mother’s place. The one you spent so much money rebuilding. The one you thought was safe. Yeah.” He took out his phone. The men are in place, and they are chipping away at the shield you managed to erect. Impressive.” He grabbed a third knife. Who is your witch? Is it Amy?” 
The growl that left Rowas was loud, and terrifying. Garith froze for a second. “Is your witch my granddaughter?” Rowan remained silent this time. Garith leaned in, chasing that tiny lead. Is she your mate?” 
###Next D 546
Chapter 546 
Everything froze a second before Garithi threw his head back and laughed. “Oh, that is priceless.” 
Rowan growled low, a warning shot. “Leave Amy alone. She isn’t apart of this.” 
Brandon’s mouth dropped open. “You mated Amy?” 
Rowan wouldn’t look away from Garith. “You can kill me, but leave Amy alone.” 
Nix and Megan were on their feet instantly. They ran back to Rowan without a second glance at me. But that was fine. The man was being stupid. Rowan’s eyes danced around the crowd, his eyes meeting mine for a fraction of a second, but I could see his thoughts. We were outnumbered. He wanted me to slink away undetected until I was safe. He would give up his life for me instantly if he knew I could leave safely. Shannon growled. “Why does everyone fucking care about Amy?” She screamed my name like it was a curse. “So what she is a female Alpha. She is ugly, and fucking useless. She can’t even keep a man.” 
Rowan laughed. He struggled to sit himself up, and his head lolled. I went to grab for him, but Nix busted out of the trees. He’s playing them. 
I froze. What do you mean? 
Nix panted. He was trained like you were. His dad made sure he could withstand silver. He is fine. But he is trying to give us a way out. He is telling us to run. 
Fuck that. I turned back to Garith. 
Nix snorted. My thoughts exactly. 
Rowan finally pushed himself into a position to look at Shannon. “Since I’m about to die, allow me to illuminate a few things for you.” He raised an eyebrow and waited for Shannon to nod. “She never wanted Brandon.” 
“Of course she did. He’s an alpha.” 
“A weak one.” Rowan countered. “But he raised a hand to stop her words. “You want to know how I know?” 
Shannon’s eyes glared back at him. “Sure.” She huffed out a laugh as if he were lying. 
“Brandon was rejected in the first year of school, when he was in the cafeteria, surrounded by hundreds of she–wolves. Right?” Rowan turned his head to Brandon and waited for his answer. “Am I right?” 
Brandon glared at him but just nodded. “I’m assuming she told you.” 
Rowan smiled. “She did, but not for the reason you’re thinking.” Rowan turned to Garith. “You are from the same family, so you can tell if I’m lying.” 
Garith’s eyes tightened. “What are you on about?” 
“Your mother passed down a gift to her child, one that you passed down. You live your life…until you die. And you come back for a second chance. Right? You have the chance to correct whatever happened that caused your death, right?” 
Everyone gasped. But Shannon cackled. “That’s insane.” Everyone joined in. I heard a few people whispering about how the silver must have gotten to his brain already. 
Garith snapped his head toward Verity. “Is it true?” 
Everyone stopped laughing. “What?” 
Verity paled. “I thought…” 
“You thought what? That it was normal for someone to die and then come back to life years beforehand?” Garith stood.” When?” 
“When I was reborn?” 
4 
1/3 
+25 BONUS 
“When was I reborn?” His voice was high–pitched and mimicked Verity. He slammed his fist onto the wooden pew. “Of course! When did you come back?” 
Verity looked around. “When I was twenty. I died after my mate found out I was a bastard. He killed me right as my mother told me about you. So when I came back, I found you first, and rejected my mate.” 
Garith stared at her. “You played me.” 
“No…I just thought it was a blessing from the goddess and kept it a secret. You never told me you’d come back before.” She cried, but he silenced her with a hand. 
“Later.” He glared at her for a second before he turned back to Rowan. “So Amy came back?” 
Rowan nodded. “Her first mate killed her when she was twenty–four.” 
Garith’s eyes tightened. “What does that have to do with today?” 
Rowan smiled. “Everything. You see, Amy met her mate on her eighteenth birthday. She mated him within a month and then became a luna. She did everything she could, but she never shifted in her previous life.” 
“She never balanced her magic and wolf.” Garith snorted. 
“She was never told how. Her father was killed before she found out in her first life.” Rowan coughed. “But that didn’t matter. She was still a strong Alpha.” 
“Who fucking cares.” Shannon growled. 
“I promise there is a reason.” Rowan chuckled. “Her mate betrayed her with Shannon, killing the pup that they had in a fit of anger.” Shannon furrowed her brows, but Brandon grew still. “So when she woke back up on her eighteenth birthday, she ran to her father’s pack. He helped her find her magic, which I am sure you knew about.” He turned to Gavin. 
“No.” Brandon’s whisper was soft, but Rowan clapped. 
“You figured it out.” Rowan chuckled. “You made the same mistake twice.” He cackled. “You threw away your alpha mate for her whore sister. So she rejected you in college. And then used your pathetic chasing to get close.” 
“Why?” Brandon whispered. 
###Next D 547
“To breach our servers.” Vince’s voice was ragged as the realization settled around his shoulders. His face held a dawning horror that was amazing to watch. 
“What did you say?” Garith turned to Vince, and puffed out a breath, clearly lost. “Why do you look like that? Why does it matter?” 
Everyone turned to Vince and saw what Garith was talking about. Vince was pale, too pale: Sweat was beading on his forehead, and his hands were balled into fists. “Our servers…” His heart rate picked until it sounded like it was pounding in his chest. 
“I don’t know what the fuck you are talking about, Vince. What the fuck is a server? EXPLAIN.” Garith lost the tiny grip he had on his anger. His aura slammed out, and everyone trembled on their feet. I had to force myself to drop to my knees. 
Vince stumbled closer, clearly affected my the other Alpha’s power “My server that I had Rick managing.” Garith waved his hand in a circle. 
“You are still not making sense.” 
“The members of the brotherhood. Our plans. The kill list. EVERYTHING WE HAVE PLANNED IS ON OUR SERVERS.” I watched as Vince lost his mind. I had to force my lips into a pinched line so I wouldn’t smile. 
Garith pushed up off the pew. His voice was low. “What do you mean?” 
“Thad Rick create a private server for my pack. No one could hack into it because there was no way in. The server wasn’t connected to anything else. It was closed specifically so that no one outside of the pack house would be able to connect to it,” Vince rambled. “I had everything backed up there. All our plans the hideouts, the attack plans. EVERYTHING.” 
Garith’s eyes flashed, and he held up a hand. “Let me see if I got this straight. You took all our conversations and what? Typed them out?” Vince swallowed and nodded. “Then you put them into your unhackable server for safekeeping.” Vince nodded again. “Then how did my granddaughter have access?” 
Vince turned to Brandon, who looked like he was staring at a silver bullet. His voice was a whisper when he answered. “I asked my dad to hire her.” His mouth flapped open and closed. “She was going to be my mate…and she just went to school for computer science. I figured Rick could use the help.” 
Garith let out a growl. “You were fucking her sister! What the fuck do you mean she was supposed to be your mate?” He kicked Derek’s dead body, earning a giggle from Lynn. “Did you think she was just going to accept the fact that you were fucking an unranked wolf?” Garith whirled. “But Rick would have stopped her, right?” Vince’s hands trembled while he stared at him. I watched as Garith’s eyes tightened. “Right?” 
Vince dropped his head. “Rick went missing…” 
Garith kicked Derek again. “And you waited until now to tell me?” He roared into the night sky. “Are you fucking serious?” 
Brandon flinched. “It’s fine. She probably didn’t get in.” 
Garith whirled and got in Brandon’s face. “You don’t think that the girl who spent three years learning computers and then came to work in this pack got any information?” Brandon shook his head. 
“Even if she knew how to hack…which I am sure she didn’t, there is no way that she got all the way through the urity features Rick put in.” 
Verity snorted. “The man who went missing when Amy took off? You still don’t see how Amy might have gotten past your security?” 
Her father wheeled on her. “You knew?” 
Verity held up her hands. “Vince called me when Rick went missing. We activated the contingency plans.” She cut her eyes at Brandon. “His entire family is dead. But I didn’t know that they gave her the fucking keys to the front door.” 
Garith rubbed his head. “I am surrounded by fucking DUMBASSES 
Chapter 547 
+25 BONUS 
Rowan laughed and dropped his head against the back of the pew. You really are.” Garith growled low, but Rowan held up one finger. “Let me just sum it all up for you. Amy came back from her first life, already knowing you were her mate, and that you would cheat on her with Shannon. She ran to her father to find out the truth. She had magic and learned to shift into Nix. She purposefully took computer science because Gavin told her to.” He flopped his head to look at Vince. “Because Gavin already knew that you had a closed private server and knew he needed someone on the inside to get in. Spent three years learning the inside and out of computers, and hacking. Then convinced your idiot son that she had fallen in love with him, using her first life as a blueprint to make him fall for it. She then came to work, and spent seven or eight months pushing back the mating ceremony, learning your system.” Rowan chuckled. “She saved those people. Rick, his family, the omegas. Just so you couldn’t use them against her once she stole all your information.” 
###Next D 548
Vince shook his head. “No way.” 
Rowan smiled. “She really is that amazing. And I have to thank you for fumbling her not once, but twice.” Rowan rolled his eyes at Brandon. “If it weren’t for your stupidity in choosing Shannon over there, I would have never found my queen. My Goddess- blessed mate.” He pulled his shirt completely off the mate mark. Everys in place for her to take over in my stead.” 
“You know I will just kill her, right?” Garith smiled. 
Rowan threw his head back and laughed so hard he started cough. Garith’s face grew dark. “You can try.” Rowan held up his hands. “But she is stronger than you think she is.‘ 
Garith smiled. “It’s fine, I can get my son- 
“The one in the caves with Aurora?” Rowan lifted a brow. “Yeah…don’t think he will be around for long. She’s already dead, and he doesn’t seem like he has a lot of survival skills. If you know what I’m saying.” 
Garith’s face paled. “No.” 
“I mean, Vince did say she wanted your servers.” Rowan smiled. 
Garith pulled out his phone and dialed a number. “Pick up.” He turned and shouted to the crowd. “Grab them.” 
Everyone converged on the front. A few females wove in between the men as Garith tried to dial again. Lynn grinned. “No answer?” 
Garith growled low. “I will kill you if he is hurt.” 
Lynn snapped her fangs. “I’m already dead, remember.” She cackled as he dialed one more time. 
Finally, the call connected. There were screams in the distance. “Dad?” Garren’s voice rang out of the speaker. 
Garith’s hand tightened on the phone. “Garren, what is 
kg on?” 
“The caves…the caves are under attack.” There was a howl, and Garren’s voice hardened. “Aurora is dead. A tracker killed her the other day. I was able to get some out, but a lot of the exits were covered by other packs.” 
Garith turned to face Rowan, who was smiling. “Did I forget to say that?” 
“Garren, listen to me. Leave the rogues. Just get yourself 
out. 
S 
“Dad, you know I can’t do that. I’m their alpha.” Garren’s voice sounded flat. 
“Yes, you can. Do what I say, boy.” 
There was a pause on the other end before Garren’s voice came back. “Fine. But I’m saving as many as I can.” Then the phone disconnected. 
Garith stared down at his phone for a second before he threw it against one of the pillars, shattering it into a million pieces. He whirled back to face Rowan, who was smiling. “I’m going to kill you.” 
“You can try.” Rowan pushed up from the pew and rocked back and forth on his feet. 
Garith smiled. “You think this is going to be a challenge?” He tossed his head and laughed. “You are stupid, just like your father.” He looked around at the crowd. “Grab him.” 
A few guards and one female grabbed Rowan, holding his arms behind his back as Garith stepped closer. “I’m going to have them hold you down as I cut your heart from your chest.” 
Brandon’s face furrowed in confusion. “Why not just use your alpha command or 
magic?” 
Verity rolled her eyes. “They won’t work. Commands and magic will only go so far, but if a wolf feels like it is in danger, then it 
will break free and fight for its life.” 
Brandon pointed at Derek. “Obviously not, Derek was stuck in place as that fucking whore sliced into him.” 
Verity sighed. “No, your beta is just a dumbass.” Verity kicked at Derek’s hand. Brandon growled, but she rolled her eyes. “His wolf was just as delusional as he was. They had convinced themselves that they weren’t in danger because he didn’t see females as a danger. He could have gotten up at anytime. But he stayed there because he thought he was going to heal. He was stupid.” 
Brandon stared down at his best friend’s body. “He could have gotten up?” 
Garith chuffed out a chuckle. “It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, boy. He was gone as soon as the second blade went in. After the silver was that close to the heart, it wouldn’t have mattered. He was already dead; his body just had to catch up.” He turned to me and waved me closer. I walked up beside him and held out the toolkit. “Now, back to the important bit.” He grabbed another knife. “You are such a good girl.” I smiled softly. 
“Thank you.” I slipped a knife out of this kit as he turned his back to me. I watched as he stepped closer to my mate. “I try my best, Alpha.” 
“If only my family members were this useful:” He trailed a knife over Rowan’s face. “Now…I think it’s about time.” 
“Well…” I smiled softly. “You’re in luck.” Garith froze for a second. 
“What?” He looked at me as the mask I untied fell from my eyes. 
“Isaid you’re in luck…Grandpa.” I turned and slit one of the guards throat. 
ト 
###Next D 549
Chapter 549 
All hell broke loose. Garith whirled away from my knife as I sliced towards him after the guard dropped to the ground. I swung on the next male holding Rowan as the female slipped a knife into Rowan’s hand. She twirled away, ducking under arms reaching for her. One snagged the string to the mask as she slid towards Lynn. Her mask slipped from her face, revealing dark eyes I recognized. Brandon dove for Lynn, but the female, dark and ready, was already there slicing for his face as Lynn cackled. Toya’s grin matched Lynn’s as she sliced for Brandon again. The two twirled around each other, Toya with her knives and Lynn with her claws, slashing at any man that got too close. 
Brandon tried again but earned himself a nice slice up his arm as Toya danc blood dripped from his fingers. 
away. “You stupid bitch.” He screamed as the 
Toya grabbed Lynn’s hand, and out of the corner of my eye, I watched as Lynn twirled Toya in the air, kicking the five men trying to attack them at once. “I may be a bitch.” She grinned as she landed back on her feet. “But I’m the bitch that is going to make sure that in this lifetime. You fucking die, Alpha.” Her mocking tone had Brandon gritting his teeth. More men pushed forward, and I lost sight of my friends. 
I spun from a blade, my attention back on my battle to my mate. Somehow in the fray, Rowan had been pulled farther away from me, and I called after him. “Rowan!” I took a step but then whirled away from the attack. I heard another voice from the crowd in the opposite direction, and I spun to find who screamed. 
The knot in my chest loosened when I heard Micca’s voice call from the middle of the pack of me. “Get off of me.” Hex scream was one of anger, not fear, and a smile worked its way onto my lips 
I started towards the voice only to see Hanna bellow as she dove for our friend. “She said get off.” Hanna kicked out and the male that had Micca went flying. They grinned at each other as Micca got up off the ground and dusted her pants. 
“Stupid fucking males.” She slipped a sword from her,back and screamed. “Let’s fucking go.” She looked like she was going to take off again, so I called out to everyone. 
“Stay together and fight as pairs.” I called out. Toya and Lynn put their backs together as Hanna and Micca did the same. I fought my way to Rowan. “Where is Garith?” I called out, searching for the man of the hour. 
Rowan spun in a quick circle. “He must have slunk away when you attacked. He must be running away or waiting for this to end.” 
I scoffed as I cut down another man. “Pathetic.” A man tried to tackle me as I jumped over him, but the blood on my hands made the blade I had slip from my grip. I spun, looking for it, but it was lost in rose petals, and grass. 
Hanna tackled someone against the makeshift walls that Shannon had the pack erect on in the field, and the pair went through it, making the entire room shake. Micca followed quickly through the same hole. I felt panic wanting to bubble until I saw the pair jump back into the room, and attack a new group o 
Someone sliced claws down my arm, and I screamed as I twisted away from the attack. Rowan bellowed my name, but I shifted my claws and attacked. The male was going for blood, his fangs bared as he swung at me. “You stupid, traitorous bitch. You should follow your grandfather’s plans. The brotherhood knows what is best for our kind.” 
I shook my head as I snapped my hand out, my claws catching his flesh, earning a moan of pain. “If you believe his lies, you are stupider than you let on. He doesn’t want our kind to flourish. He wants power. He wants to be king, but he is too weak to mile, so he is setting up the perfect puppet so he can pull the strings.” 
“Shut up, you whore. You don’t know what you are talking about.” The man shuddered as the shift took over him. I shook my head as my hand shot out. 
“You think I’m stupid, but you are the one who shifted mid–fight without enough room.” I ripped his spinal cord out, and his shift stopped. I dropped his body to the ground, spinning to the next attack. 
There was a shriek, and everyone seemed to pause for a second, unsure of what to do. “You ruined everything.” Shannon materialized behind me with a knife. She slid the silver blade into my back as I let out a howl. 
###Next D 550-
Rowan’s eyes 
shifted instantly as he ripped the heart from another guard. “Amy.” He stepped towards me, but Garith reappeared behind Shannon. He smiled as he pushed her away, taking the knife in his own hands. 
“If I were you, I would tell everyone to stop fucking moving.” Garth shoved the knife deeper inside of me, making me groan, and Rowan‘ slammed his aura out, dropping everyone but me and Garith to the ground. A power flung outwards, creating a bubble around the two of us, leaving Rowan standing outside of it. Look at your mate, granddaughter. So strong, so powerful… brought to his knees over a whore.” He snorted as lie moved me forward. He pushed me to the edge of the bubble, so close i could count the darker lines of blue in Erubus’s eyes. “Look at how helpless he is.” 
Rowan crashed against the bubble, his fist pounding on the outside. “Let her go. You can take me. Leave her out of this.” The panic in his eyes was clear to me, but he tried to hide it. I watched his emotions shutter, and then his face was cold, and calculating. 
Garith laughed. “You are smart; I will give you that. But my granddaughter here, she is my insurance.” He grinned. “Now what are we going to do?” 
Erubus faded from Rowan’s eyes. “Tell me what you want.” 
“Well, you see…I kind of have all the cards here.” Garith twisted the knife a little deeper. “You see, my lovely granddaughter is stuck with me, in here.” Garith reached another hand around and grabbed my face, earning a growl from Rowan. “She is impaled on a silver knife, and we know what that means.” 
Erubus ran out of the trees, speeding directly to Nix. MATE! 
Nix whirled and furrowed her brow. What are you doing here? Her question was through gritted teeth. I couldn’t protect them from my pain, not since she made me promise to share everything with her the last time we were dealing with Verity’s magic. 
I’m here to help you. 
Megan trotted over. How? There is silver in Amy’s body. 
So what? Erubus walked closer and rubbed against both of my wolves. 
Wolves can’t shift with silver’in their bodies. Megan bumped his shoulder. 
Erubus licked her snout. Wolves can’t, but Lycans can. He turned to face Nix. You can still shift. 
How can I shift into my wolf with his knife inside of me? It will move or tear. And it isn’t like Garith is going to sit there and wait for me to finish shifting. 
Erubus shook his head. You do not understand. 
What are you talking about? I looked back at my wolves, trying to pay attention to inside and outside. 
“Let her go.” Rowan slammed his fist on the barrier. “You can take me instead; isn’t that what you wanted to begin with?” 
die. Right 
Garith threw back his head, pulling me back with him, deeper onto the knife. “That was before I found out that this bitch already mated you and is ready to step in as the next ruler.” Garith leveled Rowan with a look. “No…I think she is goir after you.” He grinned. 
Rowan pounded on the bubble, and I saw a flash. I recognized it. This wasn’t a full shield like I did at the cabin. This was a temporary one, one that shrinks as the magic is used up. “Let her go.” Every time Rowan smashed the bubble, it shrank. Not by a lot, but enough. His eyes bored into mine, and I saw a flicker of panic. 
Lycan’s can always shift. Erubus called out again, drawing my attention. His eyes flashed towards me. Lycan’s are more 
and faster. powerful than a wolf. They can always shift. They are stronger 
I know what the books said. I called out in pain when the knife shifted. 
“Oh, no you don’t.” Garith leaned over my shoulder and pressed his face against mine. “No talking to each other’s wolves. Cai 
tur flo shi’nockta.” 
Erubus was yanked out of my mind, our bond rebounding from the magic that Garith spoke into my ear. Rowan staggered, and both of my wolves howled their pain. “What the fuck did you do?” Rowan hit the shield, causing it to flicker and shrink again. 
Garith smiled. “I did exactly what I needed to do. I stopped your wolves from crossing that pesky little bond bridge to talk to each other. This way, you can’t plan together. This is between the two of us, my king. My granddaughter is honestly just my bargaining chip.” 
Rowan snarled, his eyes flashing and teeth snapping into place. “Let her go.” 
“There you are. Erubus, king of the Lycans, the beast of the capital Garith leaned into me, pressing me against the barrier and shoving the knife further into my back, but this time I was prepared and I bit the inside of my cheek. Garith turned to me with a smirk. “Quiet as a mouse, huh? Well, let’s see what you can withstand then, granddaughter.” 
###Next D 551
He ripped the blade out of my lower back and slammed it into my shoulder. I kept my eyes on Rowan’s and my teeth firmly into the meat of my cheek to stop any sounds from escaping. 
“Oh ho. Look at you. You think that keeping quiet is going to do you any good?” Garith growled. 
Shannon snickered from where Rowan’s aura dropped her. I glanced down and saw that she had turned her face towards me so she could watch everything happening. Her eyes met mine, and she laughed. “You deserve every fucking thing you get today, Amy.” She sneered as she watched blood trail down my legs. “I can’t wait to watch you die. This will be the best mating gift anyone could have ever given me.” 
Rowan growled, and it shook my bones. He turned to face Shannon “The only reason I am not ripping your legs from your body is because I promised Amy that she would get to kill you.” He dropped to a crouch. “But mark my words. If she dies…then everyone here will become a resident of my torture chamber. And will spend the rest of my life making sure you are as broken as I am.” He grabbed her face. “Death would be too easy. I will do nspeakable things to you. I will use your own mind against you. I will make sure your mind shatters so fucking completely that you will wish that you were dead.” Shannon trembled, and then the smell of urine reached everyone’s nostrils. My mate dropped her face, disgusted. Then he stood and looked at Garith, 
the threat clear in his eyes. 
Garith just smiled. “You wouldn’t do any of that. You are too good. He laughed, but my mate just smiled as all pretense fell away from his face. I think that in that moment Garith realized Rowan wasn’t joking, because even though he tried to hide it, I smelt a whiff of fear. 
Rowan turned to look at me, and I could feel that he was about to snap. If I made a noise, he would lose the tiny bit of sanity he had left. So I mouthed the words I love you to him. I watched him shudder as the meaning hit him. His eyes bored into mine, and I blew him a kiss. I wasn’t afraid to die; I was afraid that this would break my mate. I pressed one of my hands against the bubble and waited until his hand met mine on the other side. His gaze trailed all over my face, as if he were memorizing it. I mouthed one more word to him. One thing that meant the world to me. Carly. He nodded. 
Garith chuckled, covering his fear with weak amusement. “Saying goodbye already, granddaughter?” He nudged me, shifting the blade, but I held my pain inside. “Pathetic.” He ripped the blade from my back and pulled me away from the edge of the bubble, causing me to stumble. “I think this will be a better position. I want to see both of your faces.” Garith swung around the front of me and slammed the knife into my stomach. He hooked his arm around my shoulder and pulled me back, close to the edge of the shield. “Yes, this is perfect. I can see both of your faces. He chuckled as he leaned in and sniffed me. “I will say…you surprise me, Amy. You changed your scent so fully, I would have only assumed you were an omega if I had never seen your face before.” 
Rowan hit the shield, pulling both of our attentions back to him. I stared know what it was, but I felt it. “Let her go.” 
my mate, and something clicked inside of me. I don’t 
Garith tsked him. “Now, why would I do that?” He grabbed my face as he twisted the knife. “We already know she is dead. She has been stabbed too many times with the knife. Even if you wanted to save her, you can’t.” Garith’s face was triumphant. 
Rowan chuckled darkly. “If she dies…so does everyone here.” 
Garith pulled his arm from me. “I still get what I want.” He shrugged as his hand slid the knife from my stomach. “You will be too shattered to lead, and the brotherhood will ensure my son takes his rightful place as king.” 
golden hue I was used to. What’s wrong? Rowan opened his mouth to say something, but Nix shoved at the barrier between us. I turned to her, and I froze. Nix? She looked rabid. Her mouth was dripping with drool, and her eyes were…red. Gone was th Erubus told us, I just didn’t understand until now. Her eyes met mine, and I saw something new there. Power unlike any I had seen before. Lycan’s can always shift Amy. Her face was moving, her snout growing smaller. I watched with confusion as she pushed past me. 
###Next D 552
Chapter 552 
I felt 
my skin ripple as she pushed me back. Rowan growled so loud, everyone turned to him. They thought he was freaking out because Garith had raised the knife to plunge directly into my hear. He watched my mate’s face greedily as he moved closer to the bubble. “I’m doing her a favour. You know that, right? A final gift to my very own granddaughter. To save her from the suffering of a slow and painful death from silver poisoning.’ 
“If you lay one finger on her, I swear to the goddess, you won’t be found for years to come.” 
Garith seemed to freeze. “What do you 
mean?” 
“I mean I will take you, and chain you somewhere dark, and cold. I will feed you enough to keep you alive, but I will cut your fucking tongue out so you can’t whisper your fucking magic to anyone. There will be no one to save you, not even your fucking whore of a daughter.” Rowan spun, and his hand shot out, catching Verity by the throat. 
Her hand trembled around the silver blade, but Rowan squeezed until she dropped it. Her hands scrambled for purchase around his fingers. “Rowan, please.” She begged. 
“While everyone is distracted, my love, cast the spell for concealment.” My eyes darted to the side where I could hear my grandmother’s voice. I saw Garith shake his head, as if he heard a fly near his ear. “Hurry before my spell breaks in here. Conceal what Nix is doing, project your hurt body before Nix starts to shift.” Garith shook his head. “Now, Amy!” 
“Ib cor nit sha plugh corfa.” The spell settled around my shoulders as I felt the first joint crack. 
“Stay silent, little one. They see what you want them to see, but if you make a noise, the spell will shatter.” With a soft kiss, she was gone. 
Garith turned to me, and I watched as he checked all around me. “What are you playing at, girl?” His voice was low, but I stayed 
silent, biting through my flesh and swallowing the blood that filled 
“Father!” Verity panicked as her face turned bright red. Rowan was allowing the tiniest bit of air into her lungs, allowing her to beg. Keeping the attention from me. 
“You can kill her if you want; it won’t save your mate.” Garith sneered. “She means nothing to me. Just another disappointment, and like I said, Amy is already dead.” He chuckled as he looked me over one more time before turning back to face Rowan. “I’m actually saving everyone the pain of watching her wither away.” He grinned as Verity paled. 
“Father!” She clawed at Rowan’s hands. “You can’t mean that.” He snorted. “I’m your daughter.” 
“Of course I mean it!” He went to grab me, but I shifted back, afraid of what he would feel. “She is my granddaughter….if I can kill her, why would you think that your death matters to me?” 
“But I follow you.” She cried. “I did everything you asked of me.” 
“And yet you failed every fucking test I gave you. Your sisters had more fucking potential, and they weren’t even mine.” Garith shook his head in disgust. Then he turned back to me and waved me closer. “Come here willingly, or I will make it worse for you.” I rolled my eyes but stepped beside him. I watched as he raised the knife to my heart and placed the tip there, turning back to Rowan with a smirk. “If I pushed even a little, she would be at peace.” Rowan growled, but that just made him grin more and press the knife harder into my skin, earning a drip of blood. 
“I will kill her.” Rowan looked a little crazed as he watched the blood bloom on my chest. 
“Do it. And I will cut the heart of your beloved before this shield fails.” Garith pressed harder into my chest, but Nix was stretching. Something shifted, my eyes sharpened, niy nose tingled with the scent of blood, everything was different. 
“Do it.” I whispered to Rowan. 11 
His eyes met mine, and I pressed him to understand. His eye color flickered between stormy gray and the ice blue of Erubus. Amy…” 
Garith turned to me with a grin. “You want to die?” 
I shrugged. “You said it yourself. I’m already dead.” I turned my head towards him. “At least this way I get to watch Verity die.” I grinned as he snarled at me. 
Garith whirled as Rowan tightened his hand, and Verity started to choke. “Are you really going to fucking push me right now? I 
Rowan.” have her heart in my fucking hands right now, 
Rowan glanced at me, and I nodded. “Do it.” 
He turned back to stare at Garith as he slowly tightened his hand. Verity went from choking to completely silent; all the air was cut off. Her face cycled through the new colours as she hit, kicked and fought for her life. 
But Rowan squeezed until a sharp crack was heard. Verity slumped. “I swear I will cut her fucking heart out.” Garith screamed as he turned towards me, the knife pressing into my chest. But he froze when he looked down to find his heart already in my hand. He coughed once, blood pouring from his lips. “How?” 
I dropped my concealment spell and watched as his eyes grew wide. I was still short for a Lycan at six foot seven, but my black fur covered my wolfman body, and my fangs glistened in my snout “Lycans can always shift.” 
Then, I ripped his heart back through his chest and dropped it on the ground. 
###Next D 553
Chapter 553 
Vince and Brandon looked at Garith’s dead body, and I could see the panic in their eyes. The bubble burst as Garith gave his final shuddering breath. I stepped up to Rowan and licked his face. He led a brow, and I just shrugged. “I don’t know how to shift back, and I wanted to kiss you.” He threw his head back, laughing held out my hand. “I need your phone.” 
He slid it from his pocket and handed it to me. It was my turn to raise my eyebrow. “What?” 
I raised my clawed hands. “A little hard to dial here.” 
He looked from his phone to my hands and then back to my face. “Right…who?” 
“My father first.” 
Vince opened his mouth, but it was Morgan who screamed. “What the fuck did you just say?” 
I turned to look at the pale man on the ground. “I’m calling my father.” 
Vince shuddered but then rallied. “He’s dead.” 
“I think you overestimated my death there, Vince.” My father’s voice rang out over the speaker. He sounded exhausted. “My King…is everything okay?” 
“I wanted him to call you.” I stepped closer to the phone. “How is it on your end?” 
He sighed. “We are still in the caves. They ran deeper, and we are chasing them. What about you?” 
I looked down at the bodies at our feet. “Verity and Garith are dead Vince, Brandon, Shannon and Morgan are subdued for now.” 
“Are you going to kill them?” 
I looked at Rowan, but he just shrugged. “It’s your choice, mate. Ru says to kill them, but he just wants you safe.” 
I turned back to them and I smirked. “I haven’t made the decision yet…” Shannon whimpered, which made me smirk. 
“You can’t.” Vince’s voice sounded stronger than it should have in this precarious situation. 
I turned back to him and tilted my head ign confusion. “And why not?” 
“Because you already have us under control. The accords of the council say-” 
“Say fucking nothing,” Rowan screamed. I turned, surprised to see him so agitated. “The council is over, their power gone, and their accords are in the trash. They lost all power the moment they went behind my father’s back and colluded with Garith to kill the Lycans, my family and my mate.” He took a step closer to Vince and dropped low enough to look him in the eye. “You have no standing, no backing, and you are charged with treason, murder, and conspiracy. Your life was forfeit the moment you agreed to work with Garith.” 
Vince paled. “You can’t make that decision.” 
“I AM THE KING!” Rowan roared, and everyone on the ground trembled. 
There was silence for a few seconds before my dad started to chuckle. “I am the king.” My dad mimicked my mate. “So scary.” Rowan snorted as he turned to the phone. 
“You are lucky you are now my father ion law, Gav.” 
“Oh, I know.” I could hear the grin in my father’s voice. “How do you feel, pup?” 
I pretended to hesitate. “I don’t know. I feel like it’s possible that they might have been spelled.” I heard a confused intake of breath. 
“We were.” Shannon screamed. Then she started to cry. “He used magic to get us to follow him. I’m so sorry, Amy. You are my sister, and I love you so much. Everything that happened between Brandon and me was all Garith’s idea…to break you.” 
1/2 
Chapter 552 
+25 BONUS 
Brandon was staring at her with confused eyes, I picked at my nails if I was trying to figure out what to do and waited for Brandon to follow suit. “Shamon is right. You were my mate, and be used me to hurt you. I have loved you all my life. Shannon was just a mistake, one I never would have made by choice.” 
My father scoffed. “You have to be kidding me.” 
Vince took the cue to jump in. “Gavin, we used to be friends.” That was news to me. “We were so close growing up.” The thought that my father and Vince being friends didn’t sit right. “You know I would have never agreed to this without your father forcing me.” 
Morgan was the only one who remained silent. I turned to him and lifted a brow. “What about you?” 
I watched him think about what he was going to say, and then he shook his head. I had the feeling that Morgan was going to tell the truth for once. So I turned back to watch the other’s faces. Shannon had a slight smirk on her lips; she really thought she was convincing with her bullshit. “I did it all because I wanted your mother. I wanted her not only because she was beautiful but because I was hoping she would give me a son. One strong enough to kill Brandon and take this pack.” Shannon’s face fell. But Morgan looked into my eyes. “I loved your mother in my own way. When she turned her back on me, I was angry, but I realize now I deserved it. You should kill us.” 
###Next D 554
“Daddy!” Shannon whined, but I held up my hand. 
“Well… that was unexpected and actually refreshing.” My father’s voice was icy. “But Ainsley is my mate, and you will never get the chance to see her again.” 
Morgan seemed to shut down at the thought, but he just nodded. air. Can you do me one small favor though, Alpha Maclean?” The soft respect in his voice was even more surprising than his words. 
“Maybe.” My father’s voice was still hard. 
“Can you just tell her I’m sorry…for everything.” My eyebrows raised in surprise. 
“Fine.” There was an enormous boom over the call. 
“Daddy?” I grabbed for the phone as a loud crack that I felt in my bones rippled on his side, then there was the sound of falling rocks. “Daddy!” I called again, and I watched as a smile spread over Vince’s face. “Talk to me.” 
I heard a few coughs, and then my father’s voice sounded worried. Explosive! Get out of the caves now. Evacuate now. Baby, I have to go. The caves are collapsing.” The call ended, and I just stared at the phone as if it would change. Like the call would somehow pick back up and his voice would be there. 
Shannon snickered. “Oh, well.” 
I turned to her, and I smiled. “Amusing, isn’t it?” 
Her face froze. “What?” 
“It’s funny that my pack is in danger once again, right? That your plan has failed, and your life is in my hand, but listening to others potentially die is quite fun, isn’t it?” 
She scoffed. “I never said that.” 
I walked over to Vince and picked him up by his throat. “You didn’t have to, Shannon. You snickered while you listened to me call after my father. Pretty pointed, don’t you think?” Vince choked. 
“I’m not her father. It doesn’t really hit the same way.” Vince tried to explain. “If you are going to kill someone to make a point …it should be Morgan.” 
I smiled. “Who said we were going to kill you?” I turned to Rowan Can you release them?” 
He tilted his head. “What are you thinking?” 
A slow smile spread across my face. “I’m just returning every favour that they did to me.” Rowan waited for another second before he nodded. I felt his aura drop away. There was a second of relief before I dropped all of my pretense. I allowed my power 
to roll out like a wave. 
In Rowan’s aura, they were treading water. They could speak but not move. Once his aura was gone, they started to get to their shaky feet. From one breath to the next, they were slammed back into the ground, but this time they were silent. 
“Fuck.” Rowan staggered under my power and landed on one knee. His face turned from surprise to devotion. “This is all of your power, your aura?” I nodded. “Goddess, that is sexy.” 
I threw my head back and laughed. “What?” 
He pressed his hands into the grass, and pushed himself to his feet Then, he slowly made his way over to my side. “Your power… is sexy.” 
dropped Vince to the ground in a heap as I turned to my mate. “You aren’t intimidated?” 
It was Rowan’s turn to laugh. “Insecure men get intimidated by strong mates…and I am not insecure.” He looked at me as he stepped close. “Your power…your strength? It will protect my pups my pack. That is the sexiest thing I have ever seen.” He slid 
1/3 
Chapter 54 
+25 BONUS 
his hand up iny neck and cupped my face. “I love you, Amy.” Then he leaned in and kissed me. 
It took a second for his words to hit me. His lips moved over mine til my brain caught up with what he said and fell in love with him all over again. My hands wrapped around his back, and issed him back until I heard a snicker. I pulled away and turned, finding Toya. She raised her hands. “While I love that you two finally figured everything out. Seriously, watching you two orbit each other but never connect was a hard thing to sit through.” Hanna and Micca both nodded, “Watching you two make out while everyone else is stuck on the ground is funny. But on you pull it back so I can get up?” 
I jumped back, earning more snickers. “Sorry.” I reeled in some of my power. “Get up and get into a line.” I aimed it at everyone who followed Garith and allowed Toya and the girls to stand and stretch. I watched as Vince and Brandon both tried to fight the command, but I wasn’t actively hurting them, so there was no way to resist it. 
“What are you fucking doing?” Brandon snarled as he stumbled over to the line. 
“I already told you…just returning the favor.” I heard a few snarls, But I walked to the front, pulling Rowan with me. “Now follow me.” I started walking, stepping over the bodies we left behind us. 
“Where are we going?” Shannon called. 
“You’ll see.” I called back. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 555
I walked through the pack lands to a semi–hidden building. Closeough to see the previously empty mate clearing, which now held the makeshift building for Shannon’s mating ceremony. I felVince stumble behind me. I turned with a smile. “What’s wrong?” 
“How?” His voice was low. 
“How what?” I grinned as I turned back and continued walking, pulling everyone along with an invisible string. My power tugged them along, even though Vince was fighting the pull. 
“How do you know about this place?” He stumbled again, fighting with everything he had. 
I spun at the door and stared at him. “Do you know what happens when a person is wolf and Lycan, Vince?” My question confused him; it seemed. He stared up at my wolfman face, and I watched as he tried to figure it out. 
“They obviously have a lot of power.” I nodded. 
I looked at Rowan. How do I shift out of this form? 
His smile was a flash. It was there and then gone. His voice floated into my mind and caressed me. Like any other shift. You just have to allow Nix to recede. Once you became mated, and Nix unlocked this form, it will be easier and easier to shift into. She 
can choose as she wants. 
Nix pulled back. This will become handy in training. 
“We do…but there is another fact that is very unknown.” Megan pushed forward, and I felt my skin ripple. I stared at his face as I shrank. My six foot seven frame shrank until I was in Megan’s shifted form. 
“No.” His trembled as he stared at me. 
“Oh, yes.” Megan shook out her fur. 
“You have got to be fucking kidding me.” Brandon snarled. 
Megan turned and lifted a brow. “Not at all. I know it is so hard to believe that I wasn’t as stupid as you thought I was, but here we are.” 
Shannon turned to look at Brandon. “What?” Brandon fumed for a second and then laughed. “What are you laughing at?” 
“Because we were playing checkers while Amy was playing chess. She was always steps ahead.” Brandon flung his arm out. “We caught this wolf watching as we tried to drain one kid. We kept her in the cells here. She got away.” 
“Not just that…” I shifted back to my human body. “You taunted me…remember. You came in daily to torture me mentally. All because?” I turned to Vince. “Because your father had become obsessed with my wolf form.” I tilted my head. “You were so disgusted with me.” I turned back to Brandon. “Which is actually hilarious…since Megan, my wolf, was your fated mate.” 
The words hung there. “What? No, I was mated to Nix.” 
I laughed. “No. Never. You were too weak to have been mated to Nix. Rowan was always Nix’s fated mate. He became Megan’s second–chance mate. Thankfully, thankfully the goddess always had a plan. But you were her fated mate.” 
He grimaced in disgust. Vince lifted an eyebrow. “She was a gamma. I felt her power.” 
I nodded. “That she is. Nix is my alpha. But it shows something, doesn’t it?” 
“What?” He looked confused. 
“Alphas are mated to someone similar in rank. So that they can support each other. Brandon mated a gamma…and chose someone unranked.” I turned to face Brandon. “It just shows how weak he truly is. He couldn’t even match a beta. Morgan would have won easily. If he had gotten his way and had a boy with my mom. The Oakenfang pack would have been overtaken.” I turned back to the door. “But that doesn’t matter anymore.” I grabbed the handle and opened it. I stepped in, and the scent hit 
me first. Old blood, my blood, hit me in a wave. Burned flesh. Urine 
Everyone (iled in. My friends seemed to shiver as the scents wash over them, but Rowan’s growl filled the room when he stepped in. “This is where they held you?” He looked down the hallway of cells. “Why didn’t I notice this place until we were right outside?” 
I nodded as I grabbed the keys from the wall. “This place is spelled No one really looks this way until they’re brought here. Otherwise, your gaze skips it.” I shrugged. “When I was in here, I was pissed. But now it serves a purpose.” I went down the line and unlocked every cell. Then I turned to the group: “Welcome to your new home.” 
I pushed the guards into a few of the cells. I did them in pairs, which thankfully worked since there were only a few left alive after the fighting. Then Morgan and Vince in one, and then Brandon and Shannon in the last one. I slammed the last cell closed, and Shannon charged the door, the silver bars burning her flesh, and she shrieked. “You can’t be fucking serious.” 
I grinned. “Oh, I am. I endured it…so can you.” Shannon’s face snarled but then, like a light switch, it changed to a grin. Then she started laughing. “What is so funny?” 
She came back to the front of the cell. “You can lock us away all you want, but it doesn’t change the fact that your father probably died in those caves, and your mother is sitting at a cabin being attacked by the rest of the brotherhood. And you have been wasting your time here.” 
###Next D 556
Her words hit exactly as she had planned. I turned and sprinted from the cells with her laughter following me. My mind was spinning, Garith’s words so easily forgotten in the moment, but now crystalized in my mind. They were attacking the cabin. My mom, my pup. I let out a growl that built in my throat as my mind went through worst–case scenarios. 
Please don’t let them be hurt. I prayed to the moon goddess as I ra Rowan and the girls trailed after ine. I headed towards the forest, but it was Toya’s voice that cut through my panic. “Amy.” She screamed in a way that had my legs stumbling, and the spiral I was in froze. 
I stopped instantly, and my friends crowded around me. “What?” 
Toya stepped in front of me. “You are panicking, and I understand. Your mom and your pup are in that cabin.” Her words mimicked my own thoughts just seconds before. I felt my body tense to keep running, but her hand shot out. “But you aren’t thinking clearly. We need a plan. A way to get there.” I stared at the trees for a second before I pivoted and started running toward the pack house, and the streets beyond it. “Amy!” she called after me, but I kept running. I was stupid. 
“Where are you going?” Rowan caught up to me. 
“To my closet.” He stumbled a step but followed me without question. 
I ran to the house I used to live in and slammed my power outward shattering the spells I had in place as I barreled through the door. I ran up the stairs, shattering the next spell. Rowan followed me, trusting me. “Shouldn’t we be getting into a car or something?” 
Toya laughed behind him. “Or something.” I ripped the closest door open and ran to the back of the closest. 
I slammed the last door open and stepped into darkness. I heard a few sniffles as I stumbled through the closest and opened the far door. Light swept through the closest at the cabin, and Carly and Abby screamed. I whirled to find the two pups hidden behind my clothes. “Baby girl?” I dropped to the ground and pushed the clothes away from the two shivering pups. “What’s wrong?” 
Carly launched herself into my arms. Abby followed behind her. I was wrapped in four tiny arms as they cried. “They surrounded the cabin. Nana Ainsley told us to hide up here.” 
I pulled back and wiped their faces. “You are okay. Stay here. Close the doors, and if anyone comes near here that isn’t us, go through the door and shut it. Do you understand?” 
Carly nodded and slid her back against the wall again. Abby hiccuped as she stared at me. “Please save my mommy and daddy.” 
“What do you mean, sweetheart? They should be safe in the cabin. I looked at everyone before my eyes landed on Carly. 
Her eyes were white, and I knew she was having a vision. “You must hurry. The world is about to break. If you can’t defeat the darkness and weave anew, then all is lost. The shaman is vulnerable, and if she is found before you are ready, then all wolf kind will be at the precipice of extinction. The humans circle, ready to follow the clues. Be wary of death wrapped in love.” Her eyes cleared, and a single tear escaped. “Mama Amy. I’m scared.” I pulled her back to me and hugged her. 
“It’s going to be okay, baby girl. I got you.” I pulled back so I could run my hand through her hair. “Do you believe me?” Carly nodded. I turned to Abby. “I promise I will do everything I can to make sure that everyone is safe. Okay?” Abby wiped the tears streaming down her face, and she gave me a tight nod. “Okay. Get back against the wall and remember what I said. If anyone that isn’t us, or anyone from the cabin comes up here, you run, okay?” I kissed both of them. “As long as I am alive, I will find you.” I took a second to cast a tracking spell on them both. “This is temporary, but I promise after all of this is done. I will make something more permanent. I will always find you.” Worry pooled in my stomach as I stood and pulled the clothes back over them. Then I turned, everyone following me down the stairs. I was halfway down the stairs when I felt it. I screamed as my body felt as if it was being ripped apart, and I fell the rest of the way down the stairs. 
“Amy!” I slammed into the front door as snarls reached my ears. Rowan rushed to my side, but I waved him off. “What happened?” 
Carly’s words echoed in my ears. “The world is about to break.‘ I looked up in horror as I heard a scream rip through the air. ” The shield shattered.” 
###Next D 557
Rowan helped me up from the floor, and I ripped the front door open to find chaos. There were at least fifty rogues, and they had my family surrounded. My mother was holding her own. She was sanding in her wolfman form, swinging at a few rogues that were trying to surround her, as the others Rick, Shelly, Ternin, and Alannah were standing together with their backs to each other, swinging at anyone that got close. Alannah was bleeding from her arm, but she was still holding her own. 
I started running for them, as did everyone else, and I felt Nix push forward, shifting my body to our wolfman form. The first man I reached for was clueless. They weren’t expected to be attacked from behind. His yelp as I ripped his arm from the socket had the next few spinning. 
“More are attacking from the back!” One rogue called as we reached the back of the pack. I fought towards my mother, Rowan working beside me. Toya and the girls followed the path we made through the men until we ended up in the middle with everyone else. 1 
“Mom,” I called, and she turned. She nodded once before turning back to the fight at hand.” 
“Amy!” Rick called as two rogues tackled him. “Protect Shelly.” ignored his demand as I kicked the first rogue off of him and snapped the neck of the second. I caught the tip of a dagger, hissing as Rowan struck out, slicing through the next of the man that had cut me. 
“I got you.” I pulled him from the ground and pushed him back towards his mate as I turned again. I heard another scream, and I spun, but a rogue jumped in my way. “Rowan, save her!” I pointed to Alannah, who was kicking out at two men, as another had his arm around her throat. He nodded once after a brief hesitation, then he was gone. 
I swung, catching the man by surprise, slicing down his arm, but he was fast. He kept dodging every hit. He wasn’t even attacking, just doing his best to dodge my attacks. 
Something clicked in my mind, and I spun, barely catching the rogue slicing a sword towards my back. I had just enough time to swing a leg, catching the man in the stomach and sending him spinning into the group of rogues. I heard one scream as the sword sliced through his leg and he went down. Blood arced up as he fell back, catching my face. “You stupid bitch.” The first rogue snarled behind me, and I jumped, watching the man dive for where I was just a second ago. I landed on his back with a crunch, my wolf–man form bigger and heavier than normal. I slashed down as I hit the ground, severing his neck at the base. His body went limp as I jumped away, turning to the next attack. 
Attack after attack, men and women- it didn’t matter, they just kept coming. There was no rest, no way to take a breath. I was surrounded by blood, gore, screaming and death. So much death. I tried to see how many rogues were left, but two attacked at 
once. 
I ducked as one swung at my head, but I was tired. The second one tackled me to the ground, and I grunted as I hit the dirt. The one that tackled me crawled up and perched on top. She was young surprisingly so. Her red hair was pulled back in a tight braid, but I recognized her face. The hair was different, but the cruel, knowing smirk on her face was familiar. 
“Thora.” I growled as she punched my side. 
Her eyes widened at the mention of her name. “Who are you?” She growled as she struck me again. “And how do you know my name?” 
I felt Nix recede. She was exhausted, and she couldn’t hold on to her wolf–man form. It takes too much energy. 
You aren’t supposed to shift when we are in danger. I called back, a little perturbed. 
She chuckled softly. Thora isn’t strong enough to hurt you. 
Megan trotted over to Nix. Foolish female. It only takes one fluke. 
Thora snarled as my shifting finished. “It’s you.” She swung her fist at my face, but I caught her hand. 
I smiled up at her. “What are you doing here?” 
She screamed in my face. “It’s your fucking fault I’m here. You turned me away when I had done nothing wrong. I wanted to be 
1/3 
Chapter 557 
+25 BONUS 
your friend, so I turned my back on Nina and the council that backed her.” 
I frowned. “So you decided to join the rogues and attack us…because I didn’t want to be your friend? Come on Thora. Stop making excuses for yourself.” 
She tilted her head and giggled. Her eyes flashed to her wolf. “Ning told her uncle about how I turned, so he targeted my pack, my family. Our alpha sold us to Garith. And Garith needed females to keep the men happy. My sisters, my mother, all dead at their hands. I only survived because I bit my attacker’s tongue: You are the reason my entire family is dead, Amy. And I’m going to fucking kill you.” 
###Next D 558
She screamed as she swung at me. “Thate you.” I caught her hand and bucked her off of my hips. The male stood over top of us, tried to kick out, but I rolled. I heard a snarl and a slashing claw coming for my face before I spun to the left. Thora’s claws drove into the dirt. “You think you are so good, so powerful. But in the e, you condemned innocent people to death.” 
I rolled onto my hands and knees and pushed up. “You can lie to yourself all you want, but I’m not stupid.” Hér face fell as she pulled her hand from the ground. 
“What the fuck are you talking about?” She shrieked as she stood. 
“You never wanted to be my friend.” I shook my head as she circled me with the male. “You sat with me and fed me bullshit lies about Nina. I knew you were her puppet from the first day. I said nothing because I wanted to see what you were trying to do.” 
She seemed to stumble at my words. “You knew?” 
I laughed as I shifted my claws. “Of course I knew. I saw you and Nina talking multiple times.” The male darted in, but I struck first. My claws swept up as he kicked, connecting to the soft flesh of his inner thigh. He yelped as he spun away, blood pooling under him. I’might have nicked the femoral artery with that swipe. “You two thought you were secretive, but I knew by the end of the day.” 
“You’re lying.” She swiped at me but I dodged back. 
“I’m not. I saw you the same day behind the bleachers by the field. Ring a bell?” I watched her face cycle through emotions faster than she could even feel them. “Yeah, I saw you.” I shook my head. “I just let you think I didn’t know. But I never turned 
you away. I just stopped answering you. So anything that happened to your family, to you, wasn’t on me.” 
“It’s still your fault.” She swung again, less controlled than her last. G 
“No.” I dodged her increasingly frantic attacks. “You did it to yourself. You followed Nina’s orders and came to my table.” I swung once, catching her cheek drawing blood. “Nina was the one who went to the council.” I swung again, causing her to stumble. The male darted in, but I kicked back and caught him between the legs. He dropped as Thora swung wildly, and I kicked out. She slid a few feet away. “And Nina was the one that convinced the council to get rid of you and your family. Probably because you were loose ends, and she was still trying to cover herself.” 1 
Thora pushed to her feet and charged me. “She would never do that to us. We were best friends. We were raised together.” She started swiping at my face. 
I kept backing away, dodging each attack. “And yet your family ended up with the rogues, and Nina was safe and sound. I don’t have the ability to convince the council to do anything, but guess who does.” I kicked out again, but I caught her arm, so she didn’t fly off. “Your friend tossed your entire family away like trash, just the keep herself safe.” I punched her in the face. “You have no one but yourself to blame.” 
“Shut up.” 
“You know I liked you, Thora.” I hit her again. “I would have been your friend, and I would have done my best to save your family. But you worked with Nina. And you condemned your family to their graves. You don’t get to blame me.” I kicked her one more time, and let her fly across the field. 
I turned to the male that had finally got up and swiped at my back. blocked his arm with my own. Then, I flipped my arm around to grab his wrist before he could pull away. He swung his other arm, and I did the same. We circled as he tried to get the upper hand. He leaned in to snap his fangs at my throat, but I just pulled back and head–butted his nose. 
“Fuck.” He bellowed as his blood coated my face, my eyes. We were still struggling with each other when I heard a scream. 
“AMY! BEHIND YOU.” Wendy was close, but I could hear the panic in her voice because she wasn’t close enough. I spun, feeling something hit us, and we went tumbling. The impact made me lose my breath, and I felt nails scratching at my chest. The male on top of me was wheezing, and then he screamed once, and then stopped. 
I fought to push the male off of me, wriggling to the side to squeeze out, but Thora was there, already swinging for my neck. But Rowan’s claws caught her first, ripping her in half, and sending her top half to the side. He grabbed for me as the body rolled 
free, a giant hole in his chest. 
“She ripped his spine out, but she was aiming for you.” 
###Next D 559
Chapter 559 
I barely had time to register what had happened before the next attack hit. Rowan was already pushing me out of the way and meeting the three attackers. I was following when I heard someone scream, “No!” Ternen’s voice was desperate. 
46 
I whirled to find two men with their arms wrapped around Alannal and pulling her away. Ternen struggled to reach her. Ternen!” She screamed for her mate. I felt a pit open in my stomach. Something was screaming at me to run. I looked back at my mate, who was holding his own, and I made my decision. 
Iran. 
I ran straight for my friends. The ones that weren’t strong enough to protect themselves and I prayed to the Moon Goddess that I wasn’t making the wrong choice. 
I wove through the battles still raging around me. “Alannah, Terner!” I screamed for the two omegas. Ternen, met my eyes, and I could see the relief in his eyes when he saw I was coming for them. He broke free from the main body of the battle and was chasing the two that held his mate. 
Why are they dragging her into the woods? Megan sounded confused. 
Nix growled. I don’t even want to know. Let’s just get there. 
I agreed and kept moving. I was almost out of the battle, so close to the edge, but someone grabbed my hair, yanking me off my feet. “You’re not going anywhere.” A male snarled in my face as I was falling, his fangs snapping as I hit the ground. “Running away? Pathetic.” He lifted his foot to stomp down on me, but I rolled. I heard another scream, and I knew I had to hurry. 
“I don’t have time for you.” I sprang up and sliced out with my claws. 
The male dodged and laughed. “I watched you eviscerate my brother. So you will have to forgive me if I don’t give a flying fuck what you have time for.” He snarled as he swiped at my face. 
“Boohoo.” I shot back. “You came to my house and attacked my people. I don’t care who the fuck I killed protecting my own.” I snarled as I felt my face start to shift but I pulled back my wolves. I would only waste more time, and put myself at risk. I kept dodging his attacks, but he caught my side, and I screamed. “Stupid fucker.” 
He laughed. “I may be a stupid fucker, but we outnumber you five to one. You think any of you are going to make it out of this alive?” He sliced my arm again. 
I growled as i shook off the pain in my arm. “Look around idiot. We have cut your numbers more then half.” I tossed out my hurt arm flinging blood over the ground. “You are all dying for a cause theat is already over. Garith is dead. Vince and his followers are in cells. And here you are, fighting the good fight. FOR NOTHING.” I screammed the last part and I watched him stumble. 
“You’re lying.” He snarled but he took a quick look around. “There is no way Garith is dead.” 
I grinned. “Oh I’m sure he’s dead. I ripped his head out of his chest less then an hour ago.” His eyes narrowed at me. “I’m sure you can even smell his blood on me, if you ever got close enough to check.” 
“You’re just fucking lying.” He screamed at me. “The brotherhood lives.” 
“The brotherhood is fucking over! The council is eradicated; its power is gone. Garith and his whore daughter are lying back at Vince’s pack with their blood coating the grass. Vince and his spawn are in cells, and if I don’t go back, they will starve.” I paused as he snarled. “Oh, and your little settlement in the caves, gone. Explosives I hear.” I pushed joy onto my face, pretending like my panic about the caves never existed. 
He screamed and charged at me. He slammed his fist into my face and I heard my nose break, blood pouring from it. His eyes brightened when he saw more blood, and he dove for me. I launched myself back, flipping backwards to stay out of his reach. I kicked out with a scream, catching his chin. I landed with a stagger the pain in my side making my eyes flicker to black for a second. I took a breath to steady myself, and I turned to face my attacker, only to see him on the ground. I hobbled over and looked down. His eyes were open, head twisted in a weird way. 
You must have snapped his neck when you caught him with your foot. Nix stretched near the barrier. Good. 
Megan snorted. Lucky more like it. 
I felt my lip turn up, and then a soul–wrenching scream ripped through the air. The kind of scream that was more emotional pain than physical. The kind of scream that only someone who had lost everything could make. And the only thought I had was… 
Alannah. 
###Next D 560
Chapter 560 
I turned and sprinted for the trees. I didn’t see where they went in and I panicked 
T 
as I ran. 
Calm yourself. Nix pushed forward. I’m tired, not crippled. I can still smell them. I nodded silently as I ran. I made it to the trees, and I smelled blood. To the left. 
“No, no, no, no, no, no.” I wove through the trees looking for signs of my friends. The blood scent was getting stronger. I shook my head, trying to cycle through the smells, but I couldn’t. “Nix!” called; I needed her to tell me what I was smelling, But before she even opened her mouth, I pushed through a bush and found a body. 
Who is that? Megan pressed closer to the barrier trying to scent the body, but I knew who it was. 
“It’s Steve.” My mind flashed to my first year of school. His cockiness, and then his apology, obviously meant nothing now. I stared down at his face, once someone I might have considered handsome if he hadn’t opened his mouth, now a mess of flesh and claw marks. 
That is someone I haven’t thought about for years. Nix chuffed. But you can’t stand here and mourn a man who did this to himself. You have people to look for. 
My wolf was right. No reason to cry over someone who condemned himself to death when he chose to move against my family, my mate. “Some people never learn.” I shook my head, and then I started running again. “I don’t know where I’m going.” 
Keep running straight. I think I hear something up ahead. Nix nodded forward to I ran. I heard whimpers long before I was close enough to do anything. I pressed myself to run fast, but Nix pulled me back. Go slow. Don’t get yourself killed. I slowed down, and the scent of blood grew thick again. The whimpering I heard grew louder as I pushed past a bush. Oh, goddess, no. Nix’s voice had me slowing. 
What it is? I whispered in my mind. I crept closer to the whimpers, and I heard a deep chuckle. 
“Come on, be good.” A dark voice called out, and the whimpering turned to sobs. 
It’s, it’s… Nix threw her head back and let out a mourning call. 
It was Megan’s scream that had me freezing. STOP! 
What? 
If you push through that bush, you are as good as dead. I can feel it. Megan shook her head. Circle the clearing to the right. But move silently. Any sound will draw his attention. 
I can’t keep going slow, you two. I need to save Ternen and Alannah. 
I know, but just do as I said and we can. Megan looked to Nix, who was still calling to the moon. But I was on the move. I slowed further, picking my foot placement perfectly to make zero noise. 
“Now.” I heard jingling, like metal hitting metal. 
Can you cast magic in your mind? Nix finally turned back to me. Her voice was full of sorrow but urgent. 
I don’t know. Why? 
Just try Amy. We need to move quickly. Deaden the sound. Hurry! 
I focused on my magic, and the words. I whispered them in my mind, and I felt the spell snap into place. There. 
Run. Now Amy. Straight into the clearing. 
I listened to my wolf and ran through the bushes. I stumbled through and had one second to see the scene in front of me before I screamed and dove with my claws fully extended. 
The male rogue had his pants undone, kneeling on top of Alannah fighting her clothes. He had one second to register what was happening, and another to run. He pushed up and screamed like his life was over as my claws ripped through his ribs. The snap 
of bone ricocheted around the bubble I had created as blood flew. 
His mouth coughed up blood, and he looked at me with surprise. “ou. You found us.” He coughed more blood as the light faded from his eyes. I tossed his body to the side before I looked down at him. I noticed two wounds, the one I did on his chest and one lower…on his groin. 
I heard a choking sound, and I turned to see Alannah sobbing, clutching at a rather sad–looking appendage. I dropped into a crouch at her side and grabbed it from her hand. “Hey.” I tossed it behind us. “Hey, I got you.” The wracking sobs overtook her body. “I found you.” I grabbed her hands. Then, I leaned against her stomach. I heard the sweet song of a strong, healthy heartbeat. “Your pup is safe.” 
I pulled back as she continued to sob. She wouldn’t look at me. I tried to turn her head, but she kept turning away. Finally, I turned and looked, and my heart shattered. 
She refused to look away from Ternen, and his lifeless eyes stared back at her. 
###Next D 561
Chapter 561 
I blew out a deep breath. “I’m so sorry, Alannah.” I straightened her clothes as much as I could and then I bent down and picked her up. I turned away from the bodies and started back to the cabit. As soon as I stepped out of the clearing, Alannah started to fight. 
“Put me down.” She kneed me in my side as she fought, and I dropped to the ground. 
“Fuck.” She ripped herself out of my arms and ran over to Ternen Alannah…” I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “He’s gone.” 
She dropped and laid her head on his chest. “I know.” She started cry as she tugged his blood–stained fingers around her side. “I know.” She closed her eyes for a second. “But I can’t live without him.” She shook her head as she cried. “He was my everything.” 
I walked over, my heart in my throat as I watched her mourn the life she no longer had. “I know. But everyone is still in danger at the cabin, and we can’t stay out here.” I dropped down beside them. “You have a pup…his pup to take care of.” 
She shuddered. “I can’t leave him here. I can’t leave, walk away and leave him to be eaten in the dark by animals.” She looked at me with eyes full of sorrow. “Please don’t ask that of me.” She pulled his arm tighter. “I just want to feel his arms around me again.” Tears poured from her eyes. “I want to turn back time to this morning. When I woke up in his arms and he got up to make me breakfast.” Her hand drifted to her stomach. “He was so happy about our pup.” She hiccupped. “Can you do that?” She turned to me. “Can your magic turn back time?” 
I shook my head slowly. “I am powerful…but I am not a god. I can’t bring anyone back from the dead.” She sobbed again. A broken sound that was sprinkled with her hiccups. Her pain was so raw it shot me right back to my death and the pain I felt then. I pressed my hand on top of hers on her stomach. “I know this hurts. This kind of loss rips out your heart and tosses the pieces to the wind. You don’t see the other side of the cavern that was once filled with all the love you two had. But I need you to think of Ternen, and your pup.” I felt the baby kick at our hands. “Your pup wants to live. And Ternen fought tooth and nail and gave up his life so that you two would live.” She screamed up at the sky. You are allowed to feel hollow. You are allowed to feel angry. But you are not allowed to give up.” She turned and snarled at me. I just smiled down at her. “You can hate me too if that helps. But he would want you to get up and survive.” 1 
She glared at me as her tears fell down her temples into her hair. won’t leave him.‘ 
}} 
I sighed, but I understood. I stood up and dusted off my knees. Then, I held out a hand. “Can you walk?” 
She glared up at me before turning to her mate. “I hate that you left me and our baby. I love you so much.” 
“He fought for you. For your pup. So you could live.” I crouched again. “We won’t leave him, but I need you to walk.” 
She sobbed once more before she leaned in and kissed Ternen’s mouth for the last time. “I love you to the moon and back.” She finally pulled away and grabbed my hand. “We won’t leave him?” 
I pulled her up onto her feet and steadied her. Then I pulled her into my arms and gave her another moment to collect herself. ” We won’t.” She pulled away and nodded once. 
I crouched again and gathered Ternen into my arms. His eyes were still open, still empty, and that had me coughing to cover the sob that tried to break free. Before I stood, I closed his eyes, and I softly whispered to him. “You did such a good job protecting them. I promise I got them from here.” Then I pushed up, my side screaming from the extra weight. 
The silver in our blood is messing with our healing, but I will take the pain. Nix offered, but I stopped her. 
“Don’t.” The hollow feeling in my chest was almost unbearable. 
Amy…why? Megan shook her head. It’s a long way back, and you are hurt. 
I looked at my friend, the one I promised to protect, and I shook my head. I deserve the pain. I wasn’t fast enough to stop this from happening, and now she is going to have to go through everything alone. 
It’s not your fault. My wolves tried, but I just shook my head. 
I said no. Then I turned and started back to the cabin. 
###Next D 562
Chapter 562 
We broke through the tree line, and the smell of blood, meat and its hit me like a tidal wave. But it was eerily silent. The fighting, the screams it was all over. We walked through the fit, and panic started to bubble. Alannah looked over at me, and I watched her pale face register the declination. She bent over and emptied herself at our feet. I wanted to reach out, but with Ternen, I was stuck. 
“Hey, it’s okay.” I tried to calm her, but she stood on shaky legs. 
“I know; the sinell hit me, and the baby did not like it.” She wiped her lips. “I’m okay now.” I nodded once, and we started moving faster. “Where is everyone?” 
I shook my head. “I don’t know.” We gave the battlefield a wide berth. “Hello?” I screamed over the wind, spinning in a circle, looking for a sign of life. 
“Do you think everyone is dead?” Alannah looked around while I adjusted my grip on Ternen.. 
“Goddess, I hope not.” We made our way 
him once we find out what happened.” 
around the back of the house, and I placed Ternen next to Rick. “I’ll dig a grave for 
nodded as she crouched to touch his face. 
The back door opened, and I heard a tiny scream. “Momma Amy!” turned. Carly was running full speed towards us, and Rowan was following. I felt the panic ease.. 
“Baby girl.” I ran to her, and grabbed for her before she could see, but I wasn’t fast enough. 
“Uncle Ternen.” Carly slid past me. She aimed for my hurt side and outmaneuvered me so she could run straight for Alannah. ” Aunty.” She wrapped her tiny arms around Alannah and burst into tears. “I didn’t see. I would have told you. I promise I didn’t see.” She shook her head back and forth, her little pigtails bouncing from side to side. 
“This isn’t your fault, sweet pea.” Alannah sat down on the ground and pulled Carly into her lap, avoiding her bump. “This is on me.” 
“This is the Moon Goddess’s plan.” My grandmother appeared next to the graves. “I know it might not make sense. I know it hurts. But this was how it was always going to unfold.” She crouched next to Ternen. “This was exactly why she gave him to you.” 
“So he could die?” Alannah sobbed. 
“So he could save you.” My grandmother reached 
out. 
“I’m no one.” Alannah shook her head, her breath shuddering out of her. 
“You were my everything.” Ternen’s soft voice called as he appeared next to my grandmother. Alannah froze as Carly stood up, allowing her to scramble to her feet. “I love you so much; you and our pup were my very soul.” I knew what was going to happen, and I ran back to them as Alannah dove for her mate. I caught her as she passed right through him. 
“He’s not really here. It’s just his soul.” I looked over at him. “He came to say goodbye.” 
Alannah screamed once and then pushed out of my arms. I watched Ternen wince as she stepped close to him. “Take me with you.” But he shook his head. 
He walked to her, and I could see the tears trailing his face. “I can’t do that, and even if I could, I wouldn’t.” He raised his hands to hover over their baby. “Our pup is meant for amazing things.” He smiled. “And so are you. The moon goddess told me everything.” He leaned in to kiss her forehead, and she closed her eyes. 
“I feel you.” She whispered, and his grin got wider. Her eyes opened. “I can’t live without you.” 
He tilted his head. “You can, and you will.” She shook her head. “And when you meet him…love him, baby, Give him everything that you gave me. Don’t hold yourself back from loving someone else. I want you to cherish your second mate.” 
She rocked her head. “I won’t. I can’t love anyone but you.” 
1/3 
Ternen raised a hand to cup her cheek. “You will. I want you to. I don’t want you to wither in this pain, holding yourself back from life. You deserve better than that. And so does our pup.” She huddered. “I loved you in this life, and I will love you In the 
next 
She bit her lip and closed her eyes, leaning her head onto his hand. In this life and the next, my love. Until we meet again.” She shuddered. “Will I see you again?” She opened her eyes to see his watery eyes. 
Ternen opened his mouth but my grandmother beat him to it. “One more. The moon goddess has already given her blessing ” 
Alannah looked to my grandmother. “When?” 
“After the birth of your pup. The mother will give him the chance to see his pup in the flesh.” 
“Why not more?” Ternen leaned over and kissed her brow and then her lips once before stepping back. 
My grandmother walked over and kissed her brow. “Because that when his story comes to a close, but yours continues.” Then they were gone. 1 
2/3 
###Next D 563
Chapter 563 
Alannah sank back down to the ground next to her mate and took his hand. “I love you, baby.” She put her hand on her belly. “I got our pups from here on out.” She leaned over their joined hands and wailed. “I will miss you every day.” I hugged Carly closer and pulled Rowan to my side. I needed to feel my family, to know they were safe. Nix and Megan were hurting; their soft calls bounced around in my mind. I threw my head back and released a long, mournful call. 
The back door opened again, and more voices joined my call. The sad melody flew up into the sky until it faded into oblivion, chasing after Ternen’s soul on his final journey. I opened my eyes as I turned to see my mother and friends. 
My stomach unclenched as I saw my mother walk out, helping Wendy out. Toya followed, with her arm wrapped around Lynn, who for the first time since her torture started, looked happy. Lynn was limping, but the smile that stretched across her face was breathtaking. Herr eyes met mine from across the yard, and she nodded once. 
I turned back to Rowan. “Everyone else?” 
“Rick and Shelly are okay. They are just holding Abby.” He shook his head. “After you left, the two girls ran out of the cabin, and it-” 
“Scared the pants off of us.” My mother finished as she reached our side. Wendy pulled away, steadying herself on her uninjured leg, and my mother launched herself at me. “I was terrified when I saw you disappear into the woods.” She pulled back, and I watched a tear track down her face. “What were you thinking?” 
I pulled away and looked down at Alannah and Ternen. “I was trying to save my friends.” She nodded once and then crouched down next to Alannah. 
“Hey my girl.” My mom’s voice was soft, and Alannah dove into her arms. “Oh, baby.” She wrapped her arms around her, and Alannah shuddered once before she let go. She sobbed harder again. She curled her head onto my mother’s chest and released her pain. She threw her head back and screamed about the injustice. 
“It’s not fair.” She shook with tears. “He wanted these pups so much, and now he doesn’t get to be in their lives.” She pulled back, eyes puffy. “How is this justice? How is this right?” She tried to turn back to her mate, but my mother grabbed her face. 
“Life isn’t fair, Lan. Life is probably the most unfair thing about the world. We don’t get to choose when we are born, nor when we die. Nothing is promised. Not rank, not safety, but the moon goddess promises is one thing. A soul mate who will love us. Some,” she looked up at me. “Some need a second shot to find that feeling, but you found Ternen early. You had years of love, of being cherished. Some don’t even get that long.” She pulled her into a hug. “I know it hurts, but he loves you so much. You and your pups.” My mother stayed next to them as I turned and hugged Wendy. 
“You okay?” My voice was soft, but she nodded. 
“Just a scratch.” She smiled, but I watched it fade. “Amy…” 
Her tone shift had me pulling away to watch her face. “What’s w 7” She looked down at my mom and nodded behind us. I 
glanced at Rowan, who nodded once, letting me know he would watch over them, and then I helped Wendy shuffle over to where Toya and Lynn stopped closer to the cabin. She turned to me wringing her hands. “Just spill it.” 
She looked at Toya, who took a step and pulled me into a hug. “You scared us.” Lynn nodded again, agreeing. Toya stepped back, and Lynn limped over. 
“You okay?” I lifted an eyebrow, and she grinned. 
“Better than I’ve been in a very long time.” She pulled me into a hug for the first time in months. She pulled back, and her eyes turned to my mom and Alannah. “Ternen?” I shook my head, and the nodded once more. 
I turned back to Wendy, who was still wringing her hands. “Now, what’s wrong?” 
Wendy sighed. “Your mom has been trying to get in touch with your father since we killed the last rogue. But…” She looked back towards Carl’s grave and the trio there. 
“But?” I furrowed my brow, a sinking feeling in my chest. 
Chapter 563 
+25 BONUS 
“He didn’t answer.” Wendy sighed. 
A laugh bubbled up, more relief than anything else. “Yeah, he was dealing with explosions in the caves. I wouldn’t expect him to answer.” 
Toya looked like she was going to vomit as she pulled out my mother’s phone. A call muted but glowing on the screen. “He answered the last time.” She clicked the mute button, and moans could be heard from the phone. That and a single scream that kept ringing through the air. 
Alicia S. Rivers Author 
###Next D 564
Chapter 564 
+25 BONUS 
1 grabbed the phone. “Daddy?” I looked over at the grave; my mom and Rowan turned to watch me. My mother’s eyes met my gaze as I called for my dad again. “Daddy!” There was a cough, and a groan. The scream a high–pitched woman’s scream sounded again. 
“I’m sorry.” A quiet voice coughed out, but I couldn’t recognize the voice. It could have been anyone. 
“Daddy!” I called again, but the phone disconnected. I pulled it back to stare down at the now–black screen. I looked back to the trio, and I could see the panic in my mom’s eyes, but being a luna came first. I could see it on her face as she turned back to Alannah. 
“What is she doing?” Toya asked softly. “I thought she would jump up.” 
I shook my head, but it was Lynn who answered. “She wants to.” Lynn sighed. “But once you become a luna, your needs fade into the background. Your pack’s needs come first.” 
“I don’t understand. That’s her mate.” Toya looked to me. 
I nodded. “It is, but she is a luna. She is trusting her mate to take care of his side of their pack so she could take care of hers.” I nodded towards Alannah. “But you can tell by the way her shoulders are that she is freaking out. But she also knows that Alannah needs her.” I tried to call my father again, but there was no answer. 
I felt a small hand slide into mine. “She isn’t jumping up because I told her not to.” I looked down and met Carly’s white eyes. And I will tell you the same thing.” 
“But I have to go save them.” I felt stupid trying to argue with a child, but she stared up at me. 
“The ones that you can save will still be saved whether you leave now or in an hour.” Her white eyes bore into me. “But if you leave before it’s time, others will die.” I wanted to scream. Riddles, everything was riddles. “Trust the goddess, trust me, dig the grave and put the omega to rest. You will understand once it is done.” She turned to Rowan. “There is another shovel around the side of the cabin. I hid it earlier today.” She patted his hand. “Help your queen put one of her soldiers to rest, then everything will be clear.” 
Rowan started around the cabin, and Carly’s eyes cleared, rolling back into her head. I had just enough time to catch her before she hit the ground. I straightened. “You three go rest. I feel like we will have more to do in a short time.” I looked down at my pup. Riddles wrapped in a tiny package. I shook my head as I headed into the cabin with everyone else following me. 
“Carly!” Abby screamed as I walked into the living room. She jumped from her parents‘ arms and ran over, but I just patted her 
head. 
“She had another vision, and I think it tapped her out.” I laid her on the couch. I looked at Rick and Shelly. “I’m happy to see 
you 
both are okay.” 
Shelly jumped up and hugged me. “Your shield kept everyone safe. She pulled back and saw something on my face. “Everyone is okay, right?” 
I shook my head as a hand flew to her mouth. “Ternen didn’t make it.” A whimper left her. “He lost his life saving Alannah and their pups.” I kissed her forehead. “I’m going to go help back, but you guys rest. According to Carly, something else is going to happen.” 
I turned to Toya. “Help the others wrap their injuries and make she everything is closed up inside. Just in case we have to leave quickly.” She nodded as I turned. I felt my feet dragging as I left the cabin. Rowan, my other half, was already waiting with the two shovels. I grabbed one and I turned. “I want to run.” 
“I know you do. It’s your dad. But I feel like there is something that needs to be done here, and if we leave before it’s figured out, something unforgivable would happen.” 
I nodded once. “Yeah. I feel it too.” I sighed. “Let’s go.” We walked to the giant tree in the back. My mother watched us coming with a storm in her eyes. I could see the pain and need to run warring with her need to comfort and take care of a pack member. 
Chapter 564 
+25 BONUS 
“Baby?” Her voice was a soft plea. I knew she was asking me whether I had gotten through again. If I had news somehow. I shook my head, and she shuddered. She turned back to Alannah. “Why don’t we go collect some flowers for Ternen? Amy and Rowan will handle everything here, and by the time we get back, we can lay him to rest.” 
Alannah sniffled. But nodded. “He loved flowers.” They slowly walked to the garden and left us alone at the grave. 
Rowan looked at me for a second. “Let’s get this done quickly. Something is brewing, and I don’t like the feeling.” His words seemed to ring in the air like a promise. 2 
###Next D 565
Once the pair disappeared around the cabin, Rowan handed me my shovel, but I held up a finger. I moved over to Ternen. “Hey friend.” I wiped his hair out of his face. “I know you are worried about her.” Rowan came up behind me. I could feel his strength trying to seep into me, but I pushed it away. I didn’t deserve the peace he was offering. “You probably don’t believe me when I say I’ll watch over her. I was supposed to watch over you too, and now look at us.” My voice caught. “I’m so fucking sorry.” 
“Amy.” Rowan reached for me but I shook my head. “This isn’t your fault.” 
I couldn’t stop the chuckle that left my lips, but it quickly turned into a sob. I slapped a hand over my mouth trying to push it all away. I didn’t have time to break down. “It is.” I looked back down at Ternen and I cupped his cold cheek. “He was alive, and warm less than an hour ago. I should have been faster.” I shook my head again. “He’s dead because of me.” 
16 
Rowan dropped next to me. “He’s dead because Garith sent men here knowing it was important to you.” He turned my face. Ternen gave his life to protect his mate and his twins. You don’t get to take that away from him because you are feeling guilty.” Rowan’s eyes held mine. 
“I’m not.” I shook my head and tried to argue. 
“You are. You are taking his loss on when he fought tooth and nail for his family.” Rowan leaned in and kissed my forehead.” He was an omega who fought off rogues. Do you know how rare that is?” 
I nodded. “Of course I do.” 
Rowan looked down at Ternen. “I don’t think you do. Omegas usually cower, and I don’t say that as an insult. Their wolves are just too weak. Normally they run away and hide if they can.” 
“And if they can’t?” My words were soft, but I already knew the answer. 
“They accept their fate and let themselves return to the Moon Goddess. But Ternen, he ran towards the danger. He fought and killed ranked wolves to save his mate and their pups. He knew he didn’t have a chance…” 
“Then why did he do it?” I wanted to scream. 
“You know why.” Rowan looked at me. “You saw exactly what I saw.” I closed my eyes, and I shook my head. 
“No.” I didn’t want to think about it. 
“Yes.” Rowan’s fingers slid into mine. “Alannah was being pulled to the woods, and Ternen was running after them.” Rowan’s words were soft. 
I just kept shaking my head. “No.” The ache in my chest tightened but no matter what I said, I knew he was going to finish what he was saying. 
“You were fighting to reach the edge of the circle, and right before Ternen ran into the trees he looked back and saw you were coming. He knew you weren’t close enough.” Rowan tightened his hands as I tried to pull away. 
“You’re wrong.” 
“Oh, baby, I wish I were.” He pulled me to his chest. “But you and both know he saw you would not make it. We both watched his face. He made a choice. His life for theirs. His life to give you enough time to reach Alannah. To save her.” 
“No.” I felt the word ripped from my chest. The dam broke, and I felt hot tears hit my cheeks. 
My mate kissed me and then pulled away. “He made the decision that his life was worth hers. And he wasn’t wrong.” I reeled back as if I had been slapped. 
” 
‘How could you say that?” 
He lifted a hand to cup my face. “Because I would make the same decision in the blink of an eye. Your life is worth more than mine, ten times over. I would sacrifice myself for you, for our pups His sad smile broke a sliver off my heart. I just shook my 
head. 
1/3 
“You’re wrong. You’re the king.” I tried to pull out of his arms. 
But he just kissed my lips. “You are the queen. My life, my heart, and the only thing that has kept me going these last few years. I would die for you. And Ternen did that for his mate, for their pups Don’t diminish his sacrifice just because you feel guilty.” I stared up at Rowan, and I felt the truth in his words. 
I knew I was dead as soon as I started running after Alannah. I just had to fight long enough to make sure you could get there to save her. Ternen’s sweet voice whispered in my ear. 
“You did it.” I whispered back as I turned back to my friend. I grabbed him in my arms. “You saved them.” I kissed his forehead and leaned him against the tree. “Now it’s time to rest.” 
TID BONUSE 
###Next D 566
Chapter 566 
I wiped my tears and stood. I turned to see my mother peeking around the corner, but I waved her off. Rowan furrowed his brow. “Why did you wave her off?“: 
I grabbed one of the shovels in his hands and then started digging ‘I didn’t want her to come back over with Alannah until the evidence was gone.” I waved my hands over my face. 
“Why?” Rowan smiled, but it was a little hesitant, like he didn’t know why I wouldn’t want Alannah to see me cry over her mate. 
I rolled my eyes. “Don’t play dumb.” I pointed at him. “You know exactly why.” I looked up, and I realized he didn’t. His eyebrows were pinched, and he was staring at me. “I’m an Alpha, and until she settles at my dad’s pack, she is mine.” 
“So?” 
I stopped digging. “An alpha needs to be strong for their pack; we can’t show our weakness.” 
“That’s bullshit. I watched you with Toya and Wendy.” 
“That’s different.” I shook my head. 
“How?” He started digging again, and the hole started to get wider 
“When I’m just me, just Amy, then I don’t care who sees me cry, or whatever weakness I show. I am comfortable in my skin, and I know I can kick whoever tries to make fun of me. But like this?” I waved my hand. “Where I have to be strong for wolves that rely on me…I can’t break down.” 
“Why not?” Rowan moved closer. “You know they wouldn’t care. 
I nodded. “I know. But they need the safe space.” 
He tilted his head. “The safe space?” 
I started digging again. I heard the soft cries of Alannah and I nodded. “She needs the space to break. She needs to feel secure enough to break down, and she won’t be able to do it if I am.” I looked at him. “I can break down with you because you are my safe space.” I nodded towards the cabin. “And I’m theirs.” 
Rowan’s face cycled through a million emotions, but it settled on one, and I watched as his face softened. “You stay strong for them so they can focus on their pain, and they know you will watch over them.” I nodded. “You are my safe space too.” He finally understood. 
We silently got back to digging. The pit in my stomach stayed through it, although. Something was wrong at my father’s pack, and I needed to get back there. Every shovel of dirt, the sweat, the pain, got me closer to where I needed to be. 
“That’s deep enough, you two.” My mother’s voice rang out over us, and we both jumped and spun. Her face was a mask of worry, but she smiled. “That’s deep enough.” I nodded and tossed up my shovel. 
Rowan hopped up and walked over to Ternen. “Time to rest.” He picked him up gently and walked him over to my waiting arms. 
“Wait.” Alannah stepped forward, her eyes full of panic. “I can’t do this.” She shook her head and grabbed for her mate, but my mom grabbed her around her shoulders. 
“You can.” Her soft whisper was full of her power. Her wolf was pumping out her calming aura, settling the panic in my friend’s eyes. “He was brave when he chased after you. Right?” Alannah turned to my mom and nodded, tears streaming down her face. 
He didn’t hesitate.” She swatted angrily at her tears. “He just charged the rogues.” 
My mom cupped her cheeks. “Now it’s your turn to be brave.” Alannah searched her face and then turned to mine. 
I nodded. “You have to be brave, Lan. Who else is going to tell your pups how brave their father was?” 
She staggered back, but she nodded. “I will. Every day.” I opened my arms for Ternen as Rowan slid him to me. 
1/3 
Something new settled in me as I laid Ternen in the ground. A new chilling tiredness settled in my bones. I looked at the dirt wall of this grave towards the first I had dug alone, for Carl. I was tired of burying good wolves that deserved more from this 
world. 
Carl deserved to watch his daughter grow up into an amazing young woman. 
Ternen deserved to grow old with Alannah. He deserved to see his ups come into this world. And he deserved more than the shitty life he was stuck with in Vince’s pack. 
“Rest well, Ternen. We will see you again.” I felt a single tear break free as I leaned over his body. I heard a soft gasp as I pulled back. “You deserved more than the hand you were dealt in this life I’m sorry I wasn’t able to give it to you.” I stood to pull myself out of the grave and froze. Rowan was already there, wide–eyed, looking at my forehead. “What?” 
2/3 
###Next D 567
Rowan stared at me for another long second before he traced my forehead with a finger. “Your Goddess Blessed.” He sounded breathless and surprised. 
Inodded, staring into his eyes. “Yes…” I furrowed my brow. “I thought you knew.” A soft light rippled on his face, and I looked up to the sky, trying to see if the moon was trying to shine down on us through the clouds. 
“I did.” He tilted his head, still staring at me, “But hearing it and seeing it are two very different things. This,” he waved his hand. “Is different.” 
“What do you mean?” I looked from him to Alannah and then landed on my mother. “Mom?” 
“Your mark…your eyes…they changed.” She pointed to her own forehead. “It was a normal Goddess Blessed mark, the crescent moon. But now it’s more…” She trailed as she leaned closer. “I dont know why.” 
“More?” I looked back at Rowan.“, More how?” 
He pulled his phone from his pocket and aimed it at my face. I heard the click of his camera as he took the photo. He turned the screen towards me, and my breath caught. “It’s more.” He agreed as he stared into my eyes. “And your eyes…they are silver.” 
If I weren’t looking at photo proof of their words, I would have laughed. But they were right. My eyes were molten silver that shifted with a light burning from within. And the crescent moon that I once carried was gone. In its place was a triple moon. An empty circle flanked by crescents on both sides. Curling vines trailed down my temples and star–shaped flower blossoms bloomed on their tendrils. All of it pulses with a soft glow, like moonlight shining from under my skin. 1 
I looked up from the phone when I heard tiny footsteps coming from the cabin. Carly was coming back, and that meant something was wrong. I pulled myself from the grave just as she came to a stop at the foot of the hole. “Hello Pandia.” Her soft white eyes saw more than she let on. Her soft, chubby face held a soft smile, but that smile made it seem like she was hiding the secrets of the universe. It was unsettling. She giggled, as if she had read my mind. 
“Pandia?” I recoiled from the name, but it settled in my chest; a soft glow of light flickered under my skin. “My name is Amy.” sounded foolish to myself. Carly knew my name. “You know my name, pup.” 
She laughed, a sultry laugh that had no business coming from a little girl. “Yes, your name is Amy. But you are the Pandia. And you know I am more than that, Pandia. I am a shaman, the eyes to the past, present and future. I am the warning call in the middle of the night when the world turns dark.” She tilted her head; her little pigtail shifted over her shoulder. “But I think you already knew that, about both of us. Even if you don’t want to admit it.” 
“You are a little girl…my little girl.” I reached for her, but she backed away and laughed. Her white eyes sparkled under the moonlight. 
But it was my mother’s hesitant voice that snapped us back to the conversation. “What’s the Pandia?” My mother turned to my pup and crouched down. 
“A chosen daughter of a goddess, but Amy wasn’t just chosen by one, weren’t you?” Carly smiled. “Your bloodline will be strong, and it needs to be.” Carly stepped closer. “But remember, with power, comes enemies. Watch over your flock, Pandia. Someone is hunting us. Someone who doesn’t want a king or a queen. They want chaos and death, and they are coming.” Carly’s eyes shifted back to her soft brown ones, and she dropped to her knees. She landed face first in the dirt before anyone else could catch her. 1 
My mother rushed to her side and picked her up from the ground, turning to Alannah. “I’m just going to put her in the house, then I will be right back.” She shifted to look at me. I recognized the look. It was a warning. We would be speaking about all of this later, when we weren’t in the middle of a funeral. 
Alannah gave a sad smile. “I’m okay. Go. She is always so tired after her visions, and she has had a handful today.” Alannah rubbed her belly and grunted. Everyone froze. 
“Are you okay?” Rowan paled a little. 
Alannah waved him off. “False contractions.” She turned back to me. “Can I have a minute alone with my mate before you…” 
173 
Chapter 567 
She nodded towards the pile of dirt. 
+15 BONUS 
I walked over and kissed her cheek. “Of course.” I turned and grabbed for Rowan’s hand as I walked away. We walked back towards the cabin with my mother, and I heard her sit down. 
“Hi baby.” 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 568
Tleaned against the side of the cabin, and Rowan settled next to me. “That was…” His voice was soft, and hesitant. 
“A lot.” I finished. He laughed. 
“It’s gone.” He looked back at the grave. 
“What’s gone?” I turned to look at him. 
H waved his hand at me. “Your mark. You are back to normal.” He smiled. “Which is great because I missed your normal eyes.” He leaned over and kissed me. “You are so beautiful.” 
I snorted. “I’m covered in dirt, blood, and I don’t want to think about what else.” 
He cupped my cheek and stared down into my eyes. “That changes nothing. You are still the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.” He kissed me again as the door slammed open. 
“Get a room, you two.” Rick limped out, a bruise healing on his face. 
“You look rough.” I grabbed for him as he stumbled over the hose 
“Yeah…I’m still weak from Vince. So healing is taking a little longer.” He winced as he licked the corner of my mouth. “Can’t worry about it too much.” He settled next to us as he nodded over to Alannah. “Ternen?” 
I sighed. “She is saying goodbye.” 
He blew out a breath. “He did what I couldn’t do.” I almost missed his whispered words. 
“What?” 
He looked at me, and I saw devastation there, but also pride. “He protected his family. He didn’t wait for you to save them; he did it himself.” He looked away. 
“Hey. Different scenarios.” I grabbed his arm. “You couldn’t fight against magic, Rick. You don’t have magic.” 
He turned back with a nod. But I saw anger there. “But I’m meant to protect my mate. My pup. But-” 
“But you were taken advantage of by your alpha.” Rowan finished “You can’t fight something you know nothing of…” He wiped his face. “Believe me. I knew about magic, and I was still at the mercy of people that had it.” 
Rick stared at Rowan for a second, and I saw a flash of relief. “Really?” 
Rowan nodded. “I almost lost my mate because of it. It’s not your fault, and there is no shame in that you needed Amy to help you.” Rowan looked down at me. “I did too.” 
Rick nodded once, and the back door opened. Everyone filed out, one by one. Alannah turned at the commotion, and she bit her lip as she stood. She raised a hand, and we all started back over. 
I reached her first. “You okay?” 
She shook her head, her lip trembling for a second. “Can you do me a favor?” 
I reached for her hand. “Of course. Anything.” 
She swallowed and nodded towards the grave. “Can you get his necklace and ring?” She turned to me with watery eyes. “I would, but…” She trailed off as she rubbed her stomach. 
“Of course.” I smiled as I rubbed her arm. Then I touched her stomach, and I felt the skin stretched tight over rock–hard muscles. I knew instantly something was wrong. I turned to look at my mom. She caught my worried glance and walked over. “I’ll stand with her when you go down.” My mother wrapped her arm around her back, her hand coming to rest on the side of Alannah’s swollen belly. 
Chapter 568 
“It’s okay.” Alannah said, but she leaned into my mother’s side.. 
+15 BONUS 
“We know it is okay. But I would rather have someone with you while we do all this.” I jumped into the grave, doing my best to ignore the niggling feeling I had in the back of my mind. “Hello fend.” I whispered as I knelt next to Termen’s side. I grabbed his hand and slid the simple band from his stiffening fingers. I placed his hands on his stomach and moved to his neck. The chain was a little harder to remove, but I got it. “I think you pups are coming faster than we are prepared for.” I brushed the bangs from his eyes and then I stood. 
I slipped the ring onto the necklace and then I climbed back up. Alanah walked over to me. “What were you saying to him?” Her lips trembled as she looked down at her inate. 
I slipped around her back and slid the necklace around her neck, letting the ring settle on her chest. “Just that I will take care of you so he can rest well.” I clasped the necklace and seeped back around her and faced the grave. “Lay well, Ternen Omega by rank Alpha in spirit. May you rest well knowing that your sacrifice saved the lives of three of the most important people.” I grabbed a shovel and went to stand at the pile of dirt. We had to move fast now. 
Rowan grabbed the second shovel. “Rest well, Ternen, and know that your children will be warriors, regardless of rank. We will ensure that they get the best out of life.” Allanah cried as everyone said their goodbyes. 
She stepped close to the edge of the grave. “Goodbye, my love. I will raise our pups to know everything you did for us. Second chance or not, I will meet you when I cross over. I will love you forever, and you are who I will spend the rest of eternity with.” Then she dropped another flower onto his chest. 
There was a flash, and a crescent moon glowed from Ternen’s forehead as a scream ripped through the clearing. 3 
###Next D 569
Chapter 569 
Everyone spun from the grave to see Alannah bent over in pain. Her hands were clutching her heavy belly as she stared down at the barely filled grave. “No…it’s too soon. They aren’t ready.” She turned to look at me, and I could see the panic there. 
My mother grabbed for her side. “I don’t think they agree with you, Momma.” She wrapped her arm around her back, and Wendy stepped up to my side, taking my place. “Baby?” My mother looked at me over her shoulder as she spun the groaning Alannah back towards the cabin. 
“Yeah?” I felt my stomach clench as I watched as my friend was herded away. 
“Finish here. Then come upstairs.” She turned away as Rowan stepped up next to me. 
“I don’t think we have the time to stay for the birth.” His voice was soft, but Toya came back to our side. 
She closed her eyes for a second and she shook her head. “All the mindlinks from my pack were severed.” Her voice was soft but filled with worry. “I’ve been trying to reach my father since the battle.” 
I reached for her hand, and she shuddered as the skin of our hands brushed each other, and another flash happened. “What is happening?” 
Rowan shook his head. “I don’t know. But the fact that the Moon Goddess is showing her favor so much right now doesn’t sit well with me.” He grabbed for the shovel he dropped. “Let’s finish here so we can talk to your mother.” 
Rick stepped closer, catching me off guard. He gestured with his thumb over his shoulder. “Shelly took the girls inside, but I feel something too.” Everyone turned to me. “What do you feel?” 
I took a deep breath and cleared my mind as I closed my eyes. I felt a steadying hand on my back and I thought it was Rowan, but then I felt power rush through me. 
Open yourself. That voice sounded familiar, but it wasn’t my mate or my grandmother. I shifted, and I felt her tsk at me. Don’t worry about looking at me, child. You have seen me before; take what I am giving you. You will need it before the end of the night. 
What will I have to do? 
You will know. The Moon Goddess pressed against my back. The twins will be born under the light of tonight’s moon, and I will watch over them for you, for the male in that cold dark hole. But you, and your trusted here, will need to take the pathway, 
The pathway? As the power filled me, I felt the Goddess mark on my brow light up, and Rowan stepped closer. Whether chasing the draw of the power, or just trying to keep me close, I didn’t know for sure. 
“What’s happening?” His voice held a hint of wonder and worry in equal measure as his eyes danced over my face. 
1/3 
Chapter 569 
+15 BONUS 
You know the way. Your pack needs you. The kingdom needs you. Darkness is creeping in around the 
edges, and it needs to be stopped. The power rushed in faster. You need to be full, or all will be lost. The 
power needs to be a last resort. If you abuse it, if you waste this gift, then you will lose everything. 
Everything? My mind started to race as the power filled every inch of my body. The power flowed to my 
toes and slowly filled me. My feet filled quickly, and I knew I could run faster than anyone alive. Then my 
knees, and jumping became something I could do between breaths. High walls meant nothing to the 
power coursing through me. But my body slammed to a dead cold when the power reached my core. 
Two howls ripped through my body, twining together, until they ripped from my lips in a terrifyingly 
protective display. Rowan reared back from me, fear creeping in as he whipped around to stare out into 
the trees. 
“What is it?” He spun in a circle, checking every dark shadow. “Is someone here?” 
The king doesn’t know yet, not unless you tell him. Which, if you ask me…he has the right to know. The 
Goddess seemed to pause, the power pooling in my stomach. This is not a guarantee but an offering. A 
prize, if you will. But heed my warning. Even for your babe, waste nothing I give you, or else you will lose 
it all. I will watch over the ones here. Save my people. And rise, Queen Amy. The power surged and filled 
the rest of my body, and then, like a cry on the wind, she was gone. 1 
The power burned just under my skin. Any breath I took, I felt I would explode out, shooting sparks, or maybe fire out with each exhale. But I pushed it away. 
Rowan cupped my face. “Baby, talk to me…what’s wrong?” He leaned in. “And don’t lie to me.” 
I raised my hand and pressed his hand against my face. “Nothing’s wrong.” He lifted an eyebrow as I smiled. “The Moon Goddess revealed something to me.” I pulled his hand away from my face and pressed it against my stomach. “She was giving me power for what’s coming, and with it, she revealed that we…” 
Rowan pulled in a breath. “What?” 
###Next D 570
I shook my head. I had to think of what I would say next. I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “When the goddess was giving me power, I felt something.” 
He cupped my cheek. “Tell me.” The trust and devotion in his eyes settled me. 
“My babe.” His breath caught. 
“You’re pregnant with my pup?” I shook my head. 
“Shush. Just listen.” I grabbed his hands. “When the goddess was filling me with power, when it reached my stomach, I felt it. The flutter of life.” I struggled to find the words. “But it was familiar. One I had grown to know, one I had memorized.” His brow furrowed. 
“You aren’t making much sense. All babies move the same.” He tried to make sense of my jumbled words. 
I shook my head. “In my first life.” I think in that moment he started to understand, and his face turned a 
little sad. 
“What are you saying, Amy?” Toya’s voice was soft. But I could feel her behind me. 
I shook my head. “I’m just going to say it out loud, and then we can argue about the ridiculousness of it.” Rowan waited patiently for me to figure out my thoughts. “The Moon Goddess said it wasn’t a guarantee, more like a prize, but I felt the flutter. The life that she was offering. If we manage to beat this back, if I do what she needs me to do. I can get back my son.” 
Rowan swallowed past a lump in his throat. “Your son with Brandon?” 
I shook my head and grabbed at his that he was pulling away. “No. He wouldn’t be my son with Brandon. But our son. Our love. Our passion. Our blood, sweat and tears. But his soul. The life cut too short, reborn in safety and love.” 
He tilted his head. “So you’re not saying you have to mate with Brandon?” 
I threw back my head and laughed. “Goddess no!” I wrapped my hands around his face. “The only time I will ever touch Brandon again will be when I am ripping his tongue from his mouth.” 
Rowan smiled. “Our babe, our son.” 
I nodded. “If we can get through this.” 
He leaned in. “Well then, let’s finish here so we can make a pup.” He winked at me before he snagged a kiss from my lips. 
“While this is all good and lovely. Can we finish this? I have a bad feeling brewing.” Rick tried to sound joyful, but I felt the dread creep back in. 
1/3 
Chapter 570 
+15 BONUS 
“Sorry.” I grabbed the shovel that Toya was holding. 
“Don’t apologize.” Toya cut Rick a look. “Finding out you have a chance at getting your child back is 
monumentous.” 
Rick held up his hands. “It is.” He looked down at the grave. “I’m really not trying to ruin that for you. But 
we have one friend dead. More deaths are likely on the horizon, by the feeling in my chest. And I know I’ll 
have to leave my mate and kid here once again. And I’m pretty sure the shield is gone.” 
His words hit all of us. “He’s right.” I cut in before anyone else could argue. “The shield will rebuild. 
Slowly. That’s why my mother, Wendy, and Shelly are staying here with the girls. That way they can run 
to the other house if they need to.” I met his gaze. “But the rogues here are gone, and the Moon Goddess 
said she would watch over the ones we left here.” I watched Rick’s worries melt away. “What we have to 
worry about is ourselves.” 
Toya nodded. “Let’s finish here. We have a long way to go.” I nodded once. We all turned back to the grave 
and finished it quickly. I was still trying to find the pathway when I heard another scream come from the 
house. “She must be getting closer.” 
I lifted a shoulder as we walked in. “This could last all night.” I told the rest to wait down in the living 
room when I started up the stairs. Rick walked over to his mate, who was watching over the two little 
girls. 
Rowan, a little shyly, walked over to Carly. “Hey pup.” His soft words caught my ear, and I paused on the 
step. 
“Hi Daddy Ro.” Carly’s voice was soft, but slightly hopeful. 
“You don’t have to call me Daddy if you don’t want to.” Rowan settled next to her. “I’ll be whoever you 
want me to be, sweetheart.” 
“I know, I talked it over with my daddy before he went with the Moon Goddess.” 
I smiled softly as I continued up the stairs. The hope I had was warring with the dread pooling in my stomach. I wanted this. The mate, the pups, the life. But I knew that there was something coming that could take it all away. 
And that something was coming fast. 
###Next D 571
I opened the door to…chaos. Wendy was hovering at the side, while my mother was between Alannah’s legs. Alannah, the sweet girl, was screaming her head off. “Fuck this, it hurts.” She sobbed at the ceiling while my mother patted the outside of her thigh. 
“You are doing great, Momma. Just breathe.” My mother soothed, and I felt her push her soothing aura out, but Alannah wasn’t settling. She reared up, a contraction hitting her, and she screamed as she clutched the blankets at her sides. 
“Fuck you. Fuck you Temen. How could he leave me tonight?” She screamed to the ceiling, to the sky. If she could, she would be screaming it to him. “Fuck you too, Moon Goddess…how could you do this to me and my babies.” 
“Hush love. The Goddess is kind, but there are lines.” My mother rubbed her knee trying to calm her down before she crossed it, but Alannah still cried. 
“No!” She shook her head in anger. “This isn’t fair.” She sobbed as the contraction broke and she dropped back down onto the bed, panting through her tears. “It’s not fair. My mate should be here.” She turned her head towards me. “He should be here with me.” Her pain was raw, and still so fresh. She had just lost him, and now their babies were coming early. I felt my heart break for her. I crouched down at the side. 
I felt a tear hit my cheek. “Lan, I’m so sorry.” I gripped her hand as she closed her eyes and cried harder. 
I watched as a figure took shape behind her. “I am Anwyl.” His eyes only on her face. “I hate that I can’t hold your hand. But I am here.” His voice was soft at first, and at first Alannah was crying too loudly to notice. But by the end, he had settled into the bed with her, and her eyes popped open, like she felt her other half was there. She turned, and her eyes found him. 
“You came.” She reached for him but hesitated. “But you’re not here.” 
He shook his head. “I’m not.” He raised a hand to hover over hers. The pain on his face was heart- wrenching. He shook his head as a silver tear trailed down his face. “But I will stay with you the entire time.” 
“But it’s not the same.” Alannah cried. “I can’t feel you. You can’t hold me, you can’t hold them.” She struggled to breathe. “I can’t do this.” She shook her head as she pushed herself up in the bed. She pulled her legs back, and my mother tried to grab them, but she shook her off. “I refuse to do this.” 
“Anwyl…” Ternen tried to grab for her, but she whirled on him. 
“No dammit. You can call me beloved all you fucking want, but I refuse to do this alone. You can go back to the Moon Goddess. No one is being born today.” She leaned against the headboard and then screamed as another contraction hit. 
My mother looked a little lost. She turned to me and Ternen. “Talk to her.” She shook her head as she 
1/3 
pushed herself up. “Or else we will lose four souls today instead of the one.” 
“What do we do?” Wendy looked a little lost. 
But my mom just grabbed her hand and pulled her into the bathroom. “We get prepared to deliver two babies. Whether or not she wants it, these babies are coming.” They closed the door, and I heard running water. They were doing their best to give us some space. 
Alannah shuddered as the contraction settled. She cut me a withering look before she held up her hand.” There isn’t anything you can say to convince me.” 
I grabbed her hand and felt her resist, but I held tight. She finally relented, and I intertwined my fingers with hers. “I understand.” She tried to pull away again. “I understand because I have been exactly where you are.” 
“No, you haven’t.” She shrieked as she fought me, but my other hand snapped out, and I rubbed circles on her arms. 
“You are right…in a way.” I sighed as I settled onto my knees. “In my first life, the baby wasn’t big enough to survive. But I was forced to bring him into this world alone. While my mate stood just beyond the door calling for my death. But I know what it feels like not to want my baby to come into the world.” She stilled. 
She took a haggard breath as she looked at me. “I can’t do this alone.” 
“And you won’t be. Ternen is here. My mom and Wendy are here.” I gave her a sad smile. “I wish I could 
stay with you.” 
She just looked away. “Ternen isn’t here though. His soul is. But not him. Not the man who held me through everything. Not the mate I prayed for and found on my birthday. Not the savior who gave his all for his children. The Moon Goddess took that away from me.” She looked back at me. “She can take all of us. Because I refuse to do this without him.” 
“And you won’t have to.” 
2/3 
###Next D 572
2/3 
Chapter 572 
Everyone turned to find the Moon Goddess staring at us from the corner of the room. Even my mother and Wendy came out when they heard the voice. As soon as they stumbled out of the bathroom door, they slammed to their knees. 
“Moon Goddess.” My mother dropped her head to the floor. “Please forgive Alannah’s earlier words.” A scent of fear drifted from her. “She is hormonal and emotional at the loss of her mate; she didn’t mean it.” 
Wendy was next. “Please forgive her.” She bowed to the floor, and together they stayed there. 
The Moon Goddess looked confused for a second. The emotion seemed foreign to her ethereal face. “Rise, Luna.” She stepped forward and reached down a hand to my confused mother. “I am not here to punish the new mother. I am here because I am paying a debt.” 
My mother sat back on her heels, eyes growing wide when she saw the offered hand. “What do you mean?” She slipped her hand into the Goddess’s hand, and she stood. “A debt?” 
The goddess nodded. She turned to Wendy. “You too little, one. Rise.” Wendy slipped her hand into the goddess’s and stood next to my mother. 
The three of us near the bed stayed silent until they turned to us. “Hello Alannah. Your mate has told me lovely stories about your time together. He hasn’t stopped talking about you for years.” 
“Years?” She turned to Ternen. “I just lost him…” 
Ternen smiled a little sadly. “Time moves differently here.” He sighed as he put his back against the headboard with her. 
The goddess nodded as she came to the end of the bed. “I slow time for souls. That way they have the time to process their loss, their death, so that when they come back to watch over their loved ones, even though it’s still fresh for you…for them it’s not. And they can watch over you and help you through your grief.” 
“Why?” Alannah shook her head. “Why take him and then force him to watch over me?” 
The goddess came closer. Sitting next to where I was crouched, and reached for our hands. “Silly daughter.” She smiled a soft smile. “I don’t force anyone. I can tell you almost every soul that I pull home comes to me with a request already on their lips. Before most even realize that they have died, their first and only concern is their loved ones. Ternen here, came to me begging to come back. His only concern was to watch over you and his pups. He didn’t care if it wasn’t allowed; it was his only request. He gave up all his chances of reincarnation just to stay and watch over you.” 
Alannah gasped as she turned to her mate. “Teren, no.” She went to reach for his face but froze. “I’m not worth it.” She opened her mouth to say more, and she screamed as another contraction hit. 
He just gave her a sad smile. “You are worth everything.” 
1/4 
The goddess turned her gaze to Ternen. “Take your mate’s hand.” 
He turned to her. “We both know I can’t. I’m not here.” 
The goddess waved her hand. “Am I the goddess or are you?” 
His mouth dropped open, but he lifted his hand to Alannah’s, and the moment their hands touched, a soft light filled the room. Alannah cried out and clung to him. “How?” He turned back to the goddess as his hand was crushed by his mate. 
“Because I promised you when you came to me I would not have you miss this moment. You deserved to be here with them. So this is my last gift to you. Also, I know Amy cannot stay here, and she would have worried about your mate too much.” 
The contraction ended, and Alannah took in a deep breath. “Ternen…” She looked down at their hands. “I can feel you.” 
He smiled. “Yes Anwyl. The goddess…” He nodded towards the goddess on the bed. “She gave us this last gift.” 
Alannah turned to the goddess, and her lips trembled. “Thank you.” 
The goddess just reached out her hand and cupped her cheek. “Today has been the hardest day of your life, but I promise it will get better.” She turned to Ternen. “You can be here the entire night. You can stay for one hour after the twins are born so you can hold them, and hold your mate. But then…” She trailed off. “I’m sorry I can’t give you more. But your story has come to an end.” The goddess brushed a kiss over Alannah’s brow and then vanished. 
Ternen nodded once before standing and gathering his mate in his arms. “Where do you need us?” He turned to my mother. 
“Near the end of the bed.” She pointed about halfway down, and he nodded. 
He stepped onto the bed and placed her between his legs, her back against his chest. “We got this, Anwyl.” Alannah nodded once as a new contraction hit. Her hands wavered, looking for something to ground her, and Ternen slid his hands into hers. “Breathe, baby.” 
A shuddering breath came out of her lips before a scream ripped through the air. My mother dropped in between her legs, and I saw her pale a little, but she turned to me. “Go, sweet girl. I have them.” 
I pulled out my phone and double–checked something, and I was happy to see it was possible. “Wendy.” I waved her over. She jogged to me as I tucked my phone away. 
“Yeah?” 
I leaned in and whispered softly to her. “Can you figure out a way to record this? Ternen shows up on camera, and I think Alannah will want to remember this.” Wendy spun on her heel and left me there. I 
2/4 
Chapter 572 
→→ +15 BONUS 
turned back and kissed Alannah’s temple. “I love you both. Take care of these pups. I can’t wait to meet 
them.” 
My mom pulled back enough to meet my eyes. “Make sure my mate is alive, baby. But be safe.” I nodded 
once and left. 
Alicia S. Rivers Author 
Hey guys. I know I have been MIA. If you follow my tiktok or ***/*** you will get more up to date information. I was in the hospital due to a health issue. But I am doing my 
best. Alicia 
193 
###Next D 573
+15 BONUS 
Chapter 573 
I hit the landing, and Rowan walked over to me. “Everything okay?” 
I shook my head. “No…but it will have to be. We have to go.” I looked around the room and frowned.” Toya?” 
He pointed behind me. “Wendy ran down here asking about a tripod for something. Toya ran upstairs to help her find it.” 
Toya ran down the stairs. “Sorry. I’m ready.” She had a bag with her that she tossed at me. “This is for you.” She held up a hand as my mouth opened. “I don’t know what for. But Carl told me you would need it today.” 
Carl… “He never quits, does he?” 
Toya laughed. “This was my last note. But I think Wendy has one more, and I know for a fact you have a full stack.” I watched her smile dim. “He spent the last year of us life preparing us for the years without him.” She took in a deep breath. “I can only hope I have as much courage as he did near the end.” 
I puffed out my cheeks. “Me too.” I turned back toward the soft giggles from the dining room. I headed back there to kiss my pup goodbye for hopefully the last time. “Hey baby girl.” I leaned against the door frame as Abby and Carly turned to me. “I have to go.” 
Carly’s smile faltered for a second. “I know.” She hopped up and ran to me. She wrapped her little arms 
around my middle. “Please be safe.” 
Her words broke my heart. We had forced this little girl to grow up far too fast. “Of course.” I dropped to my knees to pull her into a proper hug. “I need you to be strong for Grandma Ainsley, okay? Promise me.” I could hear her pull in a deep breath, scenting me, like she was trying to remember my smell. It hurt me a 
little that she felt like she had to. 
She rubbed her cheek against my shoulder before her soft answer came. “I promise.” She pulled back and 
kissed my cheek. 
My stomach flipped, and I furrowed my brow. “And what should you do if someone gets in here?” She pulled back fully to stare at me. I shook off the weird feeling and focused on my pup. 
She smiled up at me. “Run to the closet door, and make sure it closes behind us.” 
I poked her nose. “Exactly.” I looked over at Abby, who was still at the table eating a snack. “Where is your dad, sweetheart?” 
Abby’s eyes widened for a second, as her cheeks were stuffed with food. She mumbled something, and Carly giggled. She poked me, grabbing my attention back before she answered. “Abby’s mommy and daddy are in the kitchen. They wanted to talk about adult stuff, so they gave us a snack.” 
1/3 
Chapter 573 
+15 BONUS 
I rubbed her back and stood. “Okay.” I turned away and headed for the kitchen, but Abby’s muffled yell had me spinning around to see Carly’s eyes clouding over, and her tiny frame swaying. “Another one?” I dropped down as her knees buckled. 
“A vision doesn’t come when it’s expected, Three–spirit, only when it is needed.” Carly’s voice dropped several octaves. Her voice aged a hundred years as her tiny body fought to channel the vision she was seeing. 
“She’s already weak.” I tossed back as I stood with my pup in my arms. 
“Well then, this just proves she needs to get stronger.” Her white eyes danced for a second before her lips opened. “The crack is open, but the path is still sealed. When the path is fully opened, then you will know the Shaman’s time has come.” She took a breath. “But her time won’t come if you do not fight this coming battle. Your time here is now done. Run for the bridge to the pack. Your time is running out.“. 
“What do you mean my time is running out?” My stomach flipped again, and I felt a new feeling unfurl in my belly. A deep pool of dread opened up inside of me. The panic that was eating away at the edges of my sanity started to take bigger bites. And my mind spiraled as sweat broke out on the back of my neck, and I felt my fangs pushing at my gums. 
My fear must have filled the room, causing Rick and Shelly to come out of the kitchen in a rush. They looked around the room, looking for the danger, but I watched confusion replace the alertness when they saw nothing. Rick took a step into the dining room. “What’s going on?” 
Rowan stepped against my back, steadying me. “We have to go.” 
Carly grabbed my face. “Don’t trust anyone.” She looked over my shoulder at Rowan, and I saw something like almost pity hit her face. “And trust in the Goddess’s path.” Her eyes closed, and her body bowed back. 
Abby screamed. “Is she okay?” 
I just nodded as I stood and hurried into the living room. “She just passed out from the vision.” I placed her on the couch and draped a blanket over her. “She just needs a nap.” I stepped back as Abby climbed onto the couch and checked on her friend. “Watch her for me?” She nodded. 
“Amy?” I heard a voice call out, but I was already running out the front door. 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
###Next D 574
Nix’s voice screamed through my mind. “AMY! LISTEN TO US.” 
Megan screamed next. “Why won’t she listen to us?” 
“Amy!” Toya caught me. She grabbed my arm and spun me around. I had to stop myself from attacking her, my mind was half crazed. Something was wrong. Really wrong. “Where are you going? We need to get to your father’s pack lands.” I could hear the worry in her voice, and that made my mind settle. She grabbed my face. “Stop it.” I tried to pull away again. Toya slapped me, catching me off guard. 
“What the fuck, Toya.” I growled. 
“You were panicking, Amy. More than you should be unless you know something we don’t.” Rowan grabbed for me, and I felt a calm settle over me. The panic I was feeling was still there, but it was dulled, like there was a thick comforter thrown over it. 
“What are you talking about?” 
Amy, Nix called out. Megan and I were both trying to speak to you but you didn’t hear us. 
Megan nodded. We felt your panic, but you had never ignored us like that before. Something fishy is going on. 
Rowan grabbed me and turned me to face him. “Talk to us. We have to head to the airport, don’t we?” He looked around. “Unless you have another closet somewhere out here we don’t know of.” He smiled, trying to cover his worry. 
“What?” I shook my head to clear it. I felt confused. “I ignored you?” 
He nodded, pulling me closer to him. “Even now, you smell of pure terror.” I looked at Rick and Toya, who just nodded. “What’s going on? Talk to us.” 
“Nothing.” I started but stopped myself when I saw their faces. Even my wolves scoffed at me. I dug deep, and I could feel something eating along my skin. “Magic…but it doesn’t feel bad. More urgent.” I felt along the spell. It felt familiar. 
“Who still has magic?” Toya furrowed her brows. 
“That we know of?” I thought for a second before my stomach dropped. “For sure? Only my dad.” I felt fear crawl up my spine. 
“So your dad…” Toya thought for a second, and I saw when she thought of the same thing I did. “Where do we go?” 
Rick furrowed his brow. “I feel stupid. Why are you both worried?” 
Rowan stared at my face before nodding. “Someone who has magic sent a spell to make you feel panic or 
1/4 
Chapter 574 
+15 BONUS 
fear, and the only one you can think of is your dad.” 
I nodded. “I don’t think the spell was meant to cause fear, just the urge to head there, but I think his intention, and his actual feelings got mixed.” I swallowed past the worry. “I think he’s panicking, and that threaded into his spell.” I looked over at my mate, and he squeezed my hand. 
“Then lead the way.” 
Relief hit me. “This way.” I headed to the edge of the cliff. 
“Amy…” Rick called out as I dropped down to the first step of the stairs cut into the cliff side. His arm shot out and grabbed me, causing my foot to slip. 
I looked back. “Rick? What the hell, man?” 
His confused eyes cut from my face to the steep stairs below me, and he blew out a huge breath. “My goddess woman! TELL US before you step off a cliff.” Sweat beaded across his forehead. 
“There are steps here.” I pointed down again. 
“I realize that now. But you looked like you just stepped off the edge of the fucking cliff.” He dropped my arm and wiped the sweat off his palms on his pants. 
Toya laughed. “It did look terrifying.” She wiped her face. 
I turned to Rowan, but he just smiled at me. “Why don’t you look surprised?” 
He stared down at me. “Because I’ve been down here before.” 
“What?” I was stunned. “You said nothing.” 
“I just remembered it. It was a few years ago. Before we even talked on the phone.” He gazed at me.” Erebus was out for a run, and I caught the scent of the most delicious thing I had ever smelt before. I followed it down here, but it ended at the wall.” Rowan closed his eyes. “I just realized it was your scent. My mate.” His eyes snapped open, and I could see the white–blue eyes of Erubus. “I called for you, mate, but I think we weren’t destined to meet yet…” 
The memory hit me like a train. I was running panicked through the underground passage, and his bellowing call bounced off the stones. Nix panted as she fought the need to turn back. Nix pushed forward. “That was you?” Rowan nodded. “I was stupid. I should have turned back like my instincts were pushing me to do.” 
“It happened this way.” Erubus faded, and Rowan kissed me. “Let’s go.” 
I nodded, turning back to the stairs. My mind still spun. How many other times did we almost meet each other in our lives? Nix shrugged as she stalked back to her spot next to Megan. Who knows…he’s ours now. Let’s go find our father, and then we can spend the next hundred years comparing stories with our 
2/4 
Chapter 574 
+15 BONU! 
mates. 
She was right. I turned into the cave and waited until the rest joined me. I pointed to the crack. “We ha to get in there.” 
“There is no way I’ll fit.” Rowan shook his head. 
“The magic will allow you through.” My grandmother stepped out of the wall. “Now hurry. Before th die.” 
Chapter 574 
+15 BONUS 
mates. 
She was right. I turned into the cave and waited until the rest joined me. I pointed to the crack. “We have to get in there.” 
“There is no way I’ll fit.” Rowan shook his head. 
“The magic will allow you through.” My grandmother stepped out of the wall. “Now hurry. Before they die.” 
###Next D 575
Chapter 575 
– 49% 
+25 BONUS 
“Fucking hell, woman.” Rick whirled at her voice. “Wear a bell.” He clutched his chest as he settled his breathing. Toya covered her snicker by clearing her throat. 
My grandma smirked before she turned back to me. “Run.” She pointed to the crack. “Now.” She turned back to the wall, and as she stepped through the rock, the crack grew into an archway. “You are running out of time.” Her voice called back to us, and I turned and sprinted down the steps. 
“Amy.” Rowan called after me, and one by one I heard my mate, and my friends follow. 
“Hurry.” I called back. The urgency was back, weaker this time. I knew with certainty that 
when the urgency went away this time, it would be because my father was dead. 
“Where the hell is this going?” Rick called to me. If it were any other time, I would have 
laughed. I turned to look over my shoulder, and I stumbled over my feet. I hit the ground with a grunt. 
“Amy?” Rowan was at my side almost instantly. His hands wrapped around me, and he 
wrong?” 
lifted me to my feet.at‘ 
“Iccas lumin torcanta.” I threw the ball of light up to float above my head as I gazed at the 
rock wall. My fingers stretched out to trace the large crack in the wall. 
“Amy?” Toya’s soft call had me snapping back to reality. “What are you looking at?” 
My fingers traced the broken edge again, and Carly’s words came back to me. The crack is 
open. “This is new.” My words held a soft edge to them. 
“Will this cave in?” Rick looked around, and everyone heard the swallow that echoed down the cave. “Because that seems like probably the worst way to go.” 
His words caused me to turn; a flicker of something pulsed in the back of my mind. “What?” I turned away from the crack, and my finger caught on a sharp stone, causing me to hiss. I brought my hand into the light and watched as blood poured from my finger. Too much for 
1/4 
1:21 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 575 
the minor cut I had. 
I heard a deep crack. My eyes flickered, then everything went dark. 
49% 
+25 BONUS 
“Hello?” I called. My voice was horse, and my breathing was excruciating. Every breath was fire. The air was thick, and I could barely make out any shapes, even with my wolf’s eyes. “Iccas lumin torcanta.” I whispered the spell, and a tiny wisp flickered to life. 
I was surrounded by broken stones, and thick dust motes flew in the air. I heard groaning 
and a few cries off to my left, but I couldn’t tell how far. The rocks were interfering with the 
acoustics of the tunnel. 
I tried to reach out. Rowan was right next to me when everything went dark, but there was 
no one but rocks. I tried to shift, and that’s when I finally realized I was pinned. My mind finally caught up with my body, and I screamed. The air ran out faster than normal. Dust 
coated my tongue when my scream ran out, leaving me coughing. 
I tried to gather my strength to move the rock pinning my left arm, but I was too weak from being here for hours. 
Hours? I shook my head. I haven’t been in here for hours. The tunnel was less than a minute ago…unless I was knocked unconscious. I tried to shake my head again to clear it, but it just made me dizzy. “HELLO!” I screamed again. Panic crawled up my throat. 
“Hold on, Gav!” Ronnie’s voice called back to me. “Don’t panic. You will use up the air. We are coming for you. Just hold on.” 
I leaned against the stones I was wedged between. My head hit the edge of the rock, making me wince again. I knew it was getting to the end. I wouldn’t make it. “I’m sorry, Ains, Amy… I guess it’s not in the cards for us.” The wisp I made flickered once…twice, before my magic faded, and the light faded with it. 
“Amy!” I opened my eyes to find Rowan cupping my face. The realization slammed into me, making my stomach roll. “Baby?” He leaned in and kissed me. “You scared the shit out of me.” He pulled back, and I saw the pale color of his skin. “You dropped to the ground, and your eyes…” 
2/4 
1:21 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 575 
“What?” My throat felt raw, like I was breathing in a ton of dust. 
2 49% 
+25 BONUS 
“They went white…like Carly’s.” Toya peaked around his shoulder. “You have visions?” 
I blinked up at them and took a breath. The coughing started, and I had to push away from Rowan before I started throwing up. The dark, thick liquid pooled under me. 
“Why is she throwing up dirt?” Rick leaned closer.. 
“What are you talking about?” Toya looked up at him from my 
side. 
Rick just pulled out his phone and turned on the flashlight. “Look. It’s not food. The dark stuff in her bile. It’s dirt.” He turned to me as I caught my breath. “Why are you throwing up 
dirt?” 
“My dad…” I finally cleared my lungs and pushed to my feet. I staggered down the darkened tunnel. “My dad is trapped.” 
###Next D 576
I heard Rowan following behind me closely, and Toya and Rick were trailing him. But my entire world had narrowed to the darkness in front of my face. I was waiting for the light change that signified the end of the tunnel. 
“Amy.” Rowan reached for my hand, and I grabbed for his, threading my fingers into his. 
“He’s caught Rowan. He was caught in a cave–in, and he’s dying.” The panic I was ignoring spiked. My voice trembled as I pulled him after me. “I was inside him, and I know how that sounds, but I was him. I felt the rocks trapping me, and the cries from other trapped wolves.” I stumbled when my foot slammed into the bottom step and my knee bashed into the next. “Fuck.” I caught myself before my face smashed into the stone. 
Rowan helped pick me up and we started up the stairs. “I won’t question if your sure, because I can hear you are. But do you know if you saw something that’s already happened, something thats right now, or something going to happen?” 
His question had my blood freezing in my veins. I closed my eyes for a second. “I wish it were something he had already lived through. That means he had already survived it. But I can feel it in my bones that he’s there now.” I pushed up on the hatch, and it flew open, hitting the ground. I called another wisp to me. The wisp lit up the dark underbelly of the gazebo. I had to find the panel that opened, and when it finally clicked open, I was out. I was running towards the house, and then passed it. 
Everyone stumbled out. “Amy?” I turned to see Greyson running towards me with Cass. “Where the heck did you come from?” 
I waved my hand. “Where is my dad?” 
Cass’s face crumpled. “He’s in the caves.” My heart stopped for a second. “I don’rt think he made it Aim. He hasn’t answered in over an hour.” 
I clutched Rowan’s hand tighter. He stepped up. “Why are you here?” He furrowed his brow as he stepped forward a little. 
1/4 
1:21 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 576 
49% 
+25 BONUS 
Greyson looked at Cass. “Ronnie sent us to the house to see if there was any news from you.” He looked back at the house. “I was searching for my phone charger when Cass looked out the window and spotted you out here.” He wiped at his face. 
“Where is everyone else?” Toya looked behind us. “The house seems dead.” 
“Your father and pack are hunting the rogues that escaped the caves before the explosions.” Greyson nodded into the trees. “We have a gathering point by the caves. The Omegas are running back and forth with food and medical supplies.” 
“Why?” Rick pointed back to the houses and the obvious medical building down the street. “Why not bring everyone back home to eat or get treated? It’s safer.” 
Cass looked up at m, y face with tears pooling. “Because no one is willing to leave the Alpha. Every able body is digging out the cave.” I turned on my heel and shifted. Nix’s flowed from me faster than ever before. Her fur flowed down my body. With one leap and I was running on all fours. “Amy! Wait!” Cass called after me. “I can’t shift right now. 
“Then bring the rest. I can’t wait for you.” Nix’s voice called back, colder than normal. Erubus caught up next to me, and we ran side by side. “You followed?“. 
“Did you 
think I would leave my mate to save our father together?” Erubus scoffed. “Come love. I would never leave you to do this alone.” He cut a glance at my face. “But I will say 
this.” 
I looked at him and waited. “What?” 
“Once we save your father, our people, and this realm…I would like to go for a run. Just the two of us.” His wolfish grin overtook his face. “Chasing you through the woods again sounds amazing.” His rumble shook the trees as we passed. 
If my wolf could blush, she would have in that moment. Focus! I called out to my wolf, and she ran faster. “Focus, mate.” She called back to Erubus. “Let’s save our father before we circle back to that run.” We wove through the trees, and I pushed when I saw the cliff up 
ahead. 
2/4 
1:21 PM Wed 1 Oct 
Chapter 576 
49% 
+25 BONUS 
There were lights everywhere in the clearing once we pushed through the bushes. Wolves were running around with arms full of random supplies. Cries were coming from the left, and I realized that there was the makeshift infirmary tent. 
The tent was event–sized and, by the looks of it, completely full. Blood filled the air, and normally I would have stopped to check in, but I heard a voice call out. 
“Come on, Gav.” Ronnie’s voice was thick. “Answer me.” 
I dove from the cliff and half ran, half rolled down the side of the mountain. Ronnie was pressed against the side of the entrance, while wolves moved stone after stone from the cave in. He looked behind him at the commotion and saw me barreling towards him, and I saw the pain fill his eyes. He stood and held open his arms. “Pup.” His lips trembled, and I saw the fear in his eyes. 
And I saw death in his eyes. My father’s death. 
3/4 
###Next D 577
Chapter 577 
46% 
+35 BONUS 
Chapter 577 
I shifted, stepping out of my wolf’s form to the gasps of onlookers, and I ran to Ronnie. “What happened?” I knew there was a cave–in, obviously, but I needed to hear how it happened so I could figure out how to save 
everyone. 
Ronnie pulled me into a hug so tight it squeezed the air out of my lungs. His breathing was ragged as he pulled back to kiss me on my temple. “I’m so fucking sorry, Aim.” I pulled away only to see his eyes overflow with tears. “It was my fault.” 
“What was?” I looked up at my uncle, and he pulled away. 
“He’s dead because of me.” He shook his head as a sob broke through. He looked back into my eyes as more 
tears trailed down his face. “He stopped answering, and I can’t get through to him.” He screamed, and the sound would haunt me for years to come. 
“Beta Ronnie.” Rowan stepped up next to us, but Ronnie was shaking again. 
“I’m not a Beta, look at me.” He snarled. He dropped to his knees as Tina ran up to us. “I’m pathetic.” Ronnie 
looked down at his hands as if he were seeing something that wasn’t there. 
Tina moved slowly as 
She approached his side, like she had tried before and it didn’t work. Her eyes caught mine, and she gave a tiny shake. “You lost half your blood supply dragging half the wolves up in the med tent 
before the main cavern collapsed.” Tina dropped down next to him. “You almost lost your arm when we found 
you under the rocks.” Her voice trembled a bit. “You are exhausted, hungry, healing, and your best friend is 
trapped. You are not expected to hold yourself together all the time. It’s understandable.” Tina squeezed him to 
her swollen belly, and Ronnie sagged against her. 
“Uncle Ronnie?” I crouched down next to the couple. I checked his pulse. Thready but there. “Rowan? Can you 
run him up to the tent? He needs medical attention.” I looked up to my mate and waited for him to nod. Tina 
stood as Rowan picked up my uncle and turned back up the hill. She went to follow, but I grabbed her hand. “Can you tell me what happened before you go?” 
Tina looked towards the hilltop and nodded. “Of course.” She nodded towards the cave entrance, where a few 
wolves were still digging. “We moved on the cave yesterday.” Tina looked exhausted as she waddled towards the biggest rocks covering most of the entrance. “Everything was going as planned but then…” She swallowed. “There was an explosion. Ronnie and your father stayed back to make sure everyone got out.” She looked back at me. “I was terrified when we felt it at the pack house.” 
1/3 
5:10 PM Sat 4 Oct 
Chapter 577 
I tilted my head. “Felt what?” I reached out to trace the rock blocking the way, and I had an idea. 
“The cave in.” Tina shuddered a breath. “And the panic.” 
My eyes closed as I sent fingers probing through the cracks. “The panic?” 
46% 
+35 BONUS 
My eyes were closed, but I felt the air shift, and I knew she was nodding. “Yeah. It hit the entire pack. The 
wolves that got out sent messages, but also…” She swallowed past a lump. “The ones trapped called out. All at the same time. The pain and panic were almost overwhelming.” She leaned against the rock, and her breathing picked up. “The screams will be something I dream of for a long time…and not in a good way.” Her head hit the stone. “Every wolf ran here, and Greyson took control. He called for every able body to move rocks, and for the women to set up the med tent following the doctor’s orders.” 
“Where was Ronnie?” Half my mind was gone, crawling through the crevices, but I tried to keep the conversation going. I opened my eyes for a second, and Tina was gripping her stomach. “Tina?” I watched her breathing pick up and then her stomach cramped. Alannah flashed in my mind, and her labor and I reached for 
Tina. 
She waved me off. She stayed like that for a few seconds more before she breathed out. “False labor from stress. 
Had the doctor check me over last time Ronnie…” She stretched her neck back. 
“Ronnie what?” I pulled back my attention. 
Tina sighed. “I tried to get him to leave and he fought me. I fell.” I let out a growl but she waved me off again. “It was my own fault. I lost my balance and fell. He just refused to move from here. Where he could hear your 
dad.” She looked up. “He feels guilty.” 
“Why?” I turned back to the rocks. My magic dancing back through the cracks. My magic hit something not 
solid… the cooper taste hit my mind and I knew it was blood before I heard Tina’s answer. 1 
“Because your father saved him.” . 
Today’s Bonus Offer 
GET IT N… 
X 
###Next D 578
Chapter 578 
My magic recoiled from the blood, but I had to push forward. I was just pushing past the growing pool when his words finally registered. I froze for a second. “My dad saved Ronnie?” My eyes snapped open to see her face 
pale. 
“Please don’t hate him.” She reached for my hand. “He wouldn’t be able to live if you blamed him too. He is 
already blaming himself.” 
“Tina.” I grabbed her hands and squeezed. “Breathe.” I sent calming thoughts to her and used my gamma aura 
to settle her. I didn’t want her going into real labor when we had a crisis on our hands. One labor was enough 
tonight. “It’s okay. I would never blame him. I know my father. And I can almost guess that when he saw the 
ceiling collapse, he pushed Ronnie towards the entrance.” 2 
A tear fell from Tina’s eye as she nodded. “He grabbed Ronnie’s hand and whipped him out as they ran. But the 
cave–in was faster. They were still caught.” She shuddered as another cramp came on. She groaned as she 
cupped her belly. 
Rowan ran back up to us, and his eyes bounced between the two of us. “Is everything okay?” 
Tina nodded. “Just peachy.” She breathed out once more and then stood. “They had rigged more explosives that we missed, and the entire ceiling came down on them.” She closed her eyes. “We dug for about an hour 
before we got Ronnie out.” She pointed to a spot a few feet away. “The rocks were out to there; we pulled about twenty–five wolves out of the first few feet.” She looked at me. “They were almost free, and everything fell.” 
“How many are still buried?” 
She shrugged. “We don’t know who survived the fight, and who didn’t. But we are missing about fifteen more wolves. The rest went hunting.” 
I nodded. I have to find fifteen bodies. “Rowan, take her to her mate, please.” I turned to the stones. 
“Amy.” He came up behind me and kissed my shoulder. “Don’t do anything stupid until I get back.” He waited for my answer, still tense behind my back. 
“No promises.” I smirked over my shoulder at him and kissed his lips. “Be fast.” He nodded once and then scooped Tina up. 
“Stay safe.” Then he was gone once again. 
1/4 
5:10 PM Sat 4 Oct 
Chapter 578 
+35 BONUS 
I turned back to the cave–in. This time I sent all of my magic flowing through the rocks. My entire being whittled down to the tiny cracks between the unsteady rocks. Someone who was still alive shifted, and a few more rocks tumbled. I felt the cry for help as the weight on top of the wolf increased. 
“Please…someone.” Their whispered words resonated with my magic. I couldn’t hear them with my ears, but my magic pulled their pleas to me. “I can’t breathe.” I couldn’t tell who it was, but it reinforced that I was on a timer. If I was going to save anyone…including my father. I had to move fast. 
I pulled back enough to move stuff around, but someone’s scream had me whirling. Rocks tumbled down in a waterfall. They poured from the entrance, covering a foot past where they were before. An Omega was panting 
where he fell, with a boulder next to him. 
His eyes bounced to me. “I’m sorry, Alpha Amy, I was just trying to help.” His eyes bounced to me and the 
rocks. The scent of terror and sadness hit me. 
I smiled at him. “Toby. It’s not your fault. Take a breath.” I nodded towards him, and another wolf came over to help him up. “Can everyone take a step back for a second?” Everyone nodded and moved back. 
Nix paced with Megan. We have to hurry, or else every life we are trying to save will be lost. 
Megan sniffed. The rocks are unstable. And obviously so is the ceiling of the cave. 
I swallowed. What should we do? 
Nix nodded toward the flowerpot. We push everything into our magic. 
Megan trailed her to the clearing. Hold the ceiling in place to prevent a second cave–in. And then move the 
rocks out. 
But we will have to move fast. I paced on the spot. Both my wolves nodded. “I don’t know if I have enough 
power for that.” 
“You can take from me, can’t you?” Rowan’s voice surprised me. 
I spun, facing him. “What?” 
“Power. I know I don’t have magic, but you can take from me, can’t you? Through our bond.” 
“I don’t know.” I looked at the rocks. 
“Well, let’s try.” He smiled as he came up behind me again. “Is there a spell?” 
– 2/4 
5:10 PM Sat 4 Oct 
Chapter 578 
46% 
+35 BONUS 
I shuffled through the book in my mind. Found the one I would need to pull power to me, and the ones I would 
need to move the rocks. I nodded. “Yeah. There is.” 
“What do we have to do?” 
I swallowed. “If I pull too much, break the bridge.” 
“The bridge?” He wrapped his arms around me. “What’s that?” 
“Touch my skin. Like a bridge. If you start to feel sick, let me go. Or else…” 
“Or else what?” His words were soft as I looked at my mate. 
“I’ll drain you dry and kill you.” 1 
###Next D 579
Chapter 579 
I nodded once, but I held out my hand. “Wait.” I turned to look at the wolves waiting. The fear scented the air. Fear and desolation. The pack was already morning my father. I opened my mind- link to everyone in the pack. “Silvermoon. Hear me.” I felt the pack grow still. The silence carried over the pack bonds. Rowan nodded. “I am going to do my best to save the ones buried in the cave. But I need able–bodied wolves down here. Injured wolves, and the ones treating them stay in place, but everyone else, come to the caves.” 
“Amy?” Rowan leaned into me. “What are you doing?” 
I looked at my mate and I let him see my fear, my terror. “I don’t know how much I can do. But I know I can move enough that we have a shot at saving some. But I can’t do it all alone. If I fall… maybe they can dig the rest out, but only if we move fast enough.” 
Rowan glanced over my shoulder to the cave. “But the ceiling.” 
I nodded once and turned. “It will be the last thing I will hold.” What I didn’t say…was that I was sure that I would drain myself…and him doing it. “Toby!” I called for the Omega, and thankfully he came running. 
“Yes, Alpha.” He shook, and I felt bad. 
“I’m not going to yell at you. I need you here.” I pointed next to Rowan. 
“Anything for you.” Toby gave a tiny bow. I grabbed him and pulled him back up. 
Rowan frowned and nodded towards the Omega. “What do you need him for?” He looked a little hurt, like I didn’t think he was enough. 
“He is our safety net.” I turned to the rocks. “When I start, I need you to watch us, Toby. If Rowan starts to shake, if he changes color, or falls…” I turned to look at the two men. “I need you to pull him away from me.” 
Rowan growled as he grabbed me. “Amy.” He started, but I held up my hand, cutting him off. 
Toby swallowed past a lump, but I grabbed for him. “Can you do that for me?” 
Toby nodded. “Yes. Yes, I can.” Rowan growled again, and Toby flinched away. 
“Rowan, stop.” I cut him a glare. “I know you would push all you have into me, but I am not willing to kill you.” I grabbed his hand. “I can’t control the drain while I am focused on the ceiling, the rocks, and the wolves buried in there. I need you to live…and I need someone to ensure you do.” He watched me for a few seconds before nodding once. 
“Fine.” 
1/2 
+25 BONUS 
“Thank you.” 
Toby leaned in. “What are you talking about? Draining him how?” We both turned, and poor Toby held up his hands in surrender. “Sorry. I’ll mind my own business.” 
I puffed out my cheeks. “No. No. You’re right. I’ve just spent so long covering it up that saying it out loud seems wrong.” I blew out my cheeks. “I have magic.” Toby nodded along and waited. I looked at Rowan, confused. 
Toby looked between us. Rowan looked from my face to his. “Like real magic.” He emphasized the word. 
Toby kept nodding. “And?” He looked between us again and gave a small smile. “Your father…” He laughed again. “He isn’t as sneaky as he likes to think. The main pack members…we all know. We have known for a while.” He looked at me. “I assumed you inherited the magic…that’s how you saved everyone from Aurora.” He tilted his head and I just nodded. His smile was soft, but confident. “So what are you doing…just so I know what to do.” 
I felt my mouth just hanging open for a second. “I’m going to use my magic to stabilize the ceiling and then move as many rocks as I can out of the cave.” 
He nodded once. “Okay.” He looked back to the cave. “So when you run out of juice, you will pull from the King. And that’s why you want me watching.” I nodded. “Okay.” He turned to Rowan. “I’ll make sure you’re both safe.” His words were soft, but filled with sincerity. 
I patted his shoulder and turned back to the gathering crowd. “Silvermoon, hear me!” I called out and raised my hands, waiting for everyone to turn their attention to me. “Our wolves are buried, and I’m going to do my damndest to get them out. But I need you with me.” A cheer went out. I waved my hand to quiet them down. “When I move the rocks, I need you all to be ready. If you see someone, run in and grab them.” Everyone nodded. “If I fail…or falter. Or drop. You all need to run in and do your best to still dig. You will have a small window to save anyone you can.” Another wave of nods went through the crowd. I turned back to the cave. “Let’s do this.” 
2/
###Next D 580
Chapter 580 
+25 BONUS 
I walked to the cave and got to my knees at the side of the opening. Why are you getting on your knees? Megan’s voice was confused as she curled up around the pot. 
Nix settled on the other side, getting ready to pour her power into our magic. She’s getting closer to the ground in case she drops. Saves her head. Megan nodded and closed her eyes. 
Makes sense. She peeked out once more. Save our father, Amy. 
“I will.” I whispered as they sank into the magic. I was left alone for the first time since I had found them. Erubus burst into the clearing and dropped next to them, his front paw draped over Megan and his snout pressed against Nix’s. 
I will stay with them. He peeked at me before he sank into the magic growing around the clearing. Don’t kill us, mate. He chuckled as he gave himself to the magic. The flowerpot was glowing, pulsing with my heartbeat, and the wind churned around the clearing. 
Rowan’s arms wrapped around my stomach. “I’m here.” The heat from his chest pressed against my back, steadying my racing heart. 
His words were the catalyst. My magic rushed to my fingers, and I nodded once before I whispered the spell I needed to hold the ceiling at bay. “Ictor hedlin hor neflin bak co fash.” My magic raced through the cracks like water. It flowed upwards, and I felt the tendrils weaving a net to hold back the rocks. I could feel how unsteady it was, and my mouth grew dry. There was no way I was going to be able to do this. 
Rowan leaned against my neck. “I believe in you.” His whispered words made my magic flow faster. His belief in me made me steadier. The woven net holding back the rocks turned into a solid shield. ” You can do this.” His lips brushed my ear, and for the first time since I had come into my power, the doubts that clouded my mind fled. 
“Shif po clinta seg mon pul.” The second spell sprang to my lips, and I thought I heard a gasp, but I couldn’t let my attention slip. My magic flowed through the rocks, searching for the places of the wolves trapped under the stones, and then it started digging towards them. Rock after rock pulled free, and I heard a few calls go out. 
— 
My entire being became these rocks – big, small and in between. I pulled them all, flinging them off into the night. But I kept moving, kept pulling. I heard a scream go up, and I felt someone rush in, but I focused on the blood. I traced it to another body, and another. Cries of pain, of relief rang out time and time again, but I kept moving, kept pushing. 
“Amy. I love you.” Rowan’s words were soft. “Never forget that.” His arms dropped away, and I wanted to turn, to check, to make sure he was okay, but there was a loud crack that rang out. 
A deep groan came from inside the cave, and the ceiling pressed down against the shield. Tiny 
1/3 
Chapter 580 
? +25 BONUS 
fractures fissured through the magic I had holding up the cave. I cried out as the weight hit me, but I pushed it all back. “Hurry!” I called out. My magic was waning, and I was losing my hold. 
My magic splintered, and I was breathless when a dark shadow ran into the clearing. I turned to the intruder and nearly cried in relief. “Loki.” I wanted to run to him, but he ran straight to the flowerpot, to my wolves. He dropped down, wrapping himself around the trio there. 
Hi pup. His eyes were sad. Your father sent me. 
“You’re safe.” I smiled as I felt the rocks shift again, and more fractures cracked through my shield. I had to stop shifting rocks and fully focus the last of my magic on the shield. 
Loki looked up, and my heart shattered. He shook his head once. No pup. We aren’t. But we felt you here, trying to save the pack, so we came to do our duty. 
I shook my head. “No.” 
Loki settled. Silvermoon. His voice rang out through the pack link. It has been my honor to be your Alpha. Amy will look after you. He turned once more to face me. I love you so much, pup. So does your 
dad. 
“I can save you.” I called out, pain echoing off the rocks. “Please. Let me save you.” I begged as I pushed more of my magic out. I pulled the last bit I had from my wolves, from Erubus, and I knew it wasn’t going to be enough. My power stumbled and then steadied. I kept pushing. “Please.” 
I love you, baby girl. My dad’s voice bounced off the rocks; my magic pulled his last whispered words to me; and then everything went black. (1 
###Next D 581
My entire world shattered as my vision flickered black again. But I heard some wolves call out, and I knew I had to hold the shield for as long as I could. Even if my father was gone… 
The words caught in my throat. I couldn’t think about it. Hold the shield. Protect the pack as long as I could. Those words became a mantra, even as I felt my wolves start to fade. Even as Loki disappeared. I wanted to stop. To save him, but I was duty bound to hold the cave for everyone else. 
I felt tears coursing down my face as my heart splintered. My mind flickered to my mom, and a heard a sob break free from my lips. She had just gotten her mate back, and now he was gone. I felt my power sag again, and someone cried out as a rock snuck past the shield, hitting the ground near them. I wish I could look to see if they were pulling people free, but my world was still dark. 
Darkness had long taken over the clearing in my mind. I was down to the tiny flickering flame of my magic. Everything else was gone. I pushed the last bit I had to my magic, causing the flame to flare a little. I had hoped to see my wolves still curled around the pot, but there was nothing. My wolves had faded completely. Erubus and Loki were gone too. Even the flowerpot was gone. I felt my consciousness fade, and I knew I was dying as well. Hold the shield. Give them as much time as they could go free the ones trapped. I collapsed against the ground, hand outstretched to the flame, and I said my goodbyes. 
“I’m sorry I couldn’t save you, Daddy.” My words were a shuddered whisper as the last of my magic faded. Arms wrapped around my waist, comforting me, but the power draining from my fingertips surged with the connection. The flame that was flickering steadied. 
“I have you.” Rowan’s words whispered against my ear and I wanted to fight. 
“No.” I tried to push against him. “I can’t kill you too.” I tried to pull away, but he was too strong, and I was exhausted. 
“We have you, ladybug.” Ronnie’s voice called to me from within the abyss, and my magic surged. ” Silvermoon!” His voice rang out, and my mind exploded with voices. 
“We are here for you, Amy!” 
“We are so close!” 
“We can do this!” 
“You saved me, Amy…now we can save you too.” A tiny voice called out, and a tiny hand wrapped around my hand, pulling me from the darkness. My eyes blinked open, and I was staring into Ry’s eyes. His bright grey eyes focused on my face. My mind bounced to the last day I saw him. 
“You’ve gotten big.” It was the only thought I had. 
1/3 
chapter b 
+25 BONUS 
May ran through the crowd and skidded next to her brother. “You saved my daddy. We can help save yours too.” Her sweet voice called to me as she wrapped her arms around my waist, and the darkness 
my mind started to fade. 
in 
More and more wolves came over, hands touching me, touching Rowan, sharing their strength. Sharing their power and I sobbed. Our power surged, the splintering shield solidified, and reformed, pushing back the rocks in the ceiling as a few wolves stayed separate to run in for the wolves still 
under rocks. 
With the shield solid again, rocks started flying back out of the cave, everyone faster than the last. I couldn’t look, dread still pooling in my chest whenever another body was dragged out. I kept my eyes on Ry’s. He never looked away. 
His tiny face was so fierce as he stared up at me. “It’s okay to be afraid.” His voice was older than it should have been. “My dad told me that fear is just your body warning you. You can be afraid and still be brave enough to do what you have to do.” His lip quivered. “You are the bravest person I know, Amy. You saved everyone and still made sure we were safe when you were hurt. You are strong too. My mom told me that I get my strength from my dad, so that has to be where you get yours too. If you are this strong, then Alpha Gavin has to be crazy strong.” I couldn’t speak, but I felt a tear fall as I nodded. Ry smiled. “Don’t cry. You’re my hero, and if your dad is stronger than you, then there is no way that the goddess would take him yet, right?” The little boy whom I had saved was staring up at me expectantly. “Right?” 
I felt another tear fall. “Right.” My answer was soft as I felt a few people run through the cave. 
I heard a call go out. “Hey!” There was someone stumbling in the dark. “I have someone!” 
###Next D 582
I focused on the little boy in front of me. His little sister clung to my side as voices rang out around me. “Is that everyone?” 
“I don’t know.” Another voice called out. 
“How many were missing?” 
“How many did we pull out?” 
“Baby.” Rowan’s voice called my attention back. “Amy?” 
“Yeah?” I shook my head to clear it of the mist that seemed to still coat it. 
“Did you hear me?” Rowan leaned over my shoulder and stared into my eyes. 
“What?” 
“Did you hear me?” 
My mind processed what he was saying. “What? No…Yes, I mean. Yes, I can hear you.” 
Rowan smiled. “I’ll take that as I no. You didn’t hear what I said.” I must have frowned because he smiled bigger. “I need you to stop pulling rocks out and instead look for anyone else still buried.” I must have paled because he reached out and cupped my face. “We just need to be sure there is no one else still buried. We don’t want to leave anyone trapped still.” His face fell for a second. “Everyone deserves to come home.” 
I nodded once and licked my lips before I realized my mouth was completely dry. “Sure.” A swallowed past the lump in my throat. “Everyone needs to come home.” I dropped the rocks I had my magic had in it’s clucthes safely before I sent my magic trailing through the rest of the collapsed cave. It ran through gaps, and wiggled through the tiny crevices that we left open to it. But there was nothing left alive in the cave. “Everyhting is dead.” Rowan nodded once when I met his eyes. 
“That’s fine, baby. Look for bodies. We need to bring everyone home.” Bodies…right. I sent my magic back out, trailing through blood puddles and dust motes, searching for anything that wasn’t supposed to be there. “Look for pack mates. We don’t need to look for rogues.‘ 
My magic faltered. “I can’t tell the difference between pack or a rogue when they are already dead.” 
“We are accounted for.” Someone called out. 
Ronnie’s voice wavered from beside me. “We brought everyone home. Get free. Amy, when I tell you, let it all go.” 
I shook my head. “My dad-” 
1/4 
Chapter 582 
+25 BONUS 
“Is already free. You can let it all go.” His voice wavered again, like he was holding something back, and I finally nodded. 
“Okay. If you’re sure.” I felt my eyes glaze over as Rowan nodded once. “Tell me once everyone is free.” 
It took a second before his words reached me again. “You can let go.” I took a deep breath and pulled back my magic. I felt the cave collapse section by section as I pulled back all the magic. My vision flickered once as I heard a cry and staggered back into Rowan’s arms as the magic snapped back to me. His arms wrapped around my shoulders and legs, and then I was in his arms. My head lolled against his shoulder. “I have you, baby.” His words pulled me under, the exhaustion taking me away on the winds. 
Nix, Megan! I called out into my mind as the world faded from focus. Are you still here? Erubus? Loki? Panic gripped me. My father was gone, but I hoped I could keep his wolf in my mind. That tiny fracture staying alive within me, but there was no answer. NIX! MEGAN! I started to worry I had lost everything. 
Still loud as ever, Aim. Nix’s tired voice called out to me from a corner of my mind. 
I sobbed out. You’re alive? 
You can’t get rid of us that easily. Megan called back, but even she sounded wiped. 
My clearing flickered into existence as the darkness finally cleared from my mind. Two dark shapes faded into the trees just as the light came back. Loki! Don’t leave me alone. I ran towards the trees 
where I saw his back fade from view. 
He can’t stay here with us, Amy. You know that. Nix’s voice called back to me, and I turned back to the flowerpot that my two wolves were wrapped around. 
I dropped to my knees beside them. I can’t lose him. I reached for my two wolves and then struggled to my side. 
You can’t lose him, Amy. He’s our father. Even when he goes to the goddess. He will always be a part of who we are. Nix nuzzled my cheek as I started to cry. 
Megan curled into my lap. You still have us. 
— 
That thought made me cry harder. My wolves – I nearly lost them. I wrapped them both in my 
arms. You can’t leave me. 
Never. Nix leaned against my side. 
We will always be with you, Amy. Megan sighed as she snuggled deeper into my lap. 
You are stuck with us. Nix collapsed against me. Love you Amy. 
2/4 
Chapter 582 
+25 BONUS 
Megan nodded once. I love you too, Amy. I’m happy we didn’t die. 
I snuggled into both of their furs. I love you both so fucking much. I felt the darkness eat away at my 
conscience. 
Sleep pup. A soft voice called from the trees. I cracked an eye only to see my grandmother walking over. I will watch over you three. Sleep. Recoup. This isn’t over yet. Her last words were a whispered threat that hung in the air, but I was too exhausted to ask her what she meant. The darkness pulled me under completely. 4 
###Next D 583
Chapter 583 
The waking world returned to me in tiny fragments. My eyes were still closed, my mind half awake, but I felt fingers intertwined in both of my hands on either side of me. I felt my fingers twitch, and both hands tightened on mine. 
“Baby?” Rowan’s words were a soft siren call, pulling me from the depths of the darkness that held me. I felt the tendrils of blackness slowly slipping from my body as I swam to the surface of my conscience. “Baby? Are you there?” 
I tried to talk. I’m here. I called out, but my mouth refused to move. I was still fighting the hold of exhaustion that still ate away at the edges of my mind. I’m here. I tried again, but my body still refused to listen. 
I kept fighting because I needed to re4ach Rowan, and my dad. (1) 
That thought was like a bomb going off in my mind. Everything came rushing back. The cave–in, my magic failing, Ry’s words. My dad’s last goodbye. I felt the burn behind my closed eyes as tears trailed down my cheeks. 
“Baby?” Rowan’s fingers trailed over my face, wiping away my tears. 
I felt my lips tremble and finally my words broke free. “My dad’s dead.” The sob that broke free from my chest held everything I couldn’t say. My eyelids fluttered open, and I saw Rowan’s face leaning close on my left. But I couldn’t look into his love–filled eyes when everything in my soul was crying out. I knew he would want to take that pain away, but it was something I needed to face. Because I 
was the reason he was dead. 
I closed my eyes and turned away but a soft tug at my right hand had my eyes peeking open. A haggard, blood–coated man stared back at me with golden eyes. “Who said I was dead, pup?” I leapt off the cot and dove into his arms. 
“You’re alive?” I pulled away fast enough to catch the wince, and I jerked back. “How?” My hands danced over his injuries. “Why aren’t you healing?” I looked around. “Why isn’t anyone healing?” 
The doctor, who was a few cots away, stood up and wiped his face. “Wolfsbane. Everyone here has wolfsbane in their bloodstream, and we don’t have enough lupine extract to combat it.” He turned to face me. “Everyone will have to heal human slowly if we can’t find more.” He looked down at my father, who started coughing, blood splattering his cheek. “And for some…that isn’t an option.” 
I pushed up. “How much do we have left here?” I looked back down at my father, and I knew I was still on the clock. 
The doctor nodded towards a cart of saline bags. “About twenty bags.” He sighed. “But we need almost triple or four times that to clear the wolfsbane out of everyone.” 
1/4 
Chapter 583 
+25 BONUS 
I pushed off my father’s bed, and my vision wavered. Rowan’s arms caught me and steadied me.” How much do you need to clear the wolfsbane out of the ones that are critical?” 
The doctor looks around. “I don’t know.” 
I walked closer to him. “We don’t need their systems fully purged, just enough that their healing can kick in enough to save their lives. 
He spun in a circle. “I don’t know. It will be different for everyone.” He looked a little manic. “I, I, I don’t know.” He threw his hands up, and I could see the exhaustion in his eyes. 
“Where can we get the closest supply?” I looked between my father and the doctor. One of them 
would know. 
The doctor sighed. “I tried to get more this morning. The council denied the request.” I snapped my head toward Rowan and I watched his face darken. “They said that Silvermoon was eradicated years ago, and now trying to fill out an order for that pack is not only fraudulent, but anyone being on this land will be arrested. By order of the King.” The doctor cut a look at my mate. “They said they were heading here at the end of the call.” 
“When was the call made?” Rowan’s voice was low, almost threatening. 
The doctor pulled out his phone. “I made it three hours ago.” 
Rowan nodded. “That means we have four hours tops until they are at our door.” He looked between the doctor and my dad. “I need you to prioritize Gavin. Get him close enough to heal most of his wounds. Put the others on one bag. That will give Amy and me enough time to get more.” He held out 
a hand to me. “Don’t let anyone die.” 
The doctor nodded. “We will need the fresh bags within the hour.” 
I nodded once. “Okay.” I got to my feet and looked at my father. “Stay alive.” He gave a tiny nod as I turned away. “Where is Ronnie?” The doctor pointed to another cot. Rowan and I headed that way. Uncle Ronnie.” He jumped up from the bed and wrapped me in a bug hug. 
“You did it, pup. You saved him” He pulled back with tears streaming down his face. 
“Not yet. We need meds.” Ronnie nodded once and opened his mouth but I stopped him. “I needed to talk to you.” 
“Sure.” He settled back on top of his cot, and I joined him. “What’s up?” 
“You are in charge until I get back or my dad improves enough.” He nodded again. “I need you to do one more thing for me.” 
“Anything for you, ladybug.” 
2/4 
Chapter 583 
I smiled. “I need you to watch the pack and see if anyone is acting suspiciously.” 
“Why?” He looked around the tent. 
+25 BONUS 
“Because someone doused the pack with wolfsbane. And to the world, you all are still dead. So it had to be someone in the pack that had access to the food or water.” 
Ronnie looked. “We would have noticed.” 
I shrugged. “Not if it was hidden in something that covered the burn.” I stood and patted his shoulder. “No one is safe right now. We will be fast.” I walked away, looking back only once. Ronnie was still on his cot, looking a little lost. 
“Is he okay?” Rowan looked back at where I was looking. 
“I don’t know. But that’s something we will have to deal with later.” 
“Betrayal cuts deep when it isn’t expected.” 
I laughed. “I don’t think it counts as betrayal if it was expected.” 
3/4 
###Next D 584
Chapter 584 
We cleared the tent and ran into Toya. “Are you okay?” I grabbed for her. The cut on her face was healing as I watched, and the worry I had disappeared. 
She grinned. “Yeah. My family just got back from hunting down some runners. We just came back to check in before we went for another run.” She looked around. “Everything good here?” 
I shook my head once. “I’ll send Nix to you to explain. We are heading back to the pack house.” I sighed. I grabbed her arm once. “Stay safe until we get back.” 
She tilted her head and nodded once. “Be safe.” 
I smiled at her, then I shifted into Nix and started running. Megan…go tell Toya everything. She took off before I hit the trees. 
Erubus caught up with me, and we ran to the pack house in silence. “We are heading back to Vince’s pack, right?” 
I nodded once. “They have a med building, and I’m sure they have a huge stock of what we need.” I called over to him. “Plus…” 
“Plus what?” 
“It gives me a second to check in on Alannah.” We ran past the pack house, and something I couldn’t put my finger on had my hackles raising. 
“What the fuck is that?” Rowan’s voice was a soft whisper from his wolf’s mouth as he sidled up 
next to me. 
“Nothing good.” I kept running. “But something we will have to check on later.” I headed straight to the gazebo and shifted back into my human form as I stepped next to the panel. Rowan was right behind me. “Let’s go.” 
We ran back under the gazebo and up the stairs to the cliff. I ran straight through the front door and up the stairs. “Amy!” I heard Shelly call after me in confusion, but Carly’s soft voice called after us. 
“She has to save people.” 
I ran into the room to find Alannah still in labor, drenched in sweat. “You’ve got this, baby.” Ternen was still there, holding her softly, and my heart lurched. My mom looked up, confused by the sudden interruption. 
“Why are you back?” She sat back. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing you need to worry about right now. Just take care of everyone here, and I will handle the rest.” I ran past her to the closest and Rowan followed close behind me. 
1/4 
“Sorry, guys.” He tossed out as he ran by, and I almost laughed. 
We pushed into my old room, and I continued out. Rowan stopped in the closest for a second, which made me turn back. “What are you doing?” 
He was rustling around in the closest. He came out with two duffel bags in his hands. “I figured wel would need something to carry everything.” 
I nearly smacked myself. “You’re right.” I smiled as I held out my hand. “Let’s go.” We ran down the stairs of my old home and out the front door into…chaos. People were running around lost. Someone was crying. A child was on the ground with blood on their hands. “What the fuck is going on?” I grabbed the child from the ground. “Celia, where is your mom?” 
The little girl shook her head. “I don’t know. Everyone is going crazy.” 
Rowan started down the street towards the pack house. “Why?” 
Celia sniffled. “The Alpha and Beta are missing.” 
We looked at each other, and I winced. “I’ll send out a mind link.” He nodded and when headed to the pack house. Oakenfang! All pack members come to the pack house front steps. There will be an announcement. Be there in fifteen minutes. 
There was almost a sigh of relief that rippled down the mind link. Then there was a murmur of agreement. Yes, Alpha Amy. 
I turned to Rowan. “We have fifteen minutes.” He nodded. We hit the pack house quickly and found a wolf screaming. 
“Has anyone seen my pup?” She was near historical. 
“Mena.” I called out and held up Celia. 
“Amy! Thank the goddess.” She ran over. “Where did you run off to?” She grabbed Celia from me. ” Are you okay? Are you hurt?” Celia shook her head. “Whose blood is this?” She turned to me, but I held my hands. 
“I found her outside my house like this.” 
“I thought Alpha Amy might help daddy.” She wiped at her nose. “Everyone kept screaming at him, and someone punched his nose.” She wiped at her hands. “I ran to find her.” 
Mena sagged in relief. “Your father is fine, baby girl. He’s looking for you.” She turned to me. Thank you.” 
(( 
“No worries. Be here for the announcement.” Then I nodded off to the right. Rowan followed my fast run to the medical building. We ran through the front door and I started calling out for someone. 
2/4 
Chapter 584 
+25 BONUS 
Luke! Anyone here!” I heard footsteps coming down the hall. 
“Amy? What’s wrong? Whose hurt?” Luke jogged around the corner, already looking for an injury. 
“No one here.” I grabbed him. “I need your entire stock of lupine solution.” 
“What, why?” 
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Luke.” Rowan stepped up next to me, and Luke finally noticed him. 
“Rowan!” He took a few steps, and they were hugging. “It’s been too long.” 
Rowan smiled. “Yeah, it has been. But listen to my mate. Lupine solution. We can catch up after everything has been settled.” Luke nodded. 
“Come on back.” He turned and headed back down the hall. “This is actually perfect. The pack is in complete disarray, and we could use an alpha to calm people down.” 
I nodded. “We have a meeting at the pack house in like ten minutes to address everything.” An idea blossomed in my mind. “Actually, after we grab everything, can you come with us?” 
Luke opened a door and started down rows of supplies. “Of course.” He looked at me for a second. ” Why?” 
I smiled as I started to fill the duffle with the bags he started pulling from the shelf. “I just need your help with something.” 
3/4 
###Next D 585
Chapter 585 
+35 BONUS 
Chapter 585 
Once both bags were full and Vince’s pack was completely drained of lupine solution, we all headed out of the med building. Luke locked the door behind us, and when I tilted my head watching him, he scratched the back of 
his neck. 
“Everyone else is already at the pack house waiting for the meeting. I guess I just locked it out of habit.” The tips of his ears turned a soft pink as I turned away. 
Rowan shifted, and I heard a soft smack that was followed by an indignant yelp. “Don’t flirt with my mate, Luke. You’re my friend, and I’d hate to kill you.” That made me smile as I started toward the pack house. 
“I wasn’t.” Luke tried to deny it, but Rowan just grunted as they both followed me. He cleared his throat. “I assume you need the lupine solution urgently, so why are you having a meeting at the pack house?” 
I puffed out my lips as I thought of my father’s pack. “We do. But as the Alpha of this pack, I also have to worry about the wolves here.” I looked over my shoulder as we turned onto the street of the pack house. Chaos still reigned here. 
“What the fuck is going on?” Luke’s eyes widened when he saw the mess. Wolves were bleeding. A few were still fighting. There were a pair of males in the back half shifted, and taking swipes at each other. 
Rowan sighed. “This is why we needed to do this. And quickly.” I nodded before I released my aura. 
The ones not fighting dropped to their knees. The few still fighting resisted the power because they felt like they were in danger. I turned to the two males beside me. “Go break them up.” Rowan and Luke nodded and ran off as I grabbed both bags and made my way to the steps. Everyone watched me as I pushed out my aura. My alpha aura kept them on their knees, but my gamma abilities kept them calm. “Oakenfang!” I called out, and most bowed their heads. I waited until the fight was over, and the rest dropped to their knees. “One day without an Alpha and you all turn to this?” I lifted my brow and my lip. The older people had the decency to look ashamed. 
“Where is Alpha Vince?” 
“Where is Beta Morgan?” 
“Where the hell are Brandon and Shannon?” Confused voices shouted out question after question. 
I dropped the bags at my feet and crossed my arms. “You are so desperate for the Alpha that farmed you like cattle?” 
“What are you talking about?” An elder of the pack called out, and I allowed her to stand. “What is going on here, Amy? Are you forcibly taking over the pack, the King and council will stop you.” I pointed behind her, and Rowan started my way. I waited for Rowan to join me at the front before I answered anything else. “My King? What is going on here?” She bowed her head in reverence. 
Rowan raised his hands to quiet the murmurs that started as soon as people realized who he was. “Listen, we don’t have time to explain it all. But I am sure some wolves here that have young pups will love to enlighten the others of this pack. Just know that Alpha Vince, Beta Morgan, and Alpha Brandon have all been taken into custody for the crimes that they have committed here.” 
“Where is the Gamma?” 
1/3 
Chapter 585 
I shook my head. “Dead.” Anopther gasp rippled through the crowd. 
“Who is taking over?” Someone called out. 
“What are we going to do?” Another called. 
+35 BONUS 
“Are we being moved? Taken over? What is going to happen to our homes, our schools?” Panic was setting in. 
Rowan pinched the bridge of his nose. He looked at me. “We don’t have time for this.” 
I raised my hands. “Calm Oakenfang.” I sent out another burst of calming aura. Everyone quieted. “Since this is fairly new, we don’t have the answers yet. But no one is moving. No one is transferring unless you request it. And no one will lose their jobs or positions.” I watched them settle. “Luke, join us up here, please.” 
Luke made his way through the crowd, confused. Once he joined us, I waved him forward. “What did you need?” He stared at me as I pulled him in front of me. 
Rowan must have caught on to what I was thinking because he smirked before his arm came up to clap Luke on his shoulder. “This is Doctor Luke, an Alpha wolf who has become a doctor because he was fourth in line for his pack. He trained with the Royal doctor in the capital and has done amazing work with underprivileged families around the region.” A few wolves nodded along. “He will step into the Alpha role for now as a substitute until we have a permanent solution.” 
Luke turned slowly to look at him. “What?” 
“Congratulations, Luke, on the appointment.” I smiled as I patted his back. “We have to run, but you have Rowan’s number. Call if there are any issues.” Then Rowan and I grabbed the bags and stepped down from the steps. 
“Wait!” Luke called, but we were already running back to my house. 
2/3 
Chapter 586 
+35 BONUS 
Chapter 586 
###Next D 586
Chapter 586 
We closed the door behind us, and Rowan laughed. “That was mean…even for you.” I threw my head back and laughed. 
I started up the stairs without looking back. “It’s not like we had a lot of choices. Luke was the best option on the fly, and I need to get back to my father’s place.” 
“I know you’re4 right. His face was funny as fuck though.” He chuckled once more before we headed back through the closet to screaming. 
“Alannah, push.” 1 
“No!” She screamed again. The guttural sounds sent shivers down my spine. Rowan stopped short, and I had to push him inside further so I could step into the cottage. I walked around him toward the closet door. 
“Amy…” His whisper stopped me short, and I turned back. 
“Yeah?” He pointed to his nose in the dark. It took me a second to realize he was telling em to use my nose. I nodded once and turned back to take a deep breath. 1 
“Come on, baby, you can do this.” Ternen’s voice was soft and confident. 
“Once they come, you have to leave again.” She cried out. “I can’t lose you twice in one day.” 
I blocked their voices and started taking deeper breaths. It only took one sniff to catch what Rowan already did. The baby was fading. Alannah was refusing to give birth, and the baby was too close to coming into the world that her refusal to give birth put it in jeopardy. 
I turned to Rowan, and this man was already reaching for the bag. “Stay here. You won’t be able to leave with this happening, but I can get this to the doctor.” 
“Are you sure?” 
He nodded. “I can shift into my Lycan form to be faster and run with the bags.” He kissed me once. “Join us when you handle this.” 
I grabbed his face and kissed him again. “Thank you.” 
“Of course.” He headed straight past everyone near the bed. 
“Rowan?” My mom called after him, but he just kept moving. 
“Mom.” I stepped out of the closet, and she relaxed a little. “What’s going on?” 
She turned back to Alannah. “The babies are ready.” She looked under the blanket that was draped over Alannah’s legs. “But Mom isn’t,” 
I turned to Alannah, and she refused to meet my eyes. “Alannah…” 
“No!” she screamed. “He only stays until the babies are born.” She shook her head back and forth. “If I don’t give birth-” 
1/3 
Chapter 586 
+35 BONUS 
I felt my face tighten. “If you don’t give birth now.” I interrupted her. “Your babies will die, and Ternen will still leave.” Her head snapped to mine, and I saw her wolf flash in her eyes. “What?” I stepped up to the edge of the bed. “You don’t like what I said?” 
“Amy…maybe you should be nicer.” Wendy wiped the sweat from Alannah’s face. 
“Why should I?” I growled out. Alannah’s wolf let out a warning growl. I leaned over, getting into her face.” Growl all you want, but I am your friend, and I am going to tell you the truth without sugarcoating it.” 
Ternen’s voice cracked. “Please, baby.” 
“No!” she snapped out. “I can’t lose you again.” She looked at her mate, and her face softened for a second before turning back to me. 
I nodded once. “Then you and the babies will die, and you can join him.” 
“Amy!” my mother snapped, but I scoffed. “You don’t want to tell her the truth because she is giving birth, but I don’t have time for this.” I turned to her. “Choose.” 
“What?” Confusion bloomed n her face, but another contraction hit and she screamed. 
I waited for the contraction to finish before I said what I needed to. “I said fucking choose. Give birth to your twins, spend the next bit with your mate, and then you get to spend the rest of your life with your pups. OR… continue as you are. Your pup is already dying. I can smell it. Then you lose your pups, your mate, and your life. But you need to fucking choose now.” 
“Amy.” Ternen, Wendy and my mom all shouted at the same time. 
“I have one pack barely holding it together. I have another barely surviving. Rowan is on his way to bring medicine to save not only half the pack from wolfsbane poisoning but also my father. The council is on its way to eradicate everyone at the pack house, and you are here killing your pups, and yourself, because the goddess gave you a fucking gift and it’s still not enough.” I snapped out. Alannah’s eyes were wide, and tears were shimmering in them. “I have about tapped out my patience, and I’m sorry, but that’s the fucking truth. You have been the entire night. With your mate, which is a fucking gift in itself, and still. You are demanding more. More from the Goddess, more from Ternen, from everyone else here. I love you, Alannah, but you are about to make the biggest fucking mistake of your life, and everyone here spent hours coaxing you and you ended up here. I refuse to do that.” She blinked, and the tears flowed down. “So choose. Your pup’s life, or returning to the goddess. Because those are the only choices you have. Either way, Ternen is going back to the Goddess.” 
“But I need him.” She whined as another contraction hit. 
“No, you don’t. You want him. You love him. But you don’t need him to raise these babies.” I climbed up to her and wiped her brow. I softened my words. “So what is it going to be? We don’t have anymore time.” I smelled the truth. “It’s now or never.” 
She looked between me and Ternen. She shuddered once and then nodded. “Let’s have these babies.” 
“Good choice.” 
2/3 
###Next D 587
Chapter 587 
I saw everyone in the room release the breath that they were holding. My mom ducked back under the blanket as Alannah’s legs dropped to the sides. She sobbed as another contraction hit. Temen shuffled over to her left side as I settled next to her on het right. Her hands reached for both of us, and she leaned back into us. 
“I’m here, my love.” Temen leaned over and kissed her sweaty brow. His soft words were meant to comfort her, but I think everyone in the room heard the last part of Alannah’s heart shatter when she let out her next sob 
She turned her head into his shoulder and released everything she had held on to. Her scream ripped through the cabin, and I heard soft, tiny steps coming up the stairs. The door opened, and a wide–eyed Carly stood there for a second. I could still see how tired she was. 
“Baby girl, you shouldn’t be here.” I nodded to Wendy, who turned to bring her back downstairs, but she shook her head and came over to the edge of the bed. Her eyes misted over as she walked 
“You are terrified to live without your mate.” Her voice was ancient, and always a little jarring coming from her little face. Alannah barely acknowledged the words. She kept her nose buried in Temen’s neck, but we all saw her nod. “You worry you cannot do this alone, or that if you get a second chance mate that you would somehow forget your mate here.” Alannah pulled back enough to look into Termen’s face. 
“This will be the last night I see him until I join him with the Goddess. That could be over a hundred years from now.” Tears spilled down her cheeks in a fresh wave. She pulled her hand from mine to cup his face. “What if I forget you?” Her fear spilled from her lips. “What if I don’t tell our pups enough about you? What if I get a second mate and they become Dad?” 
Ternen smiled, but I could see the pain he was trying to hide. “Then when you get to me, I will remind you who I am. We will have forever with the Goddess if we want, or a second life if she allows us to come back. I will spend my entire afterlife convincing her to allow me to be your mate again in the next life. I will do the same when our pups join us with the Goddess. And if another man steps in and helps you raise our pups, then I don’t mind sharing the title of Dad” The tears he was holding back shimmered in his eyes. “I just want you to live well. I want you to love again. I want our pups to know love from both a mother and a father, even if it isn’t me.” 
“You won’t forget.” Carly’s ancient voice cut through everything else. 
“You can’t know that.” Alannah finally turned to her. 
Carly smiled. “Do you know what a Shaman is? Truly is?” The question had everyone confused. 
My mom pulled back enough to look at Carly. “It’s a kind of magic that gives you visions from the Goddess.” 
Carly shook her head. “Yes, and no. Yes, it is a kind of magic, one that I get from the Goddess, but did you never question why our voice changes?” My mom shook her head. 
“Carl said-” 
“Exactly what he is supposed to say. But I will tell you the truth. Like Amy, a Shaman is a tri–spirit. Carly has her own soul, the soul of her wolf, and me residing inside of her body.” 
“Who are you?” The question came from Wendy, who was still by the door. 
“I’m a seer, an ancient one at that. There were only a few souls gifted by a specific god to see the future, and the practice had been abolished long ago.” 
“Why?” My question surprised even me. 
“Because when this god blessed the seers of Delphi with our abilities, he wasn’t as selective as he should have been, and he made hundreds, if not thousands of souls go insane.” 
“Apo-” Wendy started, but Carly whipped around. 
“Do not say his name!” She screamed, her voice full of venom. Her lips lifted in disgust. “Is stupidity killed my human family My mother, my sisters.” She looked down at the floor. “My children.” She shook her head. “When I was killed, it was a horrific death, one so savage my soul called out under the moon and the Goddess heard me. I was given the option of reincarnating. The Moon Goddess pitied me and gave me the escape I needed. I was just supposed to be a normal wolf, one of her followers, but his gift..” She spat the words. “His gift was tied to my soul, something that wasn’t supposed to happen, and because of his stupidity I became the first Shaman.” Her explanation ended as another scream ripped through the room. 
###Next D 588
Chapter 588 
“My story can be for another night. I came here to tell you my truth. I have lived through fifty lifetimes. Some short, some long, with years in–between as more souls turned to the Moon Goddess for a second chance. But the most important fact that you need to know is that I never forgot my first mate. I have had the pleasure of meeting him again in another life, but I never forgot 
him.” 
Alannah struggled to catch her breath after the latest contraction. “But you have had others?” 
Carly nodded. “Over my lifetimes I have had a handful that the Goddess paired me with.” 
“Doesn’t that hurt your other mates?” 
Carly smiled as she shook her head. “I love them all, differently. Love is not a finite resource that you have, pup.” She climbed onto the bed and shuffled over to the pair on the bed. I watched as my pup mothered two wolves way older than her current form. “You will love so many souls in so many ways; one love doesn’t eclipse another. You will always love Ternen, and he you. And whether or not you get another mate, you will remember everything about him because he gave you these pups. A second chance won’t erase him. The Goddess wouldn’t do that to you, to Ternen, and she definitely wouldn’t force another wolf onto you that wouldn’t understand you.” She kissed her brow. “Now, I will leave you with this last piece of truth. Your mate will watch over you, and he will see you fall in love with another man if you are gifted another mate.” Carly looked at Ternen. “Will that stop you loving her or your pups?” 
Termen shook his head instantly. “Nothing could stop me from loving them.” 
“Exactly.” Carly looked back at Alannah. “If the roles were reversed and say you died giving birth to your pups, but Ternen was still here. Would you want him and your pups alone for the rest of their lives?” 
Alannah shook her head. “I would want them to be loved, and to be able to experience a mother’s love.” 
Carly sat back on her heels. “Exactly.” She turned and slid off the bed. “Love doesn’t stop because one of you leaves. It continues on and evolves. The Goddess will only gift you another mate if your souls allow it.” Carly walked to the door. “You are her children, and she only wishes the best for you.” She looked to me. “Even though sometimes it seems like it isn’t true.” I stared after her for a few seconds, even after the door had closed, as her words bounced around in my mind. A foreboding feeling crept up my spine and sat at the base of my skull like a headache. 
Alannah jerked away from us with a scream. A fresh wave of copper hit my nose. My mother dove back under the blanket. “Okay, this baby is coming, whether or not we are ready.” She pulled back and held out a hand covered in blood, just as Wendy rushed over with a towel. My mother looked at Alannah. “I know you are worried, but if this baby doesn’t come out right now, you no longer have a choice. You have to push, sweetheart.” She went back under the blanket. “Push!” 
Alannah grabbed her knees as Ternen and I both pressed against her back. We grabbed her legs and helped hold them for her so she could focus fully on pushing. Her scream was guttural and long. Sweat poured from her forehead as she bore down. 
“Stop pushing.” My mother screamed, startling everyone. 
“What’s wrong?” Ternen’s voice barely concealed the panic. 
“The cord is wrapped around the baby’s neck. Give me a second.” We all held our breaths as she worked. 
Alannah looked at me. “Another contraction is coming.” Fear scented the air. 
“It’s okay. Just don’t push.” I held out my hand to her. “Crush it if you have it, but don’t push until my mom says it is okay.” Alannah’s hand snapped out to mine, and she squeezed. Her face scrunched up in pain, and another scream worked its way out of her. She was shaking with the effort to hold back the need to push; it was like as soon as she allowed her body to start, she couldn’t stop it from doing what it was supposed to do. Her head shook back and forth as she panted; a soft chant fell from her lips. “Please, no.” 
“Almost there.” The contraction ended, and she released my hand. I felt the bones she broke knit back together as Alannah 
1/3 
cried again. 
“Mom, you need to hurry. I don’t think she can do that again.” I felt the panic eating away at me, but I held it together. I needed to focus. Alannah’s hands tightened on mine again, and I knew another was coming. 
“Almost there.” 
“Mom.” The contraction hit, causing Alannah to scream. 
“There. It’s free. Piush.” Alannah bellowed once more, then I felt her sag against me. 
“Alannah?” Ternen called to his mate as he leaned over to see her face. “Baby?” 
Silence came over the room. I heard the soft drip of blood, Alannah’s gasping pants, and then the most amazing sound ripped through the room. 
A baby’s cry. 
My mom popped out from under the blanket, blood smudged on her cheek. “It’s a boy.” 
213 
###Next D 589
Alannah shook, the exhaustion catching up with her. “Is he okay?” Her eyes were half closed as she panted, but it didn’t stop her from opening her arms. 
My mom handed the baby boy to Wendy, who took him into the bathroom to clean him up. “Wendy will be right back with him, but we aren’t finished here, Alannah.” She waited until Alannah nodded before she went back under the blanket. “We might have a little wait while the next baby gets ready to come out. You let me know when you feel the need to push again, okay?” Alannah breathed out, and nodded, still too tired to say anything. 
“Ainsley?” Wendy called from the bathroom. “Can you come here?” 
My mom pulled back and stood up, cleaning her hands as she went. She caught my eye, and I nodded once, letting her know I would watch over the woman in my arms as she took care of her baby. Alannah pushed up weakly. “What’s wrong with my baby?” 
My mom patted her knee. “I’ll check on him. Worry about the little girl in your stomach.” Then she walked out of the room. We all heard the whispered conversation from the bathroom. 
“Amy…” Alannah’s fear scented the room. “My baby is going to be okay, right?” She panted for a few seconds before another scream hit. 
“Are you okay?” I leaned over to see her face clearly. 
She clutched at her stomach as she smiled. “Seems like I won’t get much of a break. She is raring to follow her brother.” She gritted her teeth as she grunted with another contraction. 
My mother and Wendy walked out of the bathroom, both a little paler than before. My mom got back down. “You sound about ready. Let me look, and then we can start pushing again. Okay?” Alannah just nodded. 
Wendy’s eyes were still wide as she stared at us, and I started to worry. Nix came out of the trees. Go to Wendy. She has something to show you. 
I looked toward Ternen. His face was pale, but I could tell he was doing his best to support her. I leaned over. “I am going to check on your pup. Move over.” I nodded towards me and Ternen gave a tiny jerk of his head as he shuffled over. I stood with a reassuring pat to Alannah, and I moved next to Wendy. 
Theld open my arms, and with a tight smile she handed him to me. “Here.” She slid the baby into my arms, and without drawing attention to it, she bared his arm. 
“Oh.” The word slipped out before I could stop it, and all eyes snapped to us. 
“What’s wrong?” Ternen’s voice broke as he asked. 
I smiled down at the dark–haired baby in my arms. His bright green eyes were gorgeous; his unfocused gaze locked onto my face. “Nothing is wrong. Ten fingers.” I moved the towel and quickly counted. “Ten toes.” I smiled down at this precious baby with his trembling lip, and I walked over to the bed. “He’s perfect. And blessed.” 
Alannah grunted as another contraction hit, but her focus was on me as I shuffled back onto the bed. “I want to hold him so badly.” 
I grinned. “And you will as soon as your daughter is born. That way you don’t have to worry about being in active labor, you can focus on them both, and bond with them.” I slid next to her and tilted my arms. “But here is your son.” 
Both Ternen and Alannah leaned closer, forgetting the pain in the moment so they could see their pup. “He’s perfect.” Temen’s 
voice was soft. 
Alannah leaned over and kissed his forehead. “Our Taryn.” She puled back, and I watched as they both registered his arm. ” 
What’s that?” 
“A blessing from the Goddess.” The soft pink skin of Taryn’s shoulder was marked with a pale, almost luminescent trio of stars. 
The I touched the blessing, and it seemed to glow with my touch. 
“What does it mean?” Ternen’s fingers trailed over the blanket, and then the mark. 
“I can’t say. Only the goddess knows the truth behind her blessings.” 
Alannah opened her mouth, but she reared up, and screamed again. My mom popped out from under the blanket and smiled.” Your baby girl is ready.” She disappeared again. “Next contraction we are going to push again, okay?” 
It sounded like it was a question, but she meant it as a statement. But Alannah nodded anyway. “Okay.” She panted for a second before the next one hit. I handed the baby back to the waiting Wendy, and I grabbed for Alannah. 
“Push.” I grabbed her leg, as Ternen did, and just like the first time, she screamed. She pushed until she couldn’t and collapsed against us. 
“I can’t.” She panted. 
“She is almost out.” My mom called up to us. “Push harder on the next one, and she’ll be free.” 
“You can do this.” I wrapped my arm behind her back, and Ternen pressed closer. 
“Okay.” She nodded again as another contraction hit. She grunted as she bared down, and with a final push, another tiny scream tore through the air. 
###Next D 590
Chapter 590 
My mom took the baby straight to the bathroom to get cleaned up as I handed Alannah her son. She cooed over her son, Ternen huddled over her shoulder. They were exactly as a couple should be. Totally and irrevocably in love with their pup. 
and 
My mind flashed to my pup, and the scent I had memorized, before he was ripped from me. I felt the burn behind my eyes as I looked away from the trio. Wendy was there with her hand outstretched. I smiled sadly as I took it. “Was it that obvious?” 
She shook her head. “To others? No, to me? Yeah.” She pulled me into her arms, and hugged me. “You are allowed to miss your pup.” 
I sighed. “I know. But I have other things to worry about right now.” 
She shook her head. “Nothing will ever be more important than our pups.” She hugged me closer as my mom came out. We both turned to see the new baby. And like her brother, she was perfect. But her blessing was on the right side, instead of the left like Taryn. 
“Here is your daughter.” My mother handed the couple their second baby. She stepped back to give them space. She came to stand next to us. “We will have to wait until her body pushes out the rest, but she is in the clear now.” My mother took in a deep breath, and I knew she was about to turn to question everything, but there was a flash. 
The Goddess stepped up next to the bed, and Alannah started to shake. “Please, it hasn’t been time yet.” 
The Goddess smiled. “I know. I came here for you.” 
Alannah looked at me, and I saw a flash of fear. “Why?” 
The Goddess ignored her question as she leaned over the small family. “They are perfect.” She gave them a soft smile before she reached out and traced the stars on their shoulder. “I won’t say what their blessings are.” She tilted her head to look Alannah in her eyes. “These are for them to figure out when they come of age. But you. You did so well.” She leaned over and kissed Alannah on her brow, and a trio of stars sprang to life on her brow. “Even with everything that happened this night, you still made the right choice. Even though it broke your heart to do it.” She pulled back. 
Ternen nodded along with the Goddess’s words. “She’s right.” He kissed his mate. “You are the strongest woman I know.” 
Alannah shook her head. “I’m just an Omega.” She looked down at her babies. “They will be like us, made to serve others.” Her words were laced with sorrow. I think her brain caught up with her words, and her eyes snapped to mine. “I didn’t mean it like that, Amy. 
“There is no reason to fear speaking your truth.” The Goddess sighed. “You have lived a hard life in your o. d pack. Of course, there is resentment.” She poked Alannah’s forehead. “But they won’t serve anyone, and neither will you.” Her voice had taken on a soft reverence. 
But Alannah didn’t hear her last words; she was solely focused on me. I nodded. “It’s fine. My father’s pack isn’t like Vince’s.” 
Alannah seemed to relax and nodded. But it was then that the Goddess’s words finally caught up to everyone in the room. “What do you mean?” Alannah looked up at the Goddess for a second before turning back to her pups. “We are Omega’s and Omegas serve the pack.” 
“Who says they are Omegas? They were just born.” The Goddess chuckled. 
“We are both Omegas.” Ternen looked at his pups. “It’s almost unheard of for two Omegas to have ranked pups.‘ 
“Unheard of, but not impossible.” The Goddess traced the stars on the boy’s shoulder. “What are their names?” 
Alannah smiled. “Taryn, for our boy. Talia, for our girl.” 
Ternen tightened his arms around her shoulders. “Alannah, are you sure?” 
Alannah nodded. “Of course I’m sure. You gave up everything to save us, to save them. We are all here because of you. Of course, I would name them after you.” She leaned up to kiss him. “This is the least I could do. To honor you. So they know exactly where 
they come from.” 
Ternen kissed her again. “Thank you. Thank you so much. I love you” His voice caught as he said it, and I felt a tear trail down my face. I wiped it away, but I knew I would remember this beautiful moment. 
“Beautiful names.” The Goddess stepped back. “Remember when they are older to train them well, Gamma Alannah.” Then, 
she was gone. 
“They are beautiful…what the fuck did she just say?” Alannah’s head snapped up, but the rest of us were just as confused, 
I sniffed the room, taking a step closer to the bed. “She said Gamma.” I leaned over and pressed my nose to her sweat–covered brow. “Gamma Alannah.” 
“But I’m not a Gamma.” She pulled back with wide eyes. 
I felt a grin stretch across my face. “You are now.” 
###Next D 591
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 591
+25 BONUS 
Chapter 591
Alannah gaped at me. “No.” She did one slow blink before she turned to Ternen. “Baby?”
His smile as he leaned over to kiss her lips was heart–wrenching. He pulled back to cup her face. “You did it, baby. You have done the one thing that most Omegas have dreamed about.” A tear escaped his eye. “I’m so proud of you, baby. Now I can rest easy knowing that you have the rank to protect our pups, all on your own.” He looked to me. “I know you would have helped, but this way…” He looked back to his mate. “This way it’s better.” Alannah took a shuddering breath before she nodded once.
She turned to face me. “I know you have to go.” She was putting on a brave face. “But thank you for staying and making me see sense.” She looked down at her pups in her arms and she kissed both on their heads. “I almost ruined the best thing we have ever done for my own selfishness. But I have Taryn and Talia now to worry about.” She looked back up. “Just like you have packs to worry about. So go.”
I nodded once and turned to kiss my mom. “I have to go.”
She nodded, and I watched her eyes fill with exhaustion and tears. “Save my mate.” I nodded quickly before I kissed Wendy.
“I will.” I squeezed Wendy’s hand once, then I was running for the door.
I ran out of the cabin, straight to the cliff, and faster than I thought possible, I was crawling out from underneath the gazebo. I barely had a moment to think before Nix was shifting and pushing us to run as fast as we could to the med tent. I don’t even know how much time I had spent back at the cabin, and I will never regret the time I spared there, but I knew the council was on its way and I needed time to get everything in order.
What are we going to do? Megan’s question almost had me skidding to a stop because I had no idea. I mean, they know every wolf that’s in Silvermoon pack, don’t they?
Nix ignored us as she kept running. We were almost at the tent when an idea started to form in my mind. I relayed the ideas to my wolves, and they both chuckled. Nix finally graced us with her opinion. If they are stupid enough to fall for it, then they deserve everything coming their way.
We sprinted out of the trees lining the clearing with the tent, and I pushed forward, stepping out of Nix’s form and into my body. “Well…” I walked into the tent and looked at the broken bodies still waiting to heal. “Let’s hope they are too full of themselves to realize the trap before it snaps shut on them.”
Rowan stood and walked over to me. “What trap?”
I stretched my neck as the last twenty–four hours hit me like a wall, but I pushed through it. “I just thought of something that might work for the council. But I have questions. And I can only hope that you are the man to ask.” I smiled up at my mate. He was staring at me expectantly, but instead of asking the questions I had, I reached up and slipped my arms around his neck as I leaned in and kissed his lips.
He pulled back after kissing me, and he smiled. “What was that for?”
“No reason. I just wanted to kiss my mate.” I kissed him again, but a soft cough had me pulling away. I looked behind Rowan only to see my father struggling to sit up. “Daddy.” I rushed to his side and pushed him back down. “You need to rest.”
1/3
He coughed again. “I rested enough.” He started to laugh but Ronnie walked up with his still pregnant mate.
“Lying unconscious under a pile of rocks doesn’t count, you idiot,” Ronnie snarled as I knelt next to the cot he
was on.
“Uncle Ronnie is right.”
My dad shook his head. “I don’t have time to rest. The council is almost here.” 
I closed my eyes for a second, fighting the urge to smack him. “I’m only holding back because you are already hurt, but if you say one more stupid thing, I will swing.” I turned my shifted eyes on my father, and he threw his head back and laughed.
“You would hit your wounded ol‘ man?”
“In a heartbeat.” I nodded to the empty cot next to my dad. “Sit, Tina, you look about ready to burst, and I have to tell you, I’m not great with pregnant women.” I grinned as Rowan tilted his head.
“The twins?”
“Safe, sound, and Goddess blessed.” Before my dad could ask, I turned to him and answered. “Mom is safe and sound too. She is exhausted but keeping everyone in the cabin safe until we deal with all this bullshit.” I turned back to my mate. “The lupine extract?”
He pointed to the bags around the tent. “All hung. Healing should kick back in within the next two hours.”
“Two hours?” I was surprised it would take that long.
The doctor had walked up as Rowan opened his mouth. “The slower the drip, the less painful it will be to work it out of the system.”
“You didn’t do that with Ronnie.” I pointed out.
The doctor smiled. “I would have if I had had the option. I did low and slow with you.”
Ronnie groaned. “That’s what the burning was?” The doctor nodded.
I turned to Rowan. “Do we have two hours?”
Rowan nodded. “We should still have about three.” A ringtone rang out with a soft drum. Rowan pulled out a sleek phone and answered. “Yes?” He listened for a few minutes and then hung up. “We have less than one hour.” My dad grunted as he pushed up again. “The council landed by plane. If they were running, we would have less time, but they demanded a car.”
My dad looked at Ronnie. “Call Trey, delay as much as possible.” Then he turned to the doctor. “Turn everyone up. We don’t have the time to be gentle anymore.”
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 592
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 592
The doctor moved to my father’s bag first and showed the rest of us how to open it fully. Then we all split off and ran around the room to every wolf and opened their infusion.
The last one was a frail–looking woman, and I felt bad. “I’m sorry I have to do this.” I opened her I.V. and watched as she paled, and shook.
She gasped but just closed her eyes. “It’s okay. We all understand.” I patted her hand and stood. Her arm snapped out and grabbed me. “We are going to make it through this, right?” Her eyes were fully of pain and
worry.
“I don’t know.” I wouldn’t lie. “But I know we will do everything we can to keep you all safe.” She nodded once before releasing me.
I was on the other side of the room when another call came in. This time it was Ronnie. “Trey. Good. Have they questioned anything yet?” He was quiet for a few more seconds. “Bring the car to the opposite side of the airport. and wait until they decide to run instead.” He waited a few more seconds. “Exactly.” Ronnie sighed. “Thanks Trey. Oh, and call when they leave.” He hung up his phone and sank down next to my dad. “He will let us know.”
Rowan made it back to my dad’s bed at the same time as I did. “Did your guys say whether or not they brought any guards?”
Ronnie puffed out his cheeks. “The guards are on a different plane. Apparently, the council thinks they are too good to travel with the help.” Ronnie laughed, but it was empty. “That’s what they are waiting for right now. The guards‘ plane left about thirty minutes after the council members. So, they are waiting for them to arrive. And they ordered a bus and a limo.”
“A bus?” I turned to Rowan. “Why would they need a freaking bus?”
Rowan looked almost grey. “They probably mobilized the entire council guard.” There was a soft drumming again, and Rowan pulled out the black phone. “Yeah?” He was silent for a few seconds. “We have men at the airport. Bring everyone back here. Good.” Then he hung up.
“Bring who here?” I furrowed my brow.
“My elite guards.” Rowan said slowly, as if he was confused by my question.
“Why are they here?” I lifted an eyebrow. “Shouldn’t they still be at the capital?”
Rowan walked over and felt my forehead, like I was sick. “Are you okay?” He leaned down. “I sent my guards here years ago, to watch over your dad’s pack and Carly…remember?”
I stood there confused until a memory bubbled up. We were on a call when I first told him about Carly. “That was during my first year of school. They have been here since then?” He nodded once. “But who watched over you in the capital?”
Rowan frowned. “No one…that’s why I pretended with Verity…I couldn’t exactly push back when I had sent my warriors away.” My mouth dropped open. “I thought you knew.”
I just shook my head, and then I turned to my dad. “Did you know?”
1/3
My dad shook his head slowly. “No…I mean, well, yes, I knew he sent guards here for Carly, but once we set Carl and his pup at the cabin, I never saw them again.” My dad turned to my mate. “We assumed they went back to you.”
Rowan shook his head. “I kept them around here, working behind the scenes to keep Carl and Clary safe, making sure they have food, especially once you all hid in the Agora.” I felt like a bitch. All the hatred I had built up when, if fact, he was just trying to stay alive. Rowan cupped my face and turned me to him. “I know you are beating yourself up. But don’t.”
“But I hated you for so long and then the entire time you were protecting my pup. My family. My pack.” He smiled. “That’s what any king would do. Add on to it, I was head over heels in love with you just added another layer.” He kissed me. “Do you still hate me?”
I shook my head. “Of course I don’t. I love you.” I smacked him. “I’ve always loved you…even when I hated you.”
He kissed me again. “You are my mate, and even when I hated you, I still loved you too. Even if I didn’t love you, even if we were never mates, I would have sent my guards to protect Carly. She is the Shaman, and she can’t fall into anyone’s hands. So don’t feel bad.” He booped my nose and then turned to my dad. “They will be here within ten minutes.” My dad’s mouth dropped open. “They are running.” My dad just nodded.
“Well then, let’s figure out how the fuck we are going to survive this fucking shit show.”
I raised a hand like I was in school. “Does the council know who is in this pack? Like everyone?”
My dad furrowed his brows. “I don’t know. Ronnie, Tina, and me, they know for sure. Why?”
“Because I have an idea. But I need to know exactly who they know and who they don’t, and then I need the rest of you to hide.” I turned to Rowan. “Including you.”
Rowan stared at me for a few seconds before his eyes tightened. “I don’t want to leave you alone with them.”
“I know. But they will be more arrogant if it’s just me.” I smiled as I rubbed my hands. “And that’s how we can catch them.”
2/3
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 593
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Amy and Rowan begin dismantling the medical tent with help from all able-bodied wolves, while the injured are moved either to the med building or the pack house. Ronnie informs Amy that the doctor has left with the slower-healing patients, but her father insists on staying in the pack house. After securing her father in his bedroom, Amy and Ronnie prepare for the arrival of the council, ensuring that the wolves are being moved to the Agora for safety.
Amy contacts Rick, who is struggling to decode crucial files due to complex ciphers. She advises him to use an app she created, Codexx.amy.ti, which can learn and decode the various cyphers automatically. Rick is frustrated but begins using the app as time grows short, with only thirty minutes left before the council arrives. Amy urges Rick to gather as much information as possible quickly.
As urgency mounts, Amy shifts and asks Ronnie to ride on her back despite his injuries, with Nix carrying them swiftly toward the pack house. Meanwhile, Amy checks on Megan, who is conserving her energy to support Amy’s magic during the impending council meeting. Megan explains that her power will be repurposed to strengthen Amy’s magic, allowing Amy to focus on the conversation and control their magic if needed.
Approaching the pack house, Nix suddenly stops, sensing magic nearby. This unexpected detection heightens the tension as they prepare for what may come with the council’s arrival. The chapter ends on a breathless note, emphasizing the urgency and uncertainty facing Amy and her allies.
Continue Regular Chapter Reading Below
Chapter 593
I urged my father to stay calm as Rowan and I immediately set about dismantling the medical tent. Every able-bodied wolf from the house came rushing out to assist with the breakdown. I instructed the guards to relocate the wolves still recovering to the farthest rooms in the medical building. Those who were healing but could move on their own shuffled slowly toward the pack house, exhaustion evident in their steps.
“Amy, everything here is taken down,” Ronnie said, exhaling heavily. “The doctor has gone back to the hospital with those who need more time to heal, but your father refuses to leave the pack house.” I pressed my fingers against the bridge of my nose, trying to ease the tension building there.
“Where exactly is he now?”
Ronnie shifted his weight awkwardly. “Greyson helped get him settled into his bedroom.”
I gave a brief nod. “Once we get confirmation that the council has arrived, I need you and the others to—”
Ronnie cut me off with a dismissive wave. “Don’t worry, I’ve got the descenting spray ready and waiting.” His confidence was reassuring, so I nodded and scanned the clearing one last time. “Let’s head back.”
Turning on my heel, we began the walk back. “Are the guards moving everyone to the Agora?”
Ronnie checked his phone and nodded. “Yeah. Half the pack is already there.”
I exhaled, a wave of relief washing over me. “Any word from Trey?”
He shook his head. “Nothing yet. Which is good, honestly—we’re not ready.” His gaze lingered on me. “Are you going to be alright?”
I managed a small smile. “Yeah. I can feel Nix and Megan both on edge, ready to jump into action.”
Pulling out my phone, I dialed Rick. “Hey.”
“What’s going on? How much time do we have?” His voice was breathless, as if he’d been running non-stop.
“We still have some time.” I paused, hearing a loud slam on his end. “Everything okay?”
He growled lowly. “Yeah, I found the files, but hunting down what we need is taking longer than I expected.” At that moment, Ronnie’s phone dinged.
“Can’t you just search by keywords?” I heard him growl again, and I bit my lip to stop myself from laughing.
“Great idea, genius. Not like I haven’t thought of that myself. But everything’s coded.” Another slam echoed through the phone. “Every damn file is locked in some ridiculous code, and I can’t crack it because each one uses a different cipher.”
Ronnie gestured toward me, but I held up a finger to pause him. “Are you on my laptop?”
Rick grunted, which I took as a yes. “Look for the app Codexx.amy.ti; it should make your job easier.”
“What the hell is that?” I heard him mutter, but then the sound of typing.
“It’s an app I created to decode ciphers. Rowan and my father used so many different codes that I started programming them all in. Every time I cracked one, I added it.”
“Yeah? What if this crap isn’t in your little app?” He snorted.
“Amy,” Ronnie tried to get my attention again, but I kept my finger raised.
The app booted up.
“It also learns. If you input any new codes you break, it adapts and improves.” I was trying to calculate if we’d have enough time to decode everything before we needed it.
“Son of a bitch, here it goes,” Rick grunted. “This could have saved me a massive headache, Amy.” I chuckled quietly.
“Sorry, I didn’t realize everything was in code.” I sighed. “How much longer do you need?”
“A year?” He groaned. “How much time do we actually have?”
Ronnie finally called out, frustration clear in his voice. “For fuck’s sake, Amy.”
I spun around to see him holding up his phone. “We have thirty minutes. If we’re lucky.”
My stomach dropped.
“Rick…”
“Fuck.” He started typing furiously. “Can this app decode while I’m searching?”
“Yes, it can.” I began running toward the pack house. “Hurry, Rick. We’ll need anything you can find on as many members as possible.” I ended the call as I heard him grunt again.
I stopped and looked at Ronnie, waiting.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” he muttered.
“I can shift,” he added, shaking his head.
“I know,” Nix growled. “But you’re still healing, and you’re slower than me. Just get on.”
Nix crouched slightly to make it easier for Ronnie, who groaned as he climbed onto our back.
“This is embarrassing,” he muttered.
Nix snorted as she took off at a sprint. Ronnie’s hands dug into our fur, gripping tightly. “Holy Goddess, you’re fast.”
Nix chuckled again, and I turned inward, finding Megan curled tightly around a flowerpot.
What are you doing? I asked silently, walking over. She barely lifted her head.
Nix and I talked quietly about what might happen when the council arrives. Megan cracked one eye open.
“I’ll probably be the odd one out,” she murmured.
I tilted my head, sitting beside her. “I don’t understand.”
“You might need Nix if there’s a fight,” Megan sighed, closing her eyes again. “And you might need your magic. But me… you won’t need me.”
“I’ll always need you, Megan.”
She lifted her lip in a small smile. “I know, silly. I just mean my energy can be repurposed for this next part. Nix is saving her strength just in case, but I figured I could channel my energy into your magic. That way, you can focus on the conversation, and if we need to, I can help control the magic.”
I ran my hand gently down her side. “You really are smart.”
Suddenly, Nix came to an abrupt stop, nearly throwing Ronnie off balance.
“What’s wrong?” Ronnie asked, alarmed.
Nix lifted her snout as we neared the pack house. “I smell magic.”
Conclusion
The chapter closes on a tense note, with the weight of impending confrontation hanging heavily over the pack. Amy’s determination to protect her family and unravel the mysteries locked within coded files underscores the resilience and unity of the group, even as time slips through their fingers. The quiet moments shared between Amy and Megan reveal the deep bonds that sustain them, highlighting the importance of trust, support, and the subtle strength found in their collective magic.
As Nix senses the presence of magic near the pack house, the story leaves us poised on the brink of an uncertain future. The characters’ readiness to face whatever comes next, despite exhaustion and uncertainty, reflects their unwavering commitment to one another. This chapter beautifully captures the blend of vulnerability and courage that defines their journey, reminding us that even in the darkest moments, hope and solidarity remain their greatest weapons.
What to Expect in Next Chapter?
Tensions are mounting as Amy and her allies prepare for the arrival of the council, with every moment feeling more urgent and fraught with uncertainty. The weight of impending confrontation hangs heavily over the pack, and the pressure to decode crucial information before time runs out adds a layer of desperation to their efforts. As Amy leans on her friends and their unique strengths, the emotional stakes deepen—especially with Megan’s quiet resolve to support Amy’s magic, revealing a bond that goes beyond words.
The sudden halt in their journey, triggered by Nix’s detection of magic, hints at unseen forces at play, raising questions about what—or who—awaits them at the pack house. This moment crackles with anticipation, suggesting that the next chapter will delve into the complex interplay of power, loyalty, and hidden threats. Readers will be eager to discover how Amy and her pack navigate these challenges, and whether their combined courage and cunning will be enough to face what’s coming.
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 594
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
The Betrayed Boys 594 Summary
The narrator and Ronnie enter a house where preparations are underway to make it look half lived-in and half closed off, creating an illusion for some purpose. Upstairs, they find the narrator’s father, who looks exhausted and ill, hooked up to an IV but still managing a weak smile. Despite his frail state, he insists on speaking privately with the narrator and Ronnie before the council arrives.
As they settle in, the narrator’s father explains he wanted to talk without being overheard. Ronnie is anxious about the council’s imminent arrival, but the father asks for a moment to share important information. The conversation is interrupted by a call from Rowan, who is on his way to join them. When Rowan arrives, he embraces the narrator, showing visible tension and worry.
Rowan reveals that the council has arrived with a full contingent of guards and, more alarmingly, they have brought the Black Spear—a powerful weapon gifted to the first Lycan by the Goddess. This spear can kill a wolf in a way that prevents their spirit from reincarnating, a fate worse than death. The presence of the Black Spear signals that the council has abandoned fairness and is taking extreme measures. The narrator’s father, despite his condition, grows more determined and reveals an even more pressing concern: there is a spy within their ranks.
Continue Regular Chapter Reading Below
I stepped back and glanced at Ronnie, who simply shrugged his shoulders. “Could be your father,” he said casually. I gave a pointed look that said, “Could be,” and then gestured toward the house. Together, we made our way inside.
I winced slightly, feeling the weight of the moment.
The Omegas hurried about, moving quickly from one task to another. I paused to survey the progress. Everything was unfolding exactly as I had envisioned. Half the rooms appeared lived in, warm and inviting, while the other half remained dusty and untouched, sealed off from view.
“Why do you want the pack house to look like this?” Ronnie asked, peering into the sealed ballroom. “Half lived in?”
“Because I need them to believe it,” I replied firmly. We climbed the stairs, and there, by the office, stood Greyson waiting for me. “My dad?” I asked. He nodded toward the left and turned, leading me to another room. He opened the door to reveal Cass and my father seated opposite each other.
“Hey,” I greeted softly.
My father returned my gaze with a weary, worn smile. The IV drip behind him was still running, feeding into his arm. “Hey, pup,” he said quietly.
“Hey, Daddy.” I moved closer and crouched beside him. For a man who should have looked no older than twenty-eight, he was showing the strain of his ordeal. His skin had a strange grey-green tint, and exhaustion was etched deep into his features. “How are you feeling?”
He struggled to catch his breath but managed a grin. “I’m alive. Given what could have happened, I’d say that’s the best outcome.” He chuckled weakly before groaning, “Fuck, that hurts.”
Cass gave me a reassuring smile and gently rubbed my shoulder. “I’m going to check on a few things.” Greyson followed her out, and the door clicked shut behind them. My father raised a hand, sealing the room magically.
I leaned in closer. “You should be resting, not using magic.”
He patted my head affectionately. “I wanted to speak to you two without anyone overhearing.”
Ronnie took a seat across from him, wiping sweat from his face. “Please keep it brief. The council is on its way.” Glancing at his phone, he winced. “We don’t have much time.”
My father nodded solemnly. “I’m aware. That’s why I wanted this talk.” I started to stand, but he grasped my hand firmly.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’m not going anywhere.” I rubbed his hand gently and then looked to Ronnie. “Could you bring me a chair?” He rose and fetched the chair beside him. I settled in, grateful for a moment to rest after the hectic hour, tightening my grip on my father’s hand. “What’s wrong?”
My father opened his mouth to speak, but my phone rang, cutting him off. I squeezed his hand, and he nodded, signaling it was fine to answer. “Hey.”
Rowan’s voice came through, slightly breathless. “Everything’s set. I’m heading inside. Where are you?”
“In the room we prepared for my dad.”
“Okay, I’m on my way.” He hung up.
“Rowan’s coming,” I told my father, who nodded once.
He sighed deeply and closed his eyes. “Then I’ll wait for him. I have a feeling he’ll have something to add to what I want to say.”
I raised an eyebrow and glanced at Ronnie, who just shrugged helplessly. “Don’t ask me. I’m lost,” he muttered. I snorted quietly.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. My father pointed toward it. “You’ll have to open it. I sealed the room so no one could enter once we were alone.”
Ronnie frowned but got up and opened the door. “Come in.” He stepped aside, and Rowan entered, walking straight to me and pressing a gentle kiss to my lips.
I cupped his cheek, sensing the tension radiating from him. “Everything okay?”
He shook his head, then lifted me effortlessly into his arms. My hand still held my father’s, making the moment a bit awkward, but eventually, Rowan settled into the chair with me resting on his lap. He breathed in my scent several times, as if to calm himself. “It is now.”
I glanced between my mate and my father. “What’s going on?”
My father nodded toward Rowan. “You should speak first, then I’ll share my part.”
Rowan tightened his hold on me. “My guards arrived.”
“That’s good, right?” I furrowed my brow, feeling his unease deepen as he took a steadying breath.
“It would be, if they brought good news.” A chill ran up my spine. “The council has sent their full contingent of guards.” Both Ronnie and my father stiffened at this. Rowan nodded gravely. “And they brought the Black Spear.”
My father exhaled sharply, disbelief and anger flashing across his face.
“They can’t be serious,” Ronnie said, shaking his head. “They have no authority to wield the Spear.”
“I think they’ve abandoned any pretense of fairness,” my father said with a heavy sigh. I noticed the twitch in his hand. The IV was burning him from within, but he was healing. His color was slowly returning, and he looked more alive than before. “This just confirms I’m right.”
“Right about what?” I shifted nervously, catching Rowan’s sharp intake of breath. “And what exactly is the Black Spear?”
My father’s eyes flickered with anger as he met Loki’s gaze before returning to mine. “The Black Spear was a gift from the Goddess to the first Lycan. It grants the reigning King the power to kill a wolf and sever their spirit from the human body, preventing any chance of reincarnation as a wolf. It’s the worst fate imaginable for any wolf.” His voice tightened, and the spicy scent of rage filled the room. “But what I need to discuss is even more urgent.”
“What could possibly be more important than that?” Ronnie scoffed, but a sinking feeling settled in my chest.
My father let out a low growl. “We have a spy among us.”
The weight of his words hung heavily in the air.
Conclusion
The chapter closes on a note thick with tension and unease, as the fragile reunion between father and son is overshadowed by the looming threat of betrayal. The emotional gravity of the moment is palpable, with the characters grappling not only with physical wounds but also with the invisible scars of mistrust and impending danger. The presence of the Black Spear symbolizes the harshness of the world they inhabit, where power can be wielded with fatal consequences, and loyalty is a precious, fragile commodity.
Amidst the strain, there remains a quiet thread of connection and resilience, seen in the tender interactions and the shared resolve to face the challenges ahead. The revelation of a spy within their midst casts a shadow over their cautious hope, reminding them that even in moments of reunion and healing, the fight for survival and truth is far from over. This chapter delicately balances the warmth of reunion with the cold reality of betrayal, setting the stage for the difficult choices and alliances to come.
What to Expect in Next Chapter?
Tensions rise as the fragile peace within the pack house is shattered by the revelation of a spy in their midst. Loyalties will be tested, and trust will become a precious commodity as the characters grapple with the implications of betrayal. The presence of the Black Spear and the council’s heavy-handed approach only add to the mounting pressure, hinting at deeper conspiracies and dangerous power plays that could change everything.
Emotions will run high as Rowan’s arrival brings both comfort and unease, and the bond between the protagonist and their father is put under strain by the urgency of the situation. The next chapter promises to delve into the shadows lurking within the pack, forcing the characters to confront not only external threats but the ghosts of their own pasts and the fragile ties that bind them. Prepare for secrets to unravel and alliances to shift in unexpected ways.
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 595
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
The Betrayed Boys 595 Summary
In this chapter, the protagonist is confronted by the Elder Council and their guard, Omega, who enter his office with suspicion and disdain. The council members, all older men, question the legitimacy of the protagonist’s claim to pack lands, expressing disbelief that a pack could be operating there since it was believed to be wiped out and the lands were not officially given out. The protagonist calmly presents a forged email from the King, Rowan, which supposedly grants him the pack lands, but the council is skeptical and hostile.
The council members accuse the protagonist of stealing wolves from other packs, but he firmly denies this, explaining that his pack is still rebuilding and that all his wolves are free. The tension escalates when Yarrow angrily insists that the redistribution of lands was never agreed upon, while the protagonist remains composed, pointing out the official documents he has to prove his claim. The council is also disturbed by the fact that the pack has been renamed Silver Oak, linking it to the protagonist’s family history.
As the confrontation continues, the protagonist’s preparedness and knowledge unsettle the council. When Yarrow lashes out about the King’s silence, blaming it on the King’s new mate, the protagonist feigns ignorance to learn more. The council reveals that the King has refused to share information about his mate because the council tried to force him into a bond, and one member cynically admits they would have killed her if given the chance. The chapter ends with the council’s hostility and the protagonist’s strategic calmness highlighting the ongoing power struggle.
Continue Regular Chapter Reading Below
Chapter 595
A sudden knock echoed through the room, and the door creaked open. “Alpha…” The words hung in the air as the council, accompanied by their guard—an Omega—stepped back respectfully, bowing before the Elder Council members entered the office.
Tawny light filtered through the windows, casting a warm glow over the polished wood and leather chairs. I raised an eyebrow, a sarcastic smile tugging at my lips. “Come in,” I said, gesturing toward the few chairs I had arranged. One by one, five men filed inside. I curled my lip in mild disgust, quickly masking it with a cough when I noticed there wasn’t a single woman among them.
Nix scoffed from behind me. “You’re surprised?” Megan, wrapped snugly in our magic, snorted quietly. “Please, Amy, they parade around in their nine-hundred-year-old cloaks, screaming progressiveness, yet they carry the arrogance of old men who haven’t changed a bit.”
I coughed again, though I waited patiently until everyone had taken their seats. Crossing my arms, I leaned against my father’s desk and said, “You’ll have to forgive me—I wasn’t expecting you, and none of you have ever been properly introduced to me.” My voice was calm but firm. “What can I do for you, gentlemen?”
One of them smirked. “Forgive our intrusion, but rumors have reached us of a pack operating within these pack lands. We were confused. As far as we knew, this pack was wiped out, and these lands had never been reassigned.”
“Councilman…?” I prompted, waiting for a name.
“Silas. I’m Councilman Silas,” he replied.
“Councilman Silas, I apologize for any misunderstanding.” I slid open the top drawer and pulled out a freshly printed, carefully doctored email from Rowan. “I had assumed the King informed you when I left Oakenfang that I requested my father’s pack lands. Since I am the last living member of Silvermoon—and an Alpha.” I pushed the paper across the desk. Another council member snatched it up quickly.
“This has to be forged,” he growled, shoving the document back toward Silas.
“Calm down, Marcus,” Silas said smoothly, taking the paper and scanning it before passing it along. Marcus glared at me, growling lowly, but I ignored him. I studied the six council members carefully. I recognized Theo, Evan, and Yarrow from the assembly. Thinius was dead. Now I knew Marcus and Silas’s names—so that made all of them.
The paper made its way around the room until Evan tossed it back onto the desk with a scoff. “This is ridiculous. Rowan doesn’t make any decisions.”
I arched a brow at Evan’s harsh words, feigning innocence. “Is that so?” I let my mouth fall open in mock surprise.
Silas chuckled. “I assure you, it’s not. Rowan is the King.” The others snorted derisively, but I noticed Silas’s jaw tighten. A flicker of disagreement passed between him and the others. That might prove useful.
Silas looked around the table before tapping the printout. “It seems he granted you the pack lands, but where did you get the wolves?”
Theo growled under his breath. “Several Alphas have come to us with troubling reports of their pack members disappearing.” I fought the urge to laugh. They were accusing me of stealing wolves.
I leaned back, crossing my legs. “I can assure you, I have not stolen any wolves from other packs.” I waved my hand dismissively. “As you must have seen when you entered the pack house, I have only a shell of a pack. We are rebuilding. But more importantly, as you also saw, all my wolves roam freely, doing as they please.”
I tented my fingers thoughtfully. “If I had taken wolves from neighboring packs…” I hesitated, knowing full well there were no neighboring packs left. “Wouldn’t they be running back by now?”
Yarrow pointed a finger at me, his voice dripping with venom. “Listen, you little bitch. We never agreed to redistribute these lands.”
I raised my hands placatingly. “I understand your frustration, truly. But your anger confuses me.” I paused before leaning forward to tap the email again. “This letter proves the King consented to give me these lands. I already have the title re-registered and locked safely away.”
Evan leaned in, like a shark sensing blood in the water. “You re-registered the pack?”
I nodded. “Yes.”
“Then why haven’t we received any paperwork?” he demanded.
Tilting my head, I pulled out another email and slid it toward him. “Apologies, but I sent the paperwork directly to the King, as instructed.”
“Silver Oak?” Evan read aloud, grabbing the paper to reread it. His eyes turned cold as he looked up. “You renamed the pack Silver Oak?”
I nodded again. “I thought it fitting. My father’s pack was Silvermoon, and I spent most of my life in Oakenfang.”
I settled back into my chair.
Marcus tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Why do you have all these emails printed and ready? It’s almost like you were expecting us.”
I smiled, amused. “You wound me, Councilman. My father always taught me to be prepared. Every correspondence with the King is printed and filed away—just in case I need a reference, or, as now, to prove I have the authority to be here.”
Yarrow growled, “I think you’re lying.”
“Why not ask the King yourself?” I threw the question out casually.
“Because he hasn’t answered us since he found his whore of a mate,” Yarrow spat, slamming his fist onto the desk.
I gasped, feigning shock. “The King found his mate? Who is she?” I wanted to see how much they actually knew.
Theo and Yarrow’s faces flushed red with anger. I braced myself, expecting them to lash out, but it was Silas who spoke softly, “The King refused to tell us because we tried to force him to mate.”
Evan laughed bitterly. “Which, honestly, was smart of him. We would have just killed her.”
Conclusion
The tension in the room was palpable, a silent battle of wills playing out beneath the veneer of formal politeness. Despite the council’s hostility and suspicion, the Alpha remained composed, her calm confidence a testament to her resilience and determination. The chapter’s emotional undercurrent revealed the complex web of power, loyalty, and betrayal that defined their world, highlighting the struggle for recognition and respect in a realm governed by tradition and prejudice.
In the end, the confrontation underscored the fragile nature of authority and the challenges faced by those who dare to defy the status quo. The Alpha’s steadfastness in the face of derision and doubt not only reaffirmed her rightful place but also hinted at the possibility of change—a subtle yet powerful reminder that even the most entrenched systems can be challenged by courage and conviction.
What to Expect in Next Chapter?
Tensions simmer as the council’s visit leaves Amy and her allies on edge, their fragile hold on the pack lands challenged by old prejudices and simmering resentments. The next chapter promises to delve deeper into the cracks within the council itself, revealing alliances that may not be as solid as they appear. Amy’s poised defiance and the council’s veiled threats set the stage for a power struggle that could reshape loyalties and test the bonds between the characters.
Emotions will run high as secrets about the King’s mysterious mate and the true intentions behind the council’s intrusion come to light. The simmering animosity between Amy and certain council members hints at confrontations that could either fracture or forge new paths forward. Readers can anticipate a blend of political intrigue and personal stakes, where trust is scarce and every word carries weight. The next chapter will challenge Amy’s resolve and may force difficult choices that ripple through the pack’s future.
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 596
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
The Betrayed Boys 596 Summary
Silas reacts strongly to Evan’s dark joke, highlighting the tension among the group. Theo, Yarrow, and Marcus exchange looks that reveal a growing divide, while Yarrow tries to calm Silas. The narrator senses that Evan’s words were not a joke but a revealing statement, which causes unease. Silas is shocked and fearful when the narrator points out that the group has turned against him and the King, confirming suspicions of betrayal.
Marcus grows impatient and demands they stop pretending, revealing their deadly intentions to kill everyone on the pack lands. The narrator questions their motives, learning that their grudge stems from the narrator’s father, whom they claim has been a persistent problem despite his death years ago. The narrator’s emotional response to this claim is met with skepticism, as Theo insists the father is still alive, adding to the confusion and tension.
The conversation shifts to recent violent events during Brandon’s mating ceremony, where two people were killed, and key figures including Brandon, Vince, and Shannon were imprisoned. The narrator reveals that the woman killed was Verity, the King’s fiancée, which shocks everyone. It is suggested that the King, under the influence of drugs, caused the chaos, leading to his current predicament and the pack’s leadership crisis.
Marcus calls Vince, only to have Yarrow speak with Luke Cristoff, the acting Alpha of Oakenfang, who confirms Vince is imprisoned for treason. Luke also reveals that the King has taken Vince’s computer and disappeared, which unsettles Yarrow and the others. The chapter ends with the group realizing that Rowan, the King, is aware of their moves, deepening the sense of betrayal and conflict.
Continue Regular Chapter Reading Below
Silas sprang to his feet abruptly. “Evan! You can’t be joking about something like that. You’re a member of this company, after all.” Theo, Yarrow, and Marcus exchanged glances, and I could sense the tension thickening between them.
Yarrow raised his hands in a calming gesture. “Silas…” he began, but the words hung unfinished in the air.
I leaned back into my chair, feeling the weight of the moment settle around us. “I don’t think he was joking,” I said quietly, pressing my lips together. “Evan, it sounds like you just voiced a dark thought you’ve been hiding inside.” I settled deeper into my seat. “Not exactly the smartest move you’ve made today.”
Evan chuckled, his dull, lifeless eyes shifting toward me. “Doesn’t matter what I say here, not today.”
Silas’ face drained of color. “What are you talking about?” He took a step back, distancing himself from the others. Then, wide-eyed, he looked at me. “Is this why you insisted we bring all our guards… and the spear?”
Marcus started slow-clapping mockingly. “Come on, brother. You can’t really be this clueless.” He let his hands fall to his sides. “Can we just get on with this little farce?”
Theo raised his hands, trying to restore some calm. “Let’s all just take a breath.” Then he turned to me, offering a small, almost reassuring smile. “Nothing’s been decided yet.”
I sighed, feeling the frustration bubble beneath my skin. “Look, I may not be old, but I’m not stupid either. Silas here has spent years with the four of you and clearly trusts your friendship. That’s probably why he looks so shocked right now.” I rubbed the back of my neck. “But the moment you showed up at my airport with a squad of guards, I figured out what was really going on.” A small smile tugged at my lips. “So, why don’t we cut to the chase? I’ve had an incredibly long day.” I tucked one leg under me on the chair, a casual move that earned sharp glares from the four men.
“You’re either incredibly brave or utterly foolish,” Marcus muttered.
I smiled back, unfazed. “I think we’ve already established that I’m not the foolish one here.” I rested my elbow on the armrest and propped my chin on my fist. “Let’s lay all our cards on the table.”
Silas edged backward until his back pressed against a bookshelf in the corner. “What exactly are you all implying?”
I pinched the bridge of my nose, steadying myself. “They’ve turned against you and the King, Silas. It’s painfully obvious.”
Yarrow groaned in frustration. “He was always the dumb one on the council.”
“Then why was he chosen?” The question slipped out before I could stop it. Silas looked genuinely taken aback, betrayed even. Either he was an incredible actor plotting to get close enough to kill me, or he was completely blindsided by the men he once called friends.
Silas growled low in his throat, but Theo snorted. “He was picked because he was head of the guards for the old king and had connections to the first family.”
Marcus groaned. “Enough with the nonsense.” He faced me directly. “You wanted to see our hand? Fine. We’re here to wipe out everyone on these pack lands.”
I tilted my head, trying to process the weight of his words. “Why? What have we ever done to you?”
They all burst into laughter. “Your father’s been a thorn in our side for years.”
“But he died years ago,” I said, my voice cracking despite my efforts to stay strong. “That’s why I came back—to rebuild his pack.” I fought back a tear, blinking it away.
“Cut the crap. We know he’s alive,” Theo snapped.
I recoiled, shocked. “Where did you hear that?” I wiped my face again. “If he were alive, that’s why he was locked up.”
“Vince was locked up? Where?” Evan leaned against the desk, eyes narrowing.
“You didn’t hear?” They shook their heads, just as heavy footsteps pounded up the stairs. The council members showed no surprise, so it must have been their guards. “Brandon’s mating ceremony went sideways. A man and a woman were killed. Brandon, Vince, and Shannon were all thrown in jail.”
“Who was killed?” All four men leaned in, hungry for answers.
“I don’t know who the man was, but I heard he was the woman’s father.”
“Who the hell was the woman?” Marcus growled, leaning forward. “You’re playing games, girl, and I don’t like it.”
I raised my hands in surrender. “The woman was the King’s fiancée—Verity.”
The room fell completely silent. No one spoke for a long, heavy minute. Silas tilted his head, confused. “Who killed them?”
“I heard it was the King,” I said with a shrug. “One of the Omegas called me in tears. They have no Alpha now—everyone’s in jail. But she said the King was at the ceremony, got drugged somehow, and then went insane.”
Marcus pulled out his phone and tossed it to Yarrow. “Call Vince,” he ordered. Yarrow dialed quickly, then turned back to me, eyes sharp. “You’re lying.”
The phone connected, and a tense silence fell. Marcus snarled at me, “I knew you were lying.”
“Hello. How may I help you?” Luke’s voice was professional but weary.
“Who is this?” Yarrow nearly shouted into the phone as he stood up. I could almost see Luke pulling the phone away, wincing.
“There’s no need to yell. This is Luke Cristoff, acting Alpha of Oakenfang. Who’s calling?”
“Where is Vince?” Yarrow’s fist clenched so tightly I thought the phone might crack.
“According to King Rowan, Vince is currently locked up in an undisclosed location, charged with treason against the crown.”
Yarrow staggered back to the chair he’d just left, pale and stunned. “Treason against the crown…” He glanced at the others. “Did Rowan do anything else before leaving you in charge?”
Luke’s voice sounded far too pleased when he answered next. “He took Vince’s computer.” Rowan had apparently called Luke ahead of time to warn him about potential calls. “He left yesterday with it, and I haven’t heard from him since. Why?”
Yarrow dropped the phone, his face draining of color as he turned to the others. “Rowan knows…”
Conclusion
The chapter closes on a note of deep betrayal and fractured trust, as the characters grapple with the shattering revelation that those they once considered allies have turned against them. The weight of deception hangs heavily in the room, with Silas caught between disbelief and a dawning understanding of the dangerous game unfolding around him. The emotional tension is palpable, underscoring themes of loyalty, power struggles, and the painful cost of hidden truths within the pack.
Despite the turmoil, there is a quiet resilience in the narrator’s voice, a determination to face the harsh realities head-on and uncover the truth behind the chaos. The fractured bonds and mounting suspicions set the stage for difficult choices ahead, but also hint at the strength required to navigate a world where trust is scarce and every move carries grave consequences. This chapter leaves us suspended in a moment of uncertainty, charged with the promise of revelations yet to come.
What to Expect in Next Chapter?
The next chapter promises to deepen the intrigue and tension as loyalties are questioned and secrets come to light. Silas and the others find themselves caught in a web of betrayal and shifting alliances, and the true intentions of each character will become clearer, though not necessarily easier to trust. The emotional stakes are rising, with the protagonist grappling with shock and heartbreak over the revelations about her father and the fractured state of the pack.
Expect the atmosphere to grow even more charged as the fallout from the mating ceremony incident unfolds. The mysterious disappearance of Vince and the actions of King Rowan hint at a larger, more dangerous game at play—one that could threaten not only the pack’s survival but the bonds between these once-trusted allies. As tensions simmer, the characters will be forced to confront painful truths and make difficult choices that could redefine their futures.
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 597
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
The Betrayed Boys 597 Summary
In this chapter, tension fills the room as Theo, Marcus, Evan, Yarrow, and others confront the narrator, trying to extract information about Garith and the current situation. Despite the panic around them, the group remains confident, believing their coded systems and contingencies will protect them. The narrator plays dumb, pretending ignorance about Garith and the recent upheavals, which frustrates the group but helps buy time.
Nix and Megan exchange subtle signals, preparing for an impending attack. The narrator orders a sound shield to be activated, blocking all external noise and communication to prevent outside interference. This move heightens the standoff, as the men debate whether to accept the shield, realizing it will cut off their mind-linking backup. Eventually, Yarrow agrees to proceed with the shield, sealing the room in silence.
Amid the tense atmosphere, Silas unexpectedly approaches the narrator, expressing his refusal to side with the others anymore. He admits his past mistakes and warns of the consequences of blind loyalty to their cause. This leads to a heated argument, with Theo vehemently denouncing their king and claiming that the Lycans are a mistake that must be corrected, revealing deep divisions and escalating conflict within the group.
Continue Regular Chapter Reading Below
Chapter 597
The atmosphere was thick with tension, a palpable sense of panic hanging in the air like a heavy fog. Yet Theo dismissed it with a scoff. “Vince was never the sharpest tool in the shed,” he said with a sneer. “He kept everything locked away on his computer, secured with those ridiculous codes he insisted on using.”
Marcus gave a slow nod of agreement. “He was obsessive about those codes,” he added, his tone grim.
Evan took a steadying breath, his chest rising and falling as he tried to compose himself. “And don’t forget the code answers he sent out every month,” he reminded us. Wiping the sweat from his brow, he continued, “We thought it was excessive, but Garith agreed with him.” He gave Yarrow’s shoulder a reassuring pat. “We’re in the clear.”
Yarrow acknowledged this with a slow nod, and gradually the oppressive tension in the room seemed to dissipate. Their confidence, once threatened, surged back with renewed vigor. Turning toward me, Yarrow forced a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “You had us fooled for a moment, but we planned for exactly this kind of situation. Contingencies are in place.”
I kept up the act of ignorance, raising my hands in mock innocence. “Look, I’m just sharing what I know. Vince and his ranked wolves are either locked up or dead. Verity is gone. Garith—whoever that is—is dead too.”
Marcus, still sitting, leaned forward, narrowing his eyes. “You’re telling me you don’t know who Garith is?” His raised eyebrow was a silent challenge. I caught the others sniffing the air, trying to detect any hint of deception in my words.
Nix shifted her gaze to Megan, who slowly approached and nudged her gently. “You okay?” she whispered.
Megan scoffed softly. “I might be lying here, but our scent won’t change.”
Nix chuckled quietly at Megan’s defiance. “Never thought it would,” she said, then turned back to me. “So, how do you want to play this?”
We needed to buy time until everything was ready. Playing dumb was the best strategy. I could already see frustration simmering just beneath their composed exteriors. A smirk tugged at my lips, and I noticed their expressions tighten in response. They clearly disliked that I wasn’t intimidated by them.
Both Nix and Megan let out quiet laughs. “Most fragile men don’t like that,” Nix remarked. She leaned in closer, her presence barely beneath the surface, ready for anything. “Alright, let’s see which buttons we can push.”
I spread my hands in mock surrender. “Gentlemen, I’m almost twenty-two. I’ve spent nearly all my life in school, just out of university. Unless Garith went to my school or was part of Oakenfang or Silvermoon, I honestly have no clue who you’re talking about.”
Theo stood, leaning casually against the doorframe, his eyes scanning the room. “He was part of Silvermoon, years ago,” he offered.
Nix’s ears twitched at the sight of him standing by the door. “Is anyone else in the pack house?” Theo asked, lowering his voice. “I want to speak freely, but I don’t want to be overheard.”
Megan’s ears twitched in response. This was the perfect opportunity.
Suddenly, Erubus burst from the trees, sliding to a halt beside Megan and licking her face before darting over to Nix. “Everyone’s in position,” he reported. Their guards were gathering the others, and the Omegas were already stationed outside.
Nix growled low in her throat. “They’re planning to slaughter everyone while we’re trapped in here. Cowards.”
I snorted in response. “Tell Rowan we’re ready. I’m putting up a block so no mind links will work inside here. If he needs us, he’ll have to come across the bridge.” Erubus nodded and disappeared back into the shadows. Turning to my council, I added, “My father installed a sound shield. If you want, I can activate it, but you’ll lose the ability to hear anything outside.”
Evan looked skeptical. “Why wouldn’t we be able to hear out?”
I shrugged casually. “Science isn’t magic,” I said with a hint of amusement as Megan snorted again. “It blocks all sounds, no exceptions. It’s an all-or-nothing deal.” I opened my top drawer to reveal a button and dial, carefully disguised as part of a control panel, though it was really just a collection of odds and ends I’d arranged for this very moment. “The choice is yours.”
They exchanged glances, silently communicating. I could tell they were weighing their options. They all had mind-linking abilities; if something went wrong, their guards could alert them instantly, and vice versa. Finally, Yarrow gave a single nod. “Do it.”
Silas stepped forward, causing Nix’s hackles to rise as a low growl escaped her throat. He paused, then bowed his head slightly, exposing his jugular—a clear sign of submission. “I apologize for approaching so suddenly,” he said quietly. “I understand you have no reason to trust me, especially since I came with the others.” He gestured toward the men across the desk. “But I cannot, and will not, stand with them anymore. Not now.”
I smiled faintly as I pressed the button. Megan whispered the incantation that sealed the room, a second spell blocking any sound from entering.
Evan growled, “Old friend, think carefully before making a choice you might regret.”
Silas snorted. “If I’d thought before every decision I regretted, I’d have stayed home. I wouldn’t be here, blindly following you all into a mutiny against our king.”
Theo’s face flushed red with anger as he shouted, “He’s not our king! He’s a Lycan, not a wolf. The Goddess made a mistake creating Lycans. We’re just fixing her error.”
Conclusion
The chapter closes on a moment thick with uncertainty and fragile alliances, where trust is a rare commodity and every gesture carries weight. The characters grapple with their fears and suspicions, yet beneath the tension, there is a shared determination to face the looming threat together. The interplay of defiance, loyalty, and vulnerability reveals the complexity of their bonds, as they prepare to confront the dangers that threaten to unravel their world.
Despite the looming peril, a quiet resilience pulses through the group, underscored by the strategic calm and subtle acts of solidarity. The emotional undercurrent—marked by moments of humor, challenge, and uneasy truce—reflects the depth of their struggle not only against external enemies but also within themselves. This chapter poignantly captures the delicate balance between power and trust, setting the stage for the trials that lie ahead.
What to Expect in Next Chapter?
The next chapter promises to delve deeper into the fragile alliances and simmering tensions within the pack. As Silas makes a bold move by distancing himself from the others, the lines between loyalty and rebellion blur even further. The question of trust will become a central theme, forcing characters to confront not only their enemies but also the doubts festering within their own ranks. The clash between ideology and survival instincts is set to intensify, and every decision could tip the delicate balance toward chaos or control.
Emotions will run high as the pack faces threats from both outside and within their walls. The protective barriers and strategic moves hint at an impending confrontation, but the true danger may lie in the fractures emerging among those who should stand united. Expect moments charged with raw vulnerability, fierce determination, and the uneasy realization that old bonds might not withstand the pressures of betrayal and ambition. The next chapter will test the characters’ resolve and reveal just how far they are willing to go to protect what remains of their fractured world.
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 598
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 598 
I think he realized his mistake because his mouth snapped shut. Silas stumbled back against the wall. “First you go against the King. But now you are openly going against the Goddess?” 
“What did you mean, Theo? You are correcting the mistake of creating Lycans?” My voice was low, and I could feel my body go quiet and still. Nix was quiet, but on edge. 
Silas paled. I think his brain finally caught up with what Theo said. “Tell me you spoke out of anger.” He pushed off the wall and looked at all the members one at a time. “Tell me Theo is just angry.” The others stayed quiet, but Silas shook his head. “Please tell me you had nothing to do with what happened twenty years ago.” He begged, but the others stayed silent. 
“They can’t do that without lying, Silas.” I looked at him and watched the truth hit him. He paled and stumbled back against the 
wall. 
“He was our friend.” He shook his head. “He was a good man, a good king, and his wife…” He trailed off, and I could see he was reliving some memory. “She was pregnant.” His soft voice cut out at the end. 
Yarrow rolled his eyes. “So what?” He looked down at his hand as if he was checking his nails. “He was a Lycan.” He looked up and met my eyes. “Wolves were born from the Goddess’s power. We are the superior race. We should have to bow to some botched wolf-man hybrid.” His disgust was palpable. 1 
I snorted. I couldn’t help it. “Let me get this straight.” I untucked my leg. “And stop me if I get something incorrect here.” I looked at the four men across from me. “Someone decided that wolves were the superior creature from the goddess, and that Lycans were an abomination. So you all colluded against the Lycan race, hunted them down somehow, and then killed them off one at a time. You used ‘rogue attacks’ to cover your bases, AND when people started to clue in, you attacked wolf packs too. But only the packs that had Alphas that the old king supported. Like my father.” I looked around, waiting for someone to speak up. And then, when the king selected the lot of you to support his child in case he was killed as well, you conspired with Vince. As well as other Alphas to cherry-pick not only the packs you wanted to support, but the ranked wolves as well. All while trying to force the King to mate with someone you wanted so you could control the next monarch and keep the control in your grubby little hands?” 
Silas turned a little green. “I thought his mate had been killed. And he was too hurt to talk about her.” He looked at me. “I swear on my line I didn’t know. Thinius told me about her, and I saw the body.” 
I chuckled. “Thinius was bound and determined to make the king mate one of his line. He would have used anything to convince you to support Nina or Nadine in their chase of the Queen Luna title.” I looked back to the men. “How pissed are you now? To find out all the maneuvering you all did to get someone under your thumb to mate with the king, only to have his Goddess-given mate swoop in and take her rightful spot next to him.” 
“What are you talking about?” Evan growled out. “The King-” 
“Has met his mate.” I finished for him. “They have mated. The only thing they haven’t done is the mating ceremony under the moon. But the mark the mark is there for anyone to see.” 
– 
Evan stood up and kicked his chair out of the way. “You are fucking lying.” 
I tilted my head and smirked. “I mean…I could be. But I think all of us here know deep down that I’m not.” I felt the smile grow wider on my face. “I mean…haven’t you wondered why he hasn’t been back to the capital in weeks?” 
The four men looked at each other and then back at me. “Who is it?” Theo growled out. I just shrugged. 
“Does it actually matter?” I sighed as I stared at the men. 
Erubus burst through the trees. It’s done. We are ready. 
Okay, follow the plan. The council members were standing now, all coming closer to the desk. I just sat back in my chair and looked at them. “I know you are trying to look intimidating, but it’s honestly just coming off a little pathetic.” Silas snorted as 
1/2 
he slid closer to me. I turned to him and lifted an eyebrow. 
“I swear to you I am not with them. My entire life has been dedicated to the royal pack and to the Goddess.” I opened my mouth to point out the obvious. He had spent twenty years working side by side with these men. Either he was with them…or something else was at play. But before I could, a star glowed above his brow. 
“What the fuck is that?” Theo pointed at Silas’s face. 
There was a shift in the room, and my spell shattered, the illusion dropping when a voice called out. “It’s obviously a sign from the Goddess…” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 599
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 599 
Everyone whirled as a bookcase was pushed open, revealing Rowan, Ronnie and my father. The three men walked confidently into the office, my father looking completely healed. Rowan walked around the room and stopped in front of Silas. “You have shown that you are an honorable wolf. Thank you for always guiding me and training me as I grew older.” He held out his arm and ignored the four men who jumped to their feet and backed away against the far wall. 
Silas grasped Rowan’s forearm and then bowed his head. “It has been not only my honor to teach you but a privilege.” Rowan pulled him into a hug, and the star above his brow faded. “But how can you be so sure about me?” Silas pulled away and dropped to a knee. “I have been complacent and allowed others to move against you.” 
Rowan stopped his bow with a hand. “Not everyone is the best judge of character.” I cut my dad a look and smirked. He pointed at my face and gave a tiny growl. I raised my hands in surrender, but I stood and made my way to Silas. 
I held out my hand. “Because while our judgement is flawed, the Goddess made sure we knew who to trust.” I brushed a finger against the spot where the star had blazed just moments before. I felt my forehead ignite as I helped Silas to his feet. “Loyalty will always be recognized by the Goddess. As you can see.” I winked, and Silas’ eyes widened at my mark. 
“You’re Goddess-Blessed.” Silas shook as he trailed a finger above my mark. “I never thought I would live to see another chosen.” 
“FUCKING LIARS!” Yarrow screamed. His finger shook as he pointed at my forehead. “The Goddess would never recognize you.” 
I slowly turned to face them, allowing my mark to shine directly onto them. “Ironic.” 
“What is?” Theo spat. 
“I just find it funny that the very wolves who have turned their backs on the Goddess feel like they have any room to dictate how she would feel.” Their mouths snapped shut as the words hit home. I smiled as they shot death glares at me. Then I turned to my dad. “Is everything done?” 
My father walked over to the desk and sank down into the chair. He sat back and leveled the council with a look that would send normal wolves into a frenzy. But I could see the tremor in his hands. He wasn’t fully healed, and I could see the strain he was putting into looking fine. He smiled as he pulled open a drawer. “Everything is in place. Rick did everything you needed and sent it all here.” He clicked a few buttons, and his desk’s flat black surface came to light. There was a soft whirring noise, and a screen descended on the wall behind the desk. My father started a command on the tabletop computer, and the screen lit up. 
“What is this?” Evan had the sense to look worried.. 
Marcus rolled his eyes. “It doesn’t matter what this is.” He leveled a look at my father. “You look very much alive for a dead man.” 
My dad smiled with a shrug. “News of my untimely demise may have been a little premature.” 
Yarrow kicked another chair. “You lied to the council, to the realm.” 
My father’s smile turned predatory. “I find it laughable that you have the audacity to still be angry that I lied.” My dad clicked a few things, and the screen displayed a slideshow of papers and photos. “Is this you, Yarrow?” 
Yarrow stumbled against the wall as his crimes were plainly laid out. “This is-” 
“Already authenticated. We got most of this off of Vince’s servers.” My father clicked on an email and blew it up. “Lets see. ‘It doesn’t matter that the Queen is pregnant with another pup. The Lycan race needs to be eradicated, and we are just following Garith’s orders.’ That’s…well, that right there is damning. What do you think, Rowan?” 
Rowan had turned, and I could see he was fighting with Erubus. He pulled at the neckline of his shirt, and his mating mark burned bright on his skin. Another gasp went through the council. “She was telling the truth.” Theo pointed to Rowan’s neck. He found his mate.” 
(( 
1/2 
I turned to face Rowan and reached up to trace the mark I left there. Rowan shivered as my fingers glided over his skin. His eyes turned to me with a soft glow from his wolf, and I smiled. His soft rumble made my stomach clench, but my father’s cough pulled me back to the meeting. “Of course I was telling the truth. Why would I hide my mate?” I turned and stretched out my neck, showing off my matching mark. 
Another gasp went around the room, but then Marcus laughed. His chuckle bounced off the wall and earned a few growls from my side of the table. “What is so funny?” Rowan took a menacing step towards them. 
Marcus wiped his face and tried to fight the soft chuckles to answer. “I just think this is fucking perfect.” 
My dad’s eyes narrowed. “Perfect…for what?” 
Marcus finally got himself under control, and his face fell into a mask of stillness. “You did this big show here, but it doesn’t matter. While we have been talking, our guards have executed your pack members here, and with all of you here…we can kill all of you at once. With one swoop and every thorn in our side is gone. The King, his whore Queen, and this fucking pack of meddling fools.” He laughed again. “The spear will take care of everyone here, and no one, not even the Goddess, can save you.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 600
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 600 
The council all looked at each other as Marcus’s words set in, and one by one they joined in with his laughter. Theo, with his confidence restored once again, strode over and lifted my chin with a finger. “You are a pretty little thing though. If you serve me, I might find a use for you.” 
I smiled as I leaned into him. The smirk on his face bloomed into a full grin as he thought I was leaning in to kiss him, but my smile fell as I felt my fangs descend. “The only way I will serve you, Theo…is if you are on a fucking platter.” My hand shot out, and his scream ripped through the room as I snapped the finger that was touching me. “Don’t ever fucking touch me. Do you understand?” I shoved him back to the others. 
Theo screamed as he snapped his bent finger back into proper alignment before his bones fused that way. “You stupid bitch. I was offering you a way out, but you threw it back in my face.” His face was splotchy, and spit flew from his mouth as he pointed at me with his healing finger. “Now you can die with the other riffraff.” 
I snorted. “Riffraff? What century is this?” I shook my head. I walked back to the table. “May I?” My father nodded and slid his chair out of the way. I typed away at the textile screen, pulling report after report. “Theo, by the looks of this, you were the driving force behind killing the Queen and the Princess. Yarrow, you directed the royal guards out of the capital, opening the royal family up to assassination. Evan…” I paused as I read everything in his file. I looked up to see his pale face. “You are one sick fuck. Do you know that?” I kept clicking as image after image pulled up of his crimes. Wolves torn limb from limb in some lab he was working with. 
“What the fuck is that?” Marcus furrowed his brow as I paused on one screen. 
“I think we all know what that is, Marcus.” I enhanced the image. “Humans…you gave wolves to the humans to experiment on us.” I growled out as I looked at my father. “They already know we exist.” I clicked through to the next screen. 
“Wait!” Marcus stumbled towards the screen, and there was a noise in his throat, almost like he was choking on something.” Go back.” I glanced up and saw his frantic eyes. 
“Why?” I hovered over the button to switch photos. 
“Please.” Marcus gasped. “Please, just go back.” 
“Marcus, what is your issue?” Theo called out, but he ignored his friend. 
Marcus met my eyes, and I could see something behind his eyes that made me click the back button. It was an older photo. I pulled out the metadata from the photo and threw it up beside the photo. 
Evan slid towards the door, but I called out. “Where do you think you are going?” I hit the command to lock the door. “No one is leaving this room until I say so.” 
Marcus reached out his hand slowly. “Can you zoom in?” His eyes darted to me, and he looked almost crazed. 
I nodded once before I pulled the photo into an editor. I zoomed in on the wolf that was being dissected on the table. My mind passed over the gore I saw there and focused on making the faces of everyone in the room clearer. I worked on the scientists’ faces first. I selected each person and used a combination of editing and AI to rebuild the person’s face as best as I could. 
“I don’t care about the men; I want to see the wolf.” Marcus nearly screamed. 
I kept working. “I am doing it this way because I want to show you I am not manipulating the faces.” I glanced up at him. “ Goddess forbid you try to turn this on me when I am just trying to help.” 
Evan stumbled towards me. “Stop.” 
Marcus whirled on him. His trembling hand shot out and struck Evan in the face. “You shut the fuck up.” He turned back to me.” Please keep going.” 
I looked at my father out of the corner of my eye, and I could tell from his face that he had figured it out. I was still in the dark as I 
1/3 
turned my talents to the second-last face. The man was in the middle of cutting into the woman’s chest. I worked silently until Evan’s face became clear. Theo and Yarrow turned on their friend. 
“You helped the humans dissect a wolf?” Yarrow growled. The others crowded the front of the desk as I slowly and methodically unveiled the woman’s face. When the final adjustment went in, and the photo loaded, every man in the office gasped. Everyone except Evan. He knew exactly who it was. 
I sat back and looked at everyone’s faces, but it was Marcus’s crazed eyes that waited for my eye contact. He waited until I reached him, and he leaned in. “Do you know who that wolf is?” He watched my face without blinking. 
“No, I’ve never seen her before.” I looked down at the picture on the desktop. “She was beautiful, though. And young.” I touched her face, and I accidentally zoomed in on the photo. The photo jumped around before settling on her hands. Half shifted fists with her nails digging into the palm, I gasped before I could stop myself. 
“What?” Marcus looked from my face to the screen. 
I traced her hands, and my mind flashed to my first life. “She was alive when this photo was taken.” I spoke without thinking, and I heard someone stumble back a step. 
“You can’t know that for sure.” Theo tried to argue. 
But I shook my head. “I’ve been tortured before, Theo.” Rowan’s eyes flickered for a second. “A corpse doesn’t clench its fists in pain.” 
There was a savage growl, and all I saw was a blur. “She was my DAUGHTER!” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 601
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 601 
Marcus’s hands were around Evan’s neck before anyone even thought to move. “She was my daughter, you son of a bitch.” 
Evan sneered. “She was not your fucking pup, and we all know it. She was a whore’s throwaway, one you picked up as a mistake.” He wrapped his hands around Marcus’s wrists and tried to pull them off of him. “IU did you a favor.” His eyes were dead. This man, this wolf, was dancing on a thin thread of sanity. 
Nix paced under my skin. Look at her eyes. Nix’s voice pulled me away from the fight and back to the photo. I shifted back to the girl’s face, and while at first glance you think she is dead like I originally thought. Her eyes were half closed, but it was the deadness in them that made me think I was wrong, but her fists told her story. Nix’s voice broke through my thought. She is staring at the one taking a photo. Someone else was there. Someone she knew. 
I opened my mouth but Megan’s soft voice stopped me. Her stomach. There was a soft cry that came from my wolf that had my blood freezing. 
“Oh, Goddess.” The call fell from my lips before I could stop it. Everyone turned, but I was glued to the screen. I zoomed again, and there it was. “How could you?” I choked out as I stumbled from the chair. Evan’s dead eyes found mine, and I wanted to kill him. “You are a fucking monster. And believe me when I say this…I don’t say that lightly.” 
Evan’s lips curled up slowly. “I know.” Marcus’s hands tightened on his neck, and I watched as red travelled up his neck. But his eyes never left mine. 
“Wait.” I walked around the desk, putting myself way too close to the others. Rowan growled and stepped up behind me. 
“Are you trying to give me an aneurysm?” Rowan growled in my ear. “Don’t do that again. 
Marcus turned his face toward me. “What? He deserves to die.” 
“I’m not trying to save him. I just need answers.” I stepped closer to the two men. 
Marcus growled. “Answers about what? Why did he kill her?” I shook my head. “Then what?” 
I turned back to Evan, and his soulless eyes. “Who helped you?” 
Every one tensed. “What do you mean?” My father’s voice was icy as he stepped up to the desk, trying to see what I saw. 
“Look at her eyes.” I looked back at the picture on the big screen. My father zoomed in on her face again. “I had originally thought she was dead because of her eyes.” I explained. “But the truth is there. She is staring at the person taking the photo.” 
My father zoomed in and then growled. “The picture is too old to manipulate enough to figure it out.” 
“Whoever it was, she knew, and she felt betrayed by.” Ronnie’s voice cut through the murmuring. 
I nodded. “Pan to her stomach.” My voice was barely a whisper as I stared at Evan. His eyes stared back and me, and I watched a 
smile bloom on his face. 
“You see what most miss.” He chuckled. “I don’t think anyone who has seen this photo realized the truth. No one but you.” He 
grinned as Marcus turned to stare at the screen. 
“I don’t see it…” My father kept staring for another second.” 
I swallowed before I looked at the picture. “Her chest is broken open, and most of her organs are on display.” My voice was almost a whisper. “But her intestines were pulled out, and they are off to the side on the table.” 
“You don’t have to explain it. We see what he did to her.” Marcus screamed. 
“Do you know why someone might remove the intestines from a woman?” My words were soft, and Evan grinned. 
“Men would miss the reason with all the rest going on.” Even leaned closer. “But you caught it.” His eyes searched mine. “Have 
1/3 
you lived through the same experiment?” He licked his lips. “Vince said he had caught a female a few months back…Was it you?” 
Marcus growled and slammed him back against the wall. “Who cares about the reason?” He screamed as his hand tightened 
again. 
But it was Ronnie who let out a grunt as my father passed over the spot again. “Is that a fucking foot?” His finger pointed to the tiny shape pressed up against the thin membrane. 
Everything stopped as the truth settled around the room. Marcus cried as the truth sank in. “Who helped you?” His fist tightened around Evan’s throat again, and if I had been looking anywhere else, I would have missed it. The tiny flick of his eyes to the left. Marcus screamed again. “Who fucking helped you take my Sera and my grand pup and give them to the humans? Who helped you take her apart while she watched you? Who helped you betray me?” 
Evan laughed. “That’s the part that stings the most, isn’t it, Marcus? You thought we were all working together to betray the royals, and now you find out that it’s everyone for themselves?” Evan growled. “But you didn’t fucking flinch when you all voted against my son’s pack.” 
“WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?” Marcus screamed. 
“When Garith picked the first packs to be attacked by the rogue pack.” Evan scr3eamed. “You all voted against my son. I begged for more time to turn him. But what did you say?” Evan leaned in with a wide. “What did you say, Marcus?” 
“I don’t remember; it was twenty years ago.” 
“You said it wasn’t personal.” Yarrow offered. “We needed to attack those loyal to the King, and it wasn’t personal with Evan’s 
son, but he made his stance clear.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 602
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 602 
Evan leaned into Marcus and snapped his teeth. “Exactly.” His dead eyes turned murderous. “You took my pup from me.” His fangs descended. “So when Garith came to me, to tell me the humans wanted wolves to do experiments on, I made sure Sera was the first to be taken.” Evan’s face settled. “A pup for a pup.” 
“She was pregnant!” Marcus howled. 
“So was my son’s Luna.” Evan snapped back. Before anyone could think, he darted in. Blood arced up, and Marcus let out a garbled cry. Evan dropped the chunk of flesh he had trapped between his fangs. 
Marcus pulled his hand back and slammed his shifted claws straight through Evan’s chest. “If I’m dying…” He gasped. “So are you.” He struggled to pull his hand back out, but with a final wrench, Marcus stumbled back against me. He sagged against my body, Evan’s heart still clutched in his hand. Evan looked down at the hole in his chest and chuckled. 
He looked over at Theo. “Don’t think that just because we are dying you get off scot-free. Theo knows everything about the humans.” Evan turned to me, and for the first time since he had come into the office. “We underestimated you.” He chuckled again, and blood poured from his lips. “I left everything in my safe at home.” He turned to Rowan. “I regret it.” He struggled for a breath and looked back at me. “Do you think she will forgive me?” The two men dropped before I could answer. 
Ronnie snorted. “Did he really ask if the Goddess would forgive him as he died?” 
I shook my head no. “He wasn’t asking about the Goddess.” I turned to look at my uncle. “He was asking about his mate.” 
“What?” Ronnie furrowed his brow. “But we didn’t talk about his mate.” He looked around the room. “Did I miss something?” 
My father chuckled. “If you rebelled against the King, and because of it, your only pup was murdered in an attack orchestrated by said rebellion…wouldn’t you worry about what your mate would say when you saw her in the afterlife?” 
Ronnie thought for a second before he winced. “Tina would kill me.” He paused. “Again.” 
My dad just nodded before turning back to the two men left in the room. “Theo… I think I have a lot of questions for you.” My dad’s smile was terrifying. 
Theo growled. “You can’t do anything to us. We have guards.” He smirked as he tried to mind-link them. 
Yarrow backed away from everyone. “Guards.” He screamed, and I covered my ears. “Guards.” 
I turned to Rowan. “You took advice from these men?” My voice was laced with confusion and judgement. Rowan just snorted out a chuckle. 
“They came off smarter when I was younger.” He defended himself, and it was my time to chuckle. 
“Sure they did.” I turned back to Yarrow. “The room is sealed, remember. Dumbass. No sound in, no sound out.” I shook my head. Theo stared at the door expectantly. “You can stare at the door all you want; no one is coming.” 
Theo’s head snapped towards me. “What do you mean?” 
I grinned. “Did you not wonder why I was more than happy to seal the room?” I tilted my head. “Or why you have had no one mind-link you about how the extermination was going?” 
Theo stilled. “We told them only to mind-link us if it was necessary.” 
I nodded. “But radio silence for this long?” I raised my eyebrows. “Or is it more likely that your plan failed?” 
Yarrow screamed again. “Guards.” His back hit the wall, and he slid to the door, trying the handle. 
“That won’t work either.” I scratched behind my ear. 
“What did you do?” Yarrow kept trying the knob. “Turn off whatever soundproofing system you are using.” 
1/3 
My dad looked at me. “Soundproofing system?” 
I smiled as I walked back to the desk and opened the top drawer, pulling out the useless fake control panel. “This?” Yarrow and Theo both froze. 
“We saw you press the buttons.” Theo shook his head. 
“You saw me press this useless thing.” I nodded. “But you missed the whispered spell.” I turned back to the two men with a bright smile. “Did you think the twins and Verity were the only ones with magic?” I laughed. “Come now…you can’t be this old and that foolish.” I waved a hand, and a ball of light shone in my palm. 
“You are a witchling.” Theo whispered in horror. 
“So is he.” I nodded to my dad. The two men choked on whatever they were going to say. My dad formed his own ball of light. Did you ever wonder why he was always protected?” 
Theo and Yarrow looked at each other. Yarrow was the first to ask the question. “Our guards?” I waved a hand, dropped the sound shield and the mind link block. The screams that ricocheted around the room had the two of them dropping to their knees. “No.” 
I nodded. “Your plan to kill us, and sever our karmic bonds with our wolves – well obviously that’s no longer happening.” I grinned. “Rowan’s Elite guard and our pack took care of your guards.” 
“And we took the spear back.” He grinned as he pulled it from his back pocket. He turned to my dad. “Thank you for hiding it.” 
My dad waved him off. “It was easy.” My dad stood. “But before you use it on these two, I think we have a lot of unanswered questions to figure out.” 
“You can’t use it on us!” Theo screamed. 
Rowan just walked over to him and used the tip to raise Theo’s head. “You brought the spear here to kill my mate and sever her bonds with her wolves. I can do whatever I fucking want with you.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 603
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 603 
Ronnie rolled his neck. “While this is amusing to watch two grown men almost piss themselves. I’m exhausted.” Ronnie moved to Yarrow and used silver cuffs on him. The sizzle on his skin as the cuffs clicked into place was accompanied by his soft gasp. 
Ronnie just kicked the back of his knees, causing him to drop to the ground before moving towards Theo with a second pair. Theo tried to move, but Rowan pressed the point of the spear harder into his skin. “I wouldn’t move if I were you.” Rowan’s threat hung there. 
“You can’t do this. We are the council.” Theo tried to argue, but everyone in the office laughed. 
“You think that holds any weight now?” My father moved around the desk as Ronnie snapped the second pair on Theo’s wrists. “You forfeited any power you might have held the moment you moved against the royal family.” My dad grabbed Yarrow from the ground. 
“Please.” The man tugged away from my father. “I know nothing.” 
My dad leaned over to look at Yarrow’s face. “Well, then, I guess you will have to endure a lot of pain for no reason. Because after everything that you all have done, do you think anyone of us here would believe you? None of you have any honor. Not only did you turn your backs on the King, but you turned your backs on the Goddess, our race, and even each other. None of you are trustworthy. And until I am confident that you know nothing…” He smiled as he yanked Yarrow from the ground. “I guess you will just have to endure.” 
Ronnie grabbed Theo’s arm, and Rowan stepped back. “I’ll join you later. But we can’t kill them until I address everyone.” My father nodded and then tried to open the door. 
“Amy?” He turned to me with a smile. “Care you release the door.” 
“Right.” I ran back around the desk and clicked the button to release the door. 
“Wait…” Silas turned to me. “You used magic to seal the room from sound, and to block us from using our mind links.” I nodded and waited. “But you used that button to lock the door…” Silas scratched his head. “I’m just confused.” My dad and Ronnie left the office, dragging their two men out of the room. 
I laughed. “Why use magic when werewolf strength steel will do the same thing?” I shrugged as my dad opened the door. “Half the time with magic, it’s knowing when you should or shouldn’t use it. It’s not a fix-all.” 
Silas nodded. Then he dropped to his knees in front of Rowan. “My king.” He bowed until his head was on the floor. “I don’t think I can apologize enough.” 
Rowan tucked the spear away before he walked over and dropped to a crouch next to the man on the ground. “You did nothing to apologize for.” He grabbed him and gently pulled him to his feet. 
“But I was part of the council.” Silas sighed. “I failed you.” 
Rowan shook his head. “While I didn’t always agree with what you had to say, I always appreciated your opinion. And you supported me when it counted.” 
Silas shook his head. “I helped push you towards Verity and Nina.” He looked down. “I didn’t feel right doing it, but they always had an argument. And I was too afraid of the attacks getting worse and not having an heir to step in.” A tear slid down the old man’s face. “I unintentionally helped them kill the royal family, the lycans, our kind.” He shook his head. 
Rowan grabbed his shoulder. “You didn’t know.” 
Silas shook his head. “That’s no excuse. We killed your entire race.” 
I wanted to say something, but everything that had happened today made me hold my tongue. I watched as the star above his brow flared to life again. Nix’s soft chuff was reassuring as she pressed against the barrier. Her smoky voice called to me. The Goddess wants you to trust him. Maybe he has a part to play. I thought about her words before I decided. 
1/3 
I stepped up to him. “No. You didn’t.” I hoped this wasn’t a mistake. “Some Lycans got away. They have been hiding for the last twenty-plus years, and eventually we will have to find them.” Rowan turned to me, his hope for the return of the Lycans glowing in his eyes. “But that’s not our path.” 
Silas’s eyes took on the same hope that Rowan’s did. “They got away?” I nodded. “I’ll do whatever I can to find out anything.” 
An idea formed in my mind. “After everything is handled here, you will be the only remaining council member.” I nodded to Rowan. “He will still need an advisor. And we will still need you to train the royal guards. But I think I have a better job for you. You and Rick.” 
Rowan turned to me fully. “Silas and Rick…what would they do together?” 
“Silas knew the rest of the council the best. I know for a fact that they were looking for the Lycan encampment. You can find everything they have. And Rick can help decipher it all.” 
“It could take years.” Silas offered. 
Carly flashed into my mind. “That’s what I’m hoping for.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 604
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 604 
Rowan nodded once. “The one who is supposed to find them is still a child.” He turned to me. “Are you sure about this?” 
“Not at all, but the Goddess chose her for a reason. We have to respect her decision.” I clicked off everything on my father’s computer, and the desk turned dark once again. 
“When did your father have time to design that desk?” Rowan knocked on the top for a second before I started for the door. 
“I can only assume the man was bored out of his mind at the Agora.” I headed out the door, and the two men followed behind. ” He probably took a few years to make it and moved it back here when they moved back.” I looked back at Rowan. “Why? Do you want one?” 
Rowan grinned. “Heck, yeah, I do.” I smiled as we headed down the stairs. 
“Me too.” I laughed as we headed out to see the damage. 
“Checking on everything?” Rowan offered as we hit the ground. 
“Yeah. I want to check in with everyone. Have everyone started moving back to the pack house and their homes. Plus…” I trailed off as I walked up to Greyson. “How have they been?” 
He turned to me and smiled. “Everything has been quiet. Just like you said, as soon as they were caught, they shut down.” The Elite guards were all standing around the guards that survived the attack. 
I nodded once as we circled the guards on their knees. “I figured.” 
Rowan went to one of his team, and they whispered back and forth for a second before he pulled back and called out over the men on their knees. “The council has been disbanded. All except Silas have been or will be executed.” His voice carried over the clearing. “Those of you who followed Silas, please stand.” 
My father, Silas, and Ronnie stepped out of the house and hurried over. “My King.” Silas rushed over and dropped to his knees. ” I know that trust is understandably not given freely right now, but my men…I trust them with my life.” Silas bowed to the ground again. “Please spare them.” 
I crouched and helped Silas to his feet. “We wouldn’t act recklessly, Silas.” I smiled as I pulled him over to where his group of guards now stood. I turned to the men gathered there. “It is an honor to have your leader speak so highly of your dedication.” 
The men there all dropped to one knee. But it was the man closest to me who bowed his head that spoke up. “It is. Thank you Alpha, for helping him.” The man looked up, and I felt something ding in my head. 
“Who are you?” I asked before I could think. His chocolate skin and dark eyes weren’t familiar in the normal sense, but I knew 
instantly that he was important. 
“My name is Sequan Derant.” He bowed his head again. 
“You are an Alpha. I can feel your aura. Why are you bowing to me?” I crouched to be level with him. 
“When we enter the guard, we give up our official rank so we are not involved in secession battles. Our focus is fully on the people we are meant to protect.” 
I looked up to Rowan. “Really?” 
He nodded. “All of our guards agree to this. Most are not in their pack’s line of inheritance. And it saves them from sometimes lethal situations.” 
Silas held his hand out to Sequan. “His family was attacked twenty years ago. He was the only survivor of his pack..” Silas turned to me after helping his guard up. “He chose to become my guard instead of trying to start a new pack. He wanted to learn. Rowan allowed him to make that choice.” 
1/3 
I nodded once. “Good.” I turned back to the guards still on their knees. “What exactly should we do with the others?” 
Rowan sighed as he rubbed his face. “I have no idea.” He looked over the men and shook his head. “I don’t want to execute everyone, but with everything going on…we have no way of actually knowing who is a traitor or not.” 
“Command them.” My father looked at us confused. 
“What?” I turned to him. 
My dad looked at us as if we had grown three heads. “You are the King and Queen…command them to tell the truth.” 
Silas shook his head. “It won’t work. Our guards take an oath, and unless they are released from it, they can’t move against the one who swore them into it. Even if the oath holder is dead.” 
I turned to my father. “What about a truth spell?” I flipped through the book in my mind. 
“It won’t work.” Silas shook his head. “The oath itself was created by the Goddess to hold against magic, and wolf command alike.” 
I threw my hands up. “Well, unless the Goddess herself wants to fucking help figure out who is a traitor and who isn’t, what are we supposed to do? Kill everyone?” 
Silas looked down, and I felt bad for snapping. But it was the soft tisking from behind me that had me turning. “You would think that your father would have taught you not to talk about the Goddess like that.” 
I smiled as I walked over to my grandmother. “Well, I was frustrated. I think she would understand.” 
My grandmother smiled. “Of course she does. That’s why she sent me. To help.” She turned and walked to my father. “I’m happy to see you alive and well, my boy.” She kissed the air near his cheek and then turned back to the guards. “Your oaths protect you. But the Goddess does not protect the ones that turned their backs on her. Ich nin to shoha ali thi.” She waved her 
hand, and stars bloomed on some of their brows. 
“New spell?” I raised an eyebrow. She nodded. 
“Remember, it…it will always show you who you can trust. It shows who follows the Goddess’s path.” I walked over to kiss her, but I heard a gasp from the tree line. 
“Mate.” 2 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 605
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 605 
I turned to see Toya sprinting full speed at us. “What did you just say?” I tried to see who she was talking about, but everyone was confused. There were too many men all crowded together. 
She ran towards the group, and seemed to realize everyone was in silver manacles, and chained together. She stumbled to a stop next to Rowan, and she looked lost. “My mate…” 
“Which one is he?” I looked to where my grandmother was, but, like always, she was already gone. 
Toya shook her head. “I smelt him, but it seems like something is blocking it now.” She looked to me. “Is my mate a traitor?” 
I puffed out my lips. “Well, let’s figure it out.” I turned back to the Elites. “Unshackle anyone with a star on their brow.” 
All of Rowan’s guards started to move into the crowd. Chains dropped, but no one moved. Everyone of them was looking at me with confusion painted on their faces. 
I looked at Rowan, and he chuckled before brushing a finger over my brow. “Seems like the Goddess wanted everyone to know who should be trusted.” 
I raised an eyebrow and opened my mouth but Rowan’s own forehead started to glow. A hollow crescent moon carved itself on his forehead with straight lines that arced across towards his temples. “I guess so.” I poked his own mark before I turned to see my dad with his phone out. “Dad?” 
“I need to send this to your mother.” He clicked the picture of Rowan and I with a smile. “Ignore me and address you men.” He nodded to the waiting guards. 
I rolled my eyes before turning back to the group in front of me. “Anyone who was unchained, please come here, tell us your name, and who you were sworn to.” I turned to Toya and held out my hand. “Come here.” She made her way to my side and slid her hand into mine. 
I’m nervous. Her words were a whisper in my mind. 
I smiled. Don’t be. You deserve a good mate. The Moon Goddess knows that. I sent her my thoughts, and I felt 
her settle. 
The first man approached, and I could feel his nerves. “You are?” 
“Senith.” He dropped to his knee. “I was sworn to Thinius, and I haven’t taken a new oath.” 
I looked over my shoulder at Rowan. “A new oath.” 
“When the oath taker died, while the first oath can not be overridden, a new oath can be done. Their priorities shift, and the new oath takes precedence.” 
I nodded once and turned back to the man. “Do you want to take a new oath, Senith?” 
He looked up in surprise. “What?” 
I crouched so I could look him in the eye. “Do you want to take a new oath?” 
“I don’t…know.” His eyebrows furrowed. “No one ever asks us if we want to take a new oath.” 
“Well, I will never force someone to take a new oath. You have options.” 
“Not really.” Silas looked down. “Once they are removed from the pack structure, they can’t ever reenter it.” Silas looked up, and I could see the regret in his eyes. “They would be rankless wolves with immense power. An Alpha with no one who can control them because they don’t follow commands.” I stood and wiped my hands together. I needed to check his words, so I decided to put them to the test. 
I smirked as I unleashed my aura. It flowed out of me in a wave, and I felt it hit each wolf. “Bow.” Every person around me bowed at their waist. All except my father and Rowan, but I could see the strain on my dad’s face trying to resist the urge. 
“Holy Goddess,” Ronnie called out. “I knew you were strong, lovebug, but I haven’t felt your full power since you were a kid.” He tried to look at my face. But the bow was interfering. “Can you pull it back?” 
Silas grunted. “I was wrong. 
I pulled back my power with a snort. Everyone stood back up, while a few would sweat from their bow. Toya smirked and wrapped her arm around mine. “I don’t think having ranked wolves outside the power structure will matter with the King and Queen.” 
I looked at my friend with a smirk. I turned back to the wolf on his knees. “You have options, Senith. But you have to remember that you will be almost unranked in the royal pack. You will have to take orders like everyone else, as just another pack member. Or you can remain a guard and take the oath from someone.” I dropped back down to look him in the eye, but the man refused to unbow his head. I lifted his chin with my pointer finger. “It will be your choice.” 
“y-.” He choked on the word, so he cleared his throat and tried again. “I want to take the oath from you.” 
I nodded once. “Let us get through everyone, and I will figure out this oath thing, and we can do it later.” I stood and offered a hand. “Okay?” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 606
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 606 
He stared up at me for a second before his trembling hand reached for mine. “Of course, my Queen.” I jolted at his words, and I turned to Rowan, who was already smiling. 
“Surprised?” His voice was full of mirth as I stared at him. I just nodded. “You are the Queen.” 
My mouth flopped open, and I sat there like a fish out of water. “But I haven’t been sworn in yet.” 
Rowan threw his head back and laughed. “I think we have had more important things to worry about than your coronation.” He leaned over and kissed me. “Let’s finish here, and then we can work on our next steps.” 
I nodded and turned back to Senith. I pulled him to his feet and motioned for him to step to the side. I called up the next person and then the next, and they followed Senith’s decision. “Are you all sure?” I looked at the six men standing next to me now. 
Senith smiled. “You said it was our choice, and yet you seem to be trying to talk us out of it.” 
I felt heat rush to my cheeks. “Fine.” I turned back to the remaining men, and we got to the group of men under Silas. I was going to call Sequan up, but Toya’s father and mother walked out of the trees. 
“I heard my daughter has found her mate.” Toya’s father walked over with a smile on his face. “Who is the lucky man?” 
“Baba.” Toya let go of my arm and jogged over to her parents. “I thought you were with Tiven.” 
Her dad smiled at her and patted her head. “And we were. But as soon as he heard your squeal down the mind- link, he sent us to find you.” 
Her mother kissed her cheek. “Your brother is an Alpha, and is healing well. But this is important.” She turned to the men still in chains. “He’s…” Toya’s mother furrowed her brow. “Which one is he?” 
Toya turned back to me with a plea on her face. I stepped away from the men and walked over to them. “Alpha, Luna.” I bowed my head, but I heard a gasp, and arms wrapped around my shoulders. 
“My Queen.” Toya’s mother wrapped me in a hug. “Please do not bow to us. We are unworthy.” 
I pulled back with a grin. “You are Toya’s mother and father. You raised one of the people I love most in this world. That alone earns you my respect.” I stepped back and bowed again to them both. “Thank you for helping my pack when I couldn’t.” 
My father walked over and patted Toya’s father’s shoulder. “My daughter, Amy Maclean. This is Alpha Roderick, and Luna Tova. Now you have officially been introduced.” 
I stood up with a smile. “Thank you, Daddy.” I turned back to the men. “As for Toya’s mate, we haven’t found him in this mess yet. But you are welcome to stay and watch.” I held my hand out to Toya, and once she slid her hand into mine, we walked back to where we were before. 
“Wait…before you continue. I feel like we need to explain these men to your friend.” Silas bowed his head towards Toya’s parents. “Alpha Lightstone. These men are all royal guards.” He nodded to the group. “Royal guards of the disbanded council.” He added with a wince. 
Alpha Roderick nodded and turned to his daughter. “Do you understand what that means, Belly?” 
I leaned over and whispered, “Belly?” I smirked as she nudged me. 
“A nickname from childhood.” She nudged me again before turning to her dad and nodding. “Tiven is the heir, Babsa. And I have learned in these last few years that I do not enjoy the idea of leading.” She turned to me with a hopeful look. “We have spent years growing as a pack together, Amy. And if I can, I would still like to follow you.” 
“Urta- 
“Agrees with me. She may be an Alpha, but she does not covet the role of Luna. Royal Guard suits her just fine. As long as she can guard you.” Toya grabbed my hand. “Say you accept me.” 
I stared at her for a second to confirm she meant it. She started to tear up before I grabbed her forearm. “It would be my honor to have you as a guard.” I pulled her in. “I only want to make sure this is what you truly want. Not because of a mate, or your feelings towards me, but something you truly want for yourself.” I pulled back and cupped her face. 
“It is.” Toya nodded. 
“Then let’s find your mate.” I turned us both to the group. “Silas, did you want to call up your men one at a time?” He gave me a curt nod. 
“Ben.” He waved the first over. Just like the others, we went through the offer. 
“Do you want to continue serving Silas?” Silas’s head snapped over to us. I saw him open his mouth, but I held up my hand. “I want everyone to have an option.” I turned to him. “And I know you want men who want to serve you, not men who feel like they have to. That is the difference between life and death.” Silas closed his mouth and nodded. “You can make your own path, Ben.” 
He looked between me and Silas. “He has always treated me fairly. I would like to stay with Alpha Silas.” I smiled and offered him a hand up. 
“Good. Go stand with him.” I turned to the next guard. 
“Sequan,” Silas called out to his guard, and he wove out of the group of men, and froze. His eyes were focused fully on Toya. 
“Mate.” 
Toya cried out in relief, seeing the Goddess mark on his brow, and she ran to him. “Mate.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 607
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 607 
It took a second for the pair to pull back from each other. But once they did, Sequan dropped to his knee in front of Toya’s father. “Alpha.” He bowed his head. Roderick looked over at me, and then to Silas. 
“He’s yours?” 
Silas nodded. “But like our Queen pointed out. I don’t want to keep him if he’s not fully invested in being my guard.” Sequan winced and got to his feet. He turned to Silas and bowed. 
“Alpha Silas…you have been someone that I have looked up to for many years.” Sequan stared at the ground. “I don’t…” 
I looked at Rowan. “Can guards of different people mate?” I looked at Silas. “I don’t see it being a problem.” 
Silas sighed. “It’s fine on paper.” I pursed my lips. “But what happens if one of us is attacked, and their attention is split?” He sighed. “Sequan has been my captain for years now.’ 
I turned to Toya. “I won’t stop you from being with your mate.” I kissed her cheek. “Take the oath for Silas. That way, your attention isn’t split between two people. Me and Sequan.” I turned to Silas. “Treat her right.” The decision broke my heart, but I knew I had no right to stand in their way. Silas groaned, almost like a toddler would. Rowan snorted, and I felt very confused. “What?” 
“You are perfect.” Silas groaned again. He stuck out a hand to Sequan. “I release you from your vow. Sequan Durant, in the eyes of the Goddess, and all gathered here. I, Silas Reese, release you from your vow of service.” A glowing band around Silas and Sequan’s arms shattered, and Sequan stood up with an open 
with an open mouth. 
“Why would you do that?” Sequan walked to Silas. 
He smiled at the younger man. “Because I was right.” He looked at me. “And so was the Queen.” He sighed as he grabbed his shoulder. “Having you and your mate guarding two different people would split your attention. If there were ever an attack, you would worry about her and me, and she would worry about the queen and you. You are more likely to miss something and get hurt.” His eyes cut to me. “I wanted to be greedy. I wanted to accept Toya’s oath so I could keep you. And if the Queen had shown any ounce of the same thought, I would have fought to keep you.” He looked back at Sequan. “But she just proved how much she loves her friend. And her relationship with her.” He looked down. “She shamed me. Instead of thinking of you and what you would want, I only thought of myself.” He shook his head. “I think of you as a son.” He pulled him into a hug. “Be with your mate.” 
Sequan bowed once more. “Thank you.” He turned back to Toya and then to me. “You would have let her go, even after she had already promised to be your guard.” 
I tilted my head. “Of course.” I grabbed her hand. “She’s one of my best friends.” I nodded toward her family. ” You have people to meet. And we have more guards to go through.” I pushed her towards her mate. “Go. We will be fine here.” 
“You sure?” She grabbed for me, and I pushed her again with a laugh. 
“Of course I’m sure. Now go.” I turned back to the men. “Let’s get through all of this.” 
“In a rush?” My father chuckled. 
I just nodded as my smile dropped from my face. “We have a lot of questioning to do.” I pointed to all the guards still on the ground. 
Rowan grabbed my hand. “My guards can handle the questioning.” 
I smiled up at him. “Of the guards…of course.” I looked over my shoulder at the house. “Of Yarrow and Theo…no fucking way.” 
My dad walked closer. “You don’t need to be involved with the others either.” 
I grabbed for my father’s hand. “But I do.” 
“Why?” My father cupped my face. “I would protect you from this if I could.” 
“I know, Daddy. But these men…these wolves have used their power to abuse those under them. They sold our kind, killed our race, and then thought they could get away scot-free.” I felt Nix’s flash into my eyes. “They have many questions to answer.” My magic jumped to my fingers, and Rowan’s hands slid into mine, snuffing the flames that ignited on my palm. 
“Okay.” He smiled. “This should be interesting.” 
My father’s eyes were a little wide. “I’ve never thought of using my magic to question someone. Tell me you’re not planning on it.” 
I looked at him but kept my lips shut. “And why not?” 
My father looked a little green. “Because that’s not what it is meant to do.” 
I let my anger fill my eyes. “But-” 
“Your father has my outlook on magic, my love.” My grandmother’s voice whispered through the air, and by the way my father jumped, he heard it too. “And while I would always teach him to use his magic for protection, for love, and for safety. He doesn’t see that is exactly what you are trying to do.” She sighed. “Do what you must. Only you can decide how dark you are willing to get to save the world.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 608
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 608 
My father choked. “Save the world?” His eyes jumped from my face to Rowan’s. “What the hell is she talking about, Amy?” 
I blew out a breath. “Well, all of this bullshit for one.” I waved my hand around the group of men on the ground. ” But after everything we just saw…do you honestly have to ask?” I shook my head at him. “They are taking our wolves.” The words hit the crowd, and murmurs started almost instantly. 
My father leaned in. “Lower your voice. We don’t want to scare them.” 
I looked at Rowan, and he kissed my forehead. “I trust your judgement.” I smiled and wanted to kiss him. 
“That’s why I mated you.” I kissed him before I turned to everyone gathered, and then at the last minute, I opened my mind-link for the pack. 
I can project to all wolves around us. Nix offered. 
That’s not possible. I stared at my wolves as they laughed. 
That’s where you draw the line? Megan’s voice was soft and breathy. Like she was about to fall asleep. You have magic; you are unofficially the queen. You can do whatever you feel like. Megan shifted her head. I’m almost positive that if you focused, you could broadcast your mind-link to every wolf in this country…maybe the world. 
My mouth dropped open at her words. There is no way that’s possible. I turned back to Nix. But do it. I want everyone here to know. Nix nodded, and I felt something push out. It felt almost as if I were blowing a bubble; it felt tentative, and very fragile. 
“Hear me. Silvermoon, and those near, and believe what I tell you is the truth as I know it at this time.” 
“Amy.” My dad grabbed for me with wide eyes, but I shook my head. 
Silas frowned. “This shouldn’t be possible.” 
Ronnie laughed. “Most of what she does shouldn’t be possible.” He pointed to the glowing mark on my forehead, and I felt the telltale sign that my mark was growing. But I ignored it. I had something more important to focus on. 
“No, Daddy.” I focused on the worry in his eyes. “We can’t hide this from them…they need to know. They need to be prepared.” I felt the mind-link quiet at my words. Everyone was listening now. “The council has been disbanded for its treason; all but Alpha Silas have been executed or imprisoned. But what I’m about to tell you is too important. The humans know we exist. Not in the movie- scary-story way, but in the real-experiment way. The council sold us out. We have proof that the humans have run experiments on us. We don’t know how far they have gotten, or how close they are to closing in. We don’t know if it’s the government, a private organization, or one sick fucker that had too much money. What we know is that Rowan and I will do everything we can to ensure that every wolf and every pack is safe from this.” 
Roderick gasped. “Is she serious?” 
My father turned. “We just saw the proof.” He looked down at his hands. “I was planning on sharing it with the Alphas so we could decide what we should do.” He met my eyes and nodded. “But Amy is right. Everyone needs to 
know.” 
“Not only do I believe everyone should know, but I think it is important that Alphas, including the King, are upfront about what we are facing here. This way we can do better.” 
“Do better?” Silas looked at Rowan. “But Rowan didn’t know.” 
Rowan winced. “I think that is one of Amy’s points. We have been so focused on the attacks that no one questioned wolves going missing. We don’t even know how long this was going on.’ 
“Exactly.” I nodded. “Once everything settles, we will hold a summit for all Alphas. We will get together to come up with ways to attack this problem together.” I turned to my mate. “We will protect you from this if we can, even if it costs us our lives.” A howl started from someone next to me, and I realized Sequan had dropped to his knee again and had thrown his back, howling his support. Everyone around us followed suit. Even my father. A howl went over the mind-link and then another. Until there was a wave of support as Rowan and I were the only ones 
left standing. 
Then, Rowan did something that stopped my breath. He kissed me and then dropped to his knee. His howl joined with everyone else. I was standing alone in a sea of wolves all howling to the goddess their support…of me. I felt tears prickle my eyes, and I had to wipe away one that fell. 
But it was a manic laugh that had everyone stop. “You think you can stop them?” A wolf still shackled yelled, eyes wide with anger. “You are stupider than Thinius thought.” He laughed. “You are all dead.” Then he slammed his teeth together, smoke slipped out of his mouth as he grimaced and swallowed, all before he dropped dead. 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 609
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 609 
Megan’s eyes snapped open. Not on my watch. I felt the magic release as she called out a spell. Corza lik ti fraa zen cornti pa. 
Nix nodded once. Smart girl. 
“Hat da uck.” Ronnie’s face was stuck in a grimace, so his words were slurred. I giggled, and his eyes snapped to 

“Sorry.” I took the time to focus on the guards in front of me. 
WAIT! Nix yelled before I released them. 
What? I felt my face fall. 
Before you release everyone, mind like the guards on Theo and Yarrow. Make sure they are still alive. 
Holy shit, I didn’t think of them. I nodded once. “Daddy, who is standing guard with Yarrow and Theo?” I asked, forgetting he was frozen. 
“Ica mo ni sha loctius.” His words were slow and deliberate, and I realized why as he got to his feet. “Why?” 
“You broke free.” I smiled as I winked at him. “Sorry I didn’t mean to freeze everyone. But Nix and I saw what was happening, and well…” 
“She acted before thinking, freezing everyone instead of picking specific people.” I nodded. “It happens.” He chuckled. “Just release everyone.” 
“I will…once we know that Yarrow and Theo are alive, frozen and not able to do what that guy did.” He rubbed his 
face. 
“Listen…I love you but do you always have to make it so obvious that you are smarter than me?” He chuckled. 
“Of course she does.” A voice called out. We heard running and both of us turned. Alannah and my mother were both holding a baby, with a small kid with them on the backs of two wolves. 
My father turned to run, but I grabbed him. “Daddy, the guards.” 
He nodded once, and I watched as his eyes filled with love as he stared at my mother who was getting off Wendy’s wolf. His voice was soft as he called to the guards. Are the two council members still alive? 
Yes, Alpha. The guard answered. 
Make sure they can’t bite down. My father sighed with relief. 
I felt their confusion for a second before the other guard spoke up. Alpha, we followed the new procedure you put in place after Aurora escaped. As soon as we brought them down here, we gagged them so they couldn’t do much other than grunt. 
My dad visibly relaxed, and so did I. My father glanced at me, and I nodded towards my mom, while I turned back to everyone else. I focused on the men shackled and then I broke the spell for everyone else. 
1/4 
My dad wasted no time in reaching my mother. Alannah had just taken the baby back when he reached her, and they leapt into each other’s arms. 
“Uncle Ronnie?” 
“Yeah, Ladybug.” He walked over, and I could see how tired he was…how tired everyone was. 
“Do we have enough gags for everyone?” He shook his head. 
“No way. We didn’t expect over twenty wolves to be held at the same time.” I wiped my face and nodded. 
“Fair. I know everyone is tired. So, have the guards set up chairs in the cells? Tie everyone to a chair, and use silver rope to gag them.” There was a gasp from those kneeling. “Wrap a cloth around the part that touches skin. It’s just to keep them alive.” Ronnie nodded. “Set up however many in each cell so that they can’t escape. I want guards on a four-hour rotation so we all can sleep. We will start the interrogations tomorrow.” 
“Sounds like a plan. I’ll call Greyson and start.” 
I called Tina. “Since I already set off your mate, do you mind checking on everyone coming back?” I looked down at her belly. “If you are okay, that is.” 
She smiled. “We are perfect.” 
I grabbed her hand. “Take Lynn with you.” 
Tina nodded once, and I saw the sadness in her eyes. “Of course.” 
“Actually.” A call from the trees had us turning. Lynn stepped out. “Everyone is already settled or on their way to being settled.” She looked away from everyone staring at her. “I checked as I was coming in.” 
I walked over to Lynn and held out my hand. She came over, and I felt her relax as soon as she touched me. Nix ran off, probably to talk to Lynn’s wolf. And I just nodded towards the house. “Everything went smoothly, I assume?” 
Lynn took a deep breath. “As smooth as can be expected with everything going on.” 
“Fair. Since you handled everything. Head up, and I’ll check in with you later to go over everything.” She looked exhausted, but also could see she was struggling with so many people. 
“Thank you.” I saw the relief as soon as I said it. She turned and headed straight to the house after nodding at my 
mom. 
I turned back to Tina. I could see the question before she said it. “I don’t know everything. But I know she went through a lot. Believe me when I say that she is doing amazingly compared to how she was when I first got her back out.” I looked at the thinning crowd. 
Tina grabbed my hand. “You feel guilty.” She and I both knew she meant it as a question, but it came off as a fact. 
I nodded. “She came to Oakenfang for me. And she went through hell because of it.” 
Tina pulled me towards the house. “She made her own choices.” I just shook my head. “How about you talk to her before you start hating yourself? Lynn would never want you to blame yourself.” 
2/4 
“You don’t know that.” I pull away. 
She laughed. “Hey! I’m technically your aunt, so you have to listen to me.” I raised my eyebrow, and she laughed. “Just go talk to her.” She pushed me towards the door. “I’ll tell the King and get food sent up to your room. We have this. Go talk and then sleep. Before anything else happens.” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 610
Chapter Insight: What This Scene Reveals About the Story
This chapter uncovers emotional layers that quietly guide the story’s direction, revealing motivations beneath the surface. Their choices are shaped by deeper conflicts they struggle to express. Tension builds subtly, hinting at consequences that will echo beyond this scene. Emotional shifts here set the stage for how each character navigates challenges ahead.
Turning Points: Critical Moments That Shape the Chapter
This chapter introduces key shifts that alter the emotional tone and direction of the story. Confessions, confrontations, or hesitations act as catalysts, pushing characters to reassess themselves and each other. Small moments gain weight as they influence the broader arc.
Emotional Underflow: How Each Character Truly Feels Here
Behind every line lies an undercurrent of emotion the characters try to hide. Their internal struggles show through gestures and pauses, revealing truths they cannot fully voice. This chapter highlights how deeply their emotions shape their choices.
Shadows of the Past: Trauma & History Influencing This Chapter
Past experiences and old wounds influence every decision. Histories rise to the surface, adding weight to interactions and guiding present actions. Trauma and memory become driving forces in the unfolding drama.
Power Shifts: How Relationships Change in This Chapter
Emotional power shifts as characters confront uncomfortable truths. Vulnerability and strength move between them, reshaping relationships and forcing reconsideration of boundaries and roles.
Hidden Meanings: Symbolism Woven Into Key Scenes
Symbolic details enrich the chapter, mirroring internal struggles. s, settings, and gestures reveal deeper truths that words alone cannot express, tying personal conflict to the broader world.
Signals of What’s Coming: Foreshadowing in This Chapter
Subtle details foreshadow future conflicts and emotional revelations. Characters’ reactions hint at challenges ahead, planting seeds that will grow into significant turning points.
Lines That Hit Hard: Important Quotes & Why They Matter
Several lines carry emotional weight, revealing hidden fears, desires, and vulnerabilities. These quotes serve as anchors that stay with the reader and deepen the impact of the scene.
Chapter 610 
“Lynn.” I caught up with her at her door. “Do you have a minute?” 
She turned to me and nodded. “Of course.” Her eyes were wary. “Come in.” She pushed into her room, a suite just like my own. She looked longingly at her bed, and I chuckled. 
“I promise I won’t take too long. I just wanted to check on you, without anyone listening.” She turned and raised one eyebrow. I winced as I sealed the room. “Sorry.” I chuckled as I sank into a chair. “I’m tired.” 
Lynn nodded. “I think after the last few days, we are all tired.” She sat across from me. “What did you want to talk about?” 
I rubbed my face. “How are you really doing?” I dropped my hand. “We haven’t had a minute to talk alone after everything that happened at the mating ceremony.” 
Her shoulders inched up. “I’m fine.” I leveled a look at her. “I am.” She looked away from me, and her body started to tremble. “I killed him, and now everything is fine.” She sounded like she was trying to convince herself 
more than me. 
“Do you want me to command you to tell me the truth?” She whimpered, and I realized she thought I was threatening her. Lynn would never offer the truth, and this would take her emotions out of it. “I can word it in a way that you won’t feel it, just like you were reading off a list.” I leaned back. “It sounded like a threat, and I didn’t mean it to. It was an offer.” I stared up at the ceiling. “I know you don’t want to talk about it, because talking about it is reliving it.” I closed my eyes, and I was back on the table. Every cut, every burn, all the pain. I felt tears pool at the corners of my eyes. “But I know from myself that talking about it was a release. The more I talked about it, the easier it was to face.” I turned my head to find her staring at me. “I would never make you tell me anything. Not unless you gave me permission. But this way…I can take it all away and let you finally tell it. In full. Without any judgement.” 
“You will judge me.” Her voice broke, and she looked away. She growled, but I knew it was aimed at herself. 
“Never.” I reached over the small table between us and snagged her hand. “I’m going to say this once, and I need you to listen to every word I say.” She turned to face me, and she was mad. Whether it was at me or herself, I didn’t know. “You did whatever you had to do to survive. Everything that you did to come out alive was justified. End of story. What was done to you…that is on Derek. What he did-” 
“It wasn’t just him.” Her voice was barely a whisper. I almost missed the words. I froze and leaned in to hear her 
better. 
“What?” 
She took a deep breath. “It was mainly Derek…but Vince and Brandon took part too. Even Morgan did some of it.” She pulled her hand out of mine. She took a minute, but finally her eyes met mine. “You don’t have to command me.” I saw a tear fall. “Just…promise me you won’t change your opinion of me.” 
“I swear on the Goddess that what happened to you will never change my opinion of you.” I stuck out my pinky finger and waited for her smile. “Pinky promise.” 
She hooked her pinky into mine and then nodded. “I don’t know where to start.” She rubbed her hands together, 
1/3 
working up the nerve to explain it all. I held up my finger as a knock sounded. “What’s that?” 
“Come.” I called out, and the door cracked open and an Omega rolled in a cart. 
“Alpha Amy.” Trina bowed her head quickly. “Gamma Lynn.” She bobbed her head again. “Here is the hot chocolate you ordered.” She smiled as she rolled it all over to us. “The chef also put your food in your room, but I brought the Gammas with me.” She stopped next to the table. 
“You can leave the food on the cart for now, Trina.” I smiled as I took the cup she offered. The chef outdid himself. There was whipped cream and caramel drizzle. Yum. 
“Thank you.” Lynn accepted the cup, and then Trina left us alone. “Why did she bring up hot chocolate?” 
I snorted. “I wanted something to drink, and while booze might sound good, for this conversation I figured it would be smarter to stay sober.” I took a sip. The chocolaty goodness filled my mouth, and I might have moaned a little, earning a snort. “Plus.” I put my cup down to face Lynn. “I noticed when you were stressed at the cabin, my mom would make you a hot chocolate and you would settle.” 
She nodded and then took her own sip. “My mom used to make them for me when I was a kid.” She put her cup on the table, and then cradled it with both hands, pulling the warmth to her. Her eyes flicked to mine. “I guess it started when I walked in on Shannon and Derek fucking and I rejected him…” 
Closing Reflection
This chapter ends with shifting emotions and unresolved tension, hinting at deeper conflicts and unspoken truths. Choices made here will shape what follows, and the weight of this moment lingers as a quiet turning point.
Next Chapter Teaser
The next chapter will build on these consequences, drawing characters into challenges they can no longer avoid. Tension will rise, secrets will surface, and new revelations will reshape the path ahead.
Reader Engagement
This chapter raises questions about motivations, emotions, and relationships. Which moment mattered most? Who revealed more than they intended? How might events here reshape the bonds between characters?
World/Lore Connection
Beneath the emotions lies the broader world’s influence. Unseen rules, histories, and power structures shape choices and outcomes, adding weight to every action taken in this scene.
One-Line Ending
With this chapter complete, the story steps into a new phase filled with uncertainty, tension, and possibility.
###Next D 611
Chapter 611 
**Trigger Warning** This chapter will touch on abuse. (Physical/Mental/Sexual) Please be advised. If you can’t read that…skip to chapter -614 
I took another sip as she figured out how to go on. “No judgment.” I whispered when I saw the apprehension in 
her eyes. 
She nodded once. “His scent hit me once Shannon brought me to the pack house, and she noticed. I was trying to head to the Beta wing, but Shannon did everything to keep me away from it.” Lynn laughed. “That should have been the giant red flag I needed to see, but I just figured she couldn’t or wouldn’t insult Derek because of his rank.” Her eyes met mine. “I didn’t know his rank, obviously, but I thought…it was just because the scent led up to the ranked floors, you know.” 
I nodded. “Your thoughts weren’t wrong, for a normal unranked wolf that is, but this is Shannon we are talking about.” 
Lynn took a sip and chuckled. “I was so naive.” One of her hands wiped at her face. “Anyway. Shannon told me I could come back to the pack house to figure out who my mate was later, but she took me around the pack. At dinner, Shannon brought me to eat, and then said she had to run. I actually thanked her.” She laughed again and tilted her head back, and I could see tears struggling at the corners of her eyes. She was fighting tooth and nail not to cry over that man. “Once I ate, and met some of the other pack members…I figured I was free to go search now.” She sniffled. “I went up to his room, trailing his scent, and then I heard it.” The smirk on her face was forced. “There were people fucking in the room, so I walked in. And there was your sister. And Derek.” She met my eyes again. “Do you know what she did? Shannon laughed.” She gave a tiny growl. I watched her eyes become unfocused. “She said, ‘I figured he was your mate, so I wanted to give him one more go.’ The fucking whore. I rejected him while he was still balls deep inside of her, because of course he thought I was going to forgive him for whatever reason.” 
“He was a narcissist.” I think my answer snapped her out of the scene in her mind, because her eyes sharpened on my face and she nodded. 
“Yes.” She leaned back over her hot chocolate. “It took a few days. I thought he would get around to accepting the rejection, but instead Vince called me to the office.” I felt a pit open in my stomach. She smiled, but it was almost a grimace. “He commanded me to work side by side with Derek to start.” She took a sip. “And I did it. But then it escalated. I would find him fucking other women every other day. When that didn’t get 
the reaction he wanted…” She struggled with her words. “It changed.” 
“Changed how?” I leaned on my hand. “When?” 
She puffed out her cheeks. “After I called you. To warn you about the kudzu.” She rolled her neck. “Brandon thought something happened because you were so locked down that something had to have been leaked.” Her shoulders drew up. “They searched and found nothing, but they still somehow figured it was me. Your mom was pretty much always in the house, and they said that they didn’t hear any phone calls to you. That left me.” 
“I’m sorry.” I felt awful that it was the phone call that shifted everything. 
She swallowed, and I heard the table crack under her fingers as she gripped the edge. “They took me.” 
“Took you?” 
She nodded, and once again I watched her eyes grow hazy. “They put me in a special jail…” 
I reached across the table and pulled her fingers from the edge, wrapping her fingers around my own. “I know it.” 
She squeezed my hand. “It was fine at first. I was finally free from seeing Derek daily. Trying to work alongside my ex-mate while watching him sleep with anything that walked was…draining.” 
I snorted. “I’m sure it was more than draining.” 
Her mouth lifted into a small smile. “You’re right. I was exhausted, and in pain.” She shook her head. “It killed me. You know. The fact that my mate didn’t want me, even when he saw me, smelt me…it stung. But your father always taught us we deserved better than being treated like dirt.” She looked at our hands. “And he didn’t even pull away from Shannon when I walked in. I could see the need hit him when my scent filled the room, and instead he just rutted her harder.” She grimaced. “But I’m thankful I had that moment of clarity. That small moment to break our bond on my side.” 
“Why?” It sounded like a dumb question, after everything she had already said. But I felt compelled to ask. 
“Because it saved a tiny sliver of my soul that they couldn’t touch.” Her eyes looked haunted. “Even after everything they did.” 
###Next D 612
Chapter 612 
**Trigger Warning** This chapter will touch on abuse. (Physical/Mental/Sexual) Please be advised. If you can’t read that…skip to chapter -614 
I squeezed her fingers. “What do you mean?” 
She pulled in a breath. “My wolf had broken the bond between his wolf and her, and I severed the bond so I didn’t feel the full pain of betrayal. I still felt it a little; that’s why it ate at me, but I was able to deal with it.” She looked up at the ceiling and gave a humorless laugh. “I keep beating around the hard stuff, trying to work nerve to say it, like it’s going to change it. But it won’t.” 
“Don’t rush yourself.” I whispered, but she shook her head. 
up the 
“After the first week, Derek started coming in to see me every day.” She refused to meet my eyes. “He hit me at first, after he tied me to a chair so I couldn’t fight back, of course. But then it was knives, wolfsbane in the wounds, then silver. Every time he came, and I didn’t react the way he wanted me to, she escalated.” I must have gasped because she tried to pull her hand away, but I tightened my grip. “I tried faking it, but it was like he knew, and he would get worse.” Her eyes closed. “Then he changed his mind.” 
“Changed his mind?” I raised an eyebrow. 
She nodded, still looking away, and let out a shuddering breath. “He overheard Vince and Brandon talking about you and the stupid fucking superstition of Alphas.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
She finally looked at me, and a tear spilled over and trailed down her cheek. “The superstition that an Alpha won’t come into his full power unless he mates with his Goddess-given mate.” 
“Oh…but what does that have to do with you and Derek?” 
She laughed. “It doesn’t. He’s just stupid. He came up with the idea that he would become stronger if he mated me…” She closed her eyes, and another tear fell. “He tried to be sweet. But he was already tainted to me. He tried everything to get back on my good side, but why he thought it was possible, I have no clue.” 
“He tortured you…” I said it, and I was at a loss. “Why would anyone think he could make you love him again after he tortured you?” 
She slammed the table with her free hand. “That’s what I said.” Her voice was almost a bellow, but she deflated. “He was stupid, but persistent. And when I kept rejecting him. Well. That’s when he started to take it anyway.” She turned her head, and a small sob escaped. 
“What are you saying…he took your love?” I was exhausted, so my brain wasn’t making sense to me. I heard her growl, but I squeezed her hand. “I honestly am just confused. I didn’t ask to push you…but I’ve been fighting, moving, running for almost two days just like you…I just don’t understand.” 
Her growl cut off. “He tied me to a table and then took the thing I kept for my mate.” 
It clicked in my brain, and I gasped again. “He…forced you to-” 
“Please don’t say it.” Her voice was a rough whisper. “If you say it…then I will have to relive it, and I don’t think 
I can.” 
“Hey,” I called to her as I squeezed her hand. “It’s okay. You are here, and he’s dead.” 
She nodded once, and I could feel her relax a little. “So he started that…multiple times a day. He said He was going to drain the strength out of me.” She shuddered. “Then Vince walked in.” 
My stomach dropped. I knew what she was going to say next, but I didn’t want to be right. “Please….Goddess save me, but please do not say what I think you are going to say.” It was a whispered prayer. But it was one that would go unanswered. 
“He laughed as he watched Derek use me. Like some kind of whore.” She shook silently as she sobbed, as tears trailed down her face. Finally, her eyes met mine. “He watched for the first few times. Conveniently, he would always come when Derek came for a visit. Said he had pack business to discuss, but we all know the truth. Derek liked the audience. But Vince was working his way in.” She shook her head. “They came together the next day, and I knew.” She gagged. “Every day they came together. Sometimes more than once. And then Morgan…” She shuddered again. I watched her skin ripple with fur. Her wolf was doing her best to comfort her. 
“No.” It slipped from my mouth. 
She nodded. “The three of them took a lot of pleasure in my misery.” She wiped her face. “I lost myself.” She pulled her hand away and used both her hands to wipe the tears away. 
“Of course you did.” I felt horrible. But what do you say to a woman who went through the worst thing anyone had to survive? 
“You don’t understand.” She looked at me. “I was teetering on the edge of going rabid.” 
###Next D 613
Chapter 613 
**Trigger Warning** This chapter will touch on abuse. (Physical/Mental/Sexual) Please be advised. If you can’t read that…skip to chapter -614 
She tried to pull away again. “I did go rabid.” Her confession shocked me. “I let my wolf take over and hid.” She shook, and I could see shame on her face. “You have always been nice to me…but I don’t deserve it.” 
“Lynn.” I stood and crouched in front of her chair. “I want you to look at me.” She shook her head as tears coursed down her face. I grabbed her cheeks and forced her to look at me. “You didn’t go rabid.” 
“I did.” She sobbed, and my heart broke for her. “I let my wolf take over.” 
“I do that all the time.” My confession had her reeling. Her back shot back against the chair, and her mouth and eyes grew wide. 
“What are you saying?” She grabbed at me while hushing me. “You can’t say that out loud.” 
“Why not?” I was very confused by her reaction. 
“My father always said that if we allowed our wolves to take over, then we are going rabid.” She shook her head. “My old pack killed people who allowed their wolf to front.” I realized I had never heard Lynn’s wolf. Not once. And now I understood why. 
“Lynn…” She shook her head again, and I grabbed her hand again and shook it. “Your father’s pack still followed the old laws, right?” She nodded. “Then why the hell would you believe anything they said?” 
She froze. “What are you saying?” 
“I’m saying any normal relationship between us and our wolves involves times where we allow them to take over. It gives them the freedom they crave, and us a break. Every wolf should do it. I allow Nix and Megan to take over from time to time.” I laughed, but I cut it short when I saw her face. “When I was a kid, my father brought me to a wolfs house. We had to deliver the news that he had lost his mate and pup. He went rabid.” I rubbed my second hand over hers. “His eyes turned red. He went fully wolf. His pain killed his human soul. That’s how it works.” 
She shook. “But that’s not what we are taught.” 
“Lynn, you were also taught that women are less than men. And we both know that’s bullshit.” She smirked a little. “Your wolf took over because she saw you were breaking.” I leaned into her and pulled her into my arms. “ You went through a nightmare.” I felt her trembling. “Something that no one should go through. And you are allowed to lose yourself because of it.” I pulled back so I could look into her eyes. “I need you to look at me when I say this.” 
I waited until her eyes met mine and she flinched away a little. “I can’t.” Her eyes danced around. 
“Yes, you can…because you are the strongest wolf I have ever met.” I let my words sink in and then I tightened my grip on her back, and cupped her cheek, forcing her face up. “Now look into my eyes.” Her eyes rolled for a few more seconds before she finally looked at me. “Listen to my words, and I need you and your wolf to listen to what I say. Okay?” She nodded slowly, and I waited for another second before I licked my lips. “You never have to apologize for what you had to do, endure, or say to survive.” Her eyes widened, and I knew I had hit a nerve. “I am not stupid enough to think that when the three of those men were using you, that they didn’t do absolutely 
everything they could to cause you pain. I don’t have to see your skin to see the scars they left on you. Men like that are fucking disgusting. And they will force you to do what they want. Whether it si through threats, torture, or worse.” She gagged, but I didn’t move. “You never have to apologize or feel ashamed of what you did to survive.” 
“You can’t mean that.” Her words were whispered, but I heard the hate she had for herself. 
“I do. A million times over, I do. I don’t care what you did. I don’t care what you said. I don’t care about anything that you did in that jail to survive.” 
Tears overflowed her cheeks. “You can’t mean that.” 
I leaned in and kissed her forehead. “I mean every word.” Nix pushed forward, and I felt my eyes shift. I pulled back enough so she could see Nix’s eyes. She pushed forward until I felt my fangs descend and my voice shift. Her smoky voice filtered through my lips. “Understand us when we show you the truth, young one.” 
Lynn snorted. “I’m older than you.” 
Nix lifted a brow. “Maybe in years, but in experience I have two lifetimes to pull from. You do not. In our last life, Megan and I stayed hidden. We were weaker because of it. Amy has learned to be better in this life.” Megan chuffed in agreement. “But there is one thing you are missing.” Lynn’s eyes focus on us. “We are here to protect our human souls. We shift to become more agile, stronger, and wilder, but our lives are intertwined. We are your first protectors. Because you give us life. No wolf would ever look down on you for allowing your wolf to do its goddess-given duty. Nor would another woman ever condemn you for surviving what you have.” I felt my eyes and voice shift again, and Megan’s eyes met Lynn’s. 
“And if they do…well, that just shows how corrupt they have become.” Megan leaned in and pressed a kiss to her cheek. “You survived the worst.” She pulled back to look Lynn in her eyes. “Now what are you going to do to thrive in the life you have left?” 
###Next D 614
Chapter 614 
I left Lynn to think over what Megan had said. ‘You survived the worst…now what are you going to do to thrive in the life you have left?’ Her words echoed in my mind as I walked back to my room. 
Nix settled next to Megan. She suffered more than anyone should. I nodded as I walked. But she has come back and is rebuilding herself. 
Megan laid her head down on her paws. She is doing better than most. She closed her eyes. I don’t think I would have been able to survive that. Nix hummed her agreement. 
“I think that in situations like that, no one knows what they are truly able to do. Not until it’s happening and you have to find a way to keep your sanity.” I murmured as I opened the door. 
Rowan was walking out of the shower, freshly clean, and completely naked. “Hey.” He smiled as he stood there bare to the world, using the towel in his hands to dry his hair. 
I felt blood rush to my face, and I forgot to think as I stared at my mate. That was until I heard a scream from behind me. I jolted and slammed the door shut. Whirling on my mate, I pointed my finger, and my eyes glared daggers at him. “You did that on purpose.” He snorted as he kept drying his hair, but he kept his mouth shut. Are you trying to show what’s mine to every woman in this pack?” I heard the growl in my voice before I realized how agitated my wolves were. What Lynn told me affected all of us more than we realized. 
Nix’s voice was a soft whisper cushioning the words that came out. One of ours faced three men and couldn’t stop them from doing everything they could to ruin her. We promised to protect her, and we failed. I growled again. My anger was hanging by a thread. 
He froze, realizing his mistake, but then he realized something. “I’m not the one who left the door open. I came out because I heard you, and you are allowed to see me naked.” He smirked. “Hell, I want you naked right now. I watched his body respond as he walked closer to me. “But you froze, and that poor Omega saw more than she bargained for.” 
I felt my face grimace as I realized he was right. “Well, I didn’t expect you to walk around our room naked!” I shot out while waving my arms in the air. I pointed at him. “Be more observant of the wolves around.” Then I stomped to the shower to wash off the last few days with his chuckle following me. At least he wasn’t taking my 
outburst to heart. 
I felt a bone-chilling cold take over my body, so I quickly stripped and stepped under the scalding water. The steam filled the room quickly as I washed my body and hair. Then, I dropped into a crouch against the tiled wall. I felt the tears fall, but the water whisked the evidence away. 
Rowan found me like that. I heard a hiss right before I felt arms pull me from the ground. “Why do you have the water this hot?” 
I barely felt the heat; I was shivering. He heard my teeth clacking and saw her frown. “I’m cold.” 
“I can see that, but why?” He frowned as he turned the water off. The soft clicking of my teeth was the only sound in the room. Rowan pulled a hot towel from the warmer and wrapped me in it before he put me down on the counter. “Talk to me.” He grabbed a second towel and started to dry my feet. 
“I can’t tell you what Lynn told me.” I knew my eyes were unfocused as I remembered her words, but I couldn’t help it. Her face and words haunted me. 
“I don’t need you to spill her secrets…just yours.” He moved up my legs as I huddled in the towel. “Why are you like this?” He moved to my arms. “Talk to me.” 
I took a deep breath and met his eyes. “I failed in protecting her.” 
His hands froze for a second before he moved on to my hair. “She blames you?” His question was soft, but I heard the steel behind it. 
“No. But I wish she would.” I looked away and ended up staring at the sink. “She blames herself.” My hand gripped his to stop him drying my hair. “They tortured her. In ways I can’t say, but I am sure you understand. But she blames herself. What she did to survive.” 
He growled. “No one should feel ashamed of surviving something like that. You do what you have to do.” I nodded. 
“I agree. But she doesn’t see it that way. And in here.” I tapped my chest. “In here I ache because I swore I would protect her and then I left her in that cesspool.” 
“She stayed to protect your mother.” I nodded again. “She is a Gamma protecting her Luna.” His voice was low, coaxing. “It’s horrible. What she went through. And we will make sure everyone who touched her dies. But if you ask her if she regrets it. I know she would say no because it could have been your mother. Or you.” I felt another tear fall because I hated that he was right. “You diminish her when you talk about it like you are.” I reeled back and almost smacked my head off the glass. “Before you get mad, think about it. What is a Gamma’s duty?” 
“To protect her Luna.” My answer was low. 
“And why did they catch her?” 
Her words came back to me. “She called me…with a warning. And they took her in right after.” 
He nodded. “Don’t diminish her by blaming yourself. She protected her Luna.” Rowan kissed me and then turned and left me on the counter to think. 
###Next D 615
Chapter 615 
There was a pounding at the door, and I groaned. I rolled over in the darkness and realized I only had a few hours of steep. Three at most. “What is that?” Rowan’s voice was a horse yell. 
I chuckled as I dragged myself out of bed. I had enough forethought to grab my robe before I trudged over to the door. I turned back as Rowan was about to move, and I barked at him to get back into the bed. “Stay put. No one else gets to see you naked.” I pointed a finger at him. 
He laughed as he settled back into the bed with the blanket pulled over his lap. “We are wolves love. Everyone is naked.” 
I snorted. “Nice try, Lycan, you shift without taking off your clothes. No one gets to see you naked. Understood?” Rowan grinned and nodded once before I turned back to the door. I opened it as the person knocked again. “What’s wrong? Dad?” I pulled the door completely open. “Why are you here so early? I figured you’d be busy with Mom?” The man had the decency to 
blush as he shook his head. 
“I mean, I was, but we have a situation, and I figured you and Rowan wanted to be there.” 
Rowan perked up at that. “What’s wrong?” I heard him shift and knew he was about to get up. I turned as he shifted again and pointed back to the bed with a growl. He snorted. “He’s a man…and your father!” The disbelief in his voice was filled with exasperated amusement. 
“Well, you should have thought about it before you flashed the Omega. Now you have to deal with two very territorial wolves. Congrats.” I smirked before turning back to my father. His smile made me point at his face. “Shut it.” He held up his hands.” Now what is going on?” 
My dad snorted, but it disappeared quickly. “Theo wants to talk.” 
I felt my eyebrows furrow. “About what?” 
My dad shrugged. “I don’t know, but IO figured you would want to be there.” 
I nodded. “We both would. Give us a minute to get dressed, and we can head down together. Plus, it will give me a second to gather what I need.” 
“What do you need?” My father gripped the door as I tried to shut it. “For what?” 
“For the spells.” I looked at him, and I saw the pain in his eyes. “I know you don’t agree with me. But the Goddess has tasked me with this. And I will use everything at my disposal to save us.” His hand dropped from the door. 
“But…magic shouldn’t be used for darkness.” 
# 4 
34 
I smiled up at him and his almost childlike outlook. “Darkness is relative.” I grabbed his hand. “You will torture and kill someone who betrays the pack, right?” 
He nodded. “Of course. When they go against the pack, it is up to the Alpha to protect everyone. You know this.” 
“I do. I did it for you. And I would do it again to save the pack.” I shook his hand. “This is the same thing, just on a larger scale. I’m the Queen Luna, and I will do anything, give anything, to protect our kind. Even if it costs me my soul…or my life.” 
My father stared at me for a moment. “I remember you as my little girl, still running around with pigtails, and chasing after Loki.” He closed his eyes for a second, and I was surprised to see a tear trembling on his lashes. “When did you grow up into this amazingly strong woman?” He took a shaky breath and cleared his throat. “You don’t need me anymore, and I don’t know how to feel about it.” 
1/3 
is right. But 
I laughed and poked him. “I grew up because I had to. I am who I am because you and Mom raised me to know you are wrong.” He lifted his gaze to meet mine. “I will always need my dad.” I pulled him down so I could kiss his cheek and then I pushed him away. “Give us a minute and we will be out.” 
He nodded. “Mindlink an Omega to grab everything you need, and they can meet us downstairs.” 
I shut the door, and Rowan got up from the bed, walking to the closet, and I had to stifle a groan. Nix snorted. Our mate is perfect, but you have more important things to do instead of staring at his ass. 
Megan chuffed. I can’t blame her. I stare at Erubus too. 
I snorted as I followed him into the closet. He was buckling his belt as I stepped in. “What’s so funny?” 
“Nothing.” I answered too quickly, and I felt the blood rush to my face. 
“You were looking at my butt, weren’t you?” His voice was laced with amusement. 
“I was not.” I grabbed some clothes and got dressed. 
“Liar.” He shot back as he pulled on his shirt. 
“Bold of you to assume I’m lying.” I shot back as I pulled my shirt on. 
He laughed as he walked out. “Bold of you to assume your wolves didn’t already rat you out.” Then I heard the door open and 
shut. 
Son of a bitch. Traitors, both of you. I glared at my wolves, and they just laughed. 
###Next D 616
Chapter 616 
We walked to the door that led down to the cells, and Trina was waiting for us with a bowl of everything I needed. ank you for gathering everything, Trina.” I grabbed the bowl from her, and she bowed. 
“It’s no trouble, Luna Amy.” I felt my head snap back, and then I turned my eyes to Rowan, who smirked. 
I closed my eyes, and I was strapped on that cold table again. My baby was being cut out of me while I screamed. ‘I’m the Luna.’ The pain took my breath away, and I felt the urge to vomit. Brandon’s amused face swarmed behind my eyes. 
“You seem surprised, Love.” He pulled me to his side. “But you are no longer an unmated Alpha. And now we don’t have to hide anything anymore.” He kissed me. “You will forever be called Luna Amy. That or my Queen.” 
“You told her to call me Luna?” My voice was a little breathless. The bile rushed up my throat, and I felt like I was choking on it. 
He pulled back and looked a little hurt. “Do you not want to be my Luna?” 
I grabbed his face. “Of course.” I needed to explain it to him, but I was still smelling the burn of silver on my flesh, and I gagged. 
He recoiled from me, from my reaction, and I knew I had hurt him. “Then what’s wrong?” He stared at me, and I felt like he 
could see inside my soul, like I was bare, and he did not like what he saw there. 
“Nothing.” I winced at how panicked my voice sounded. 
My dad and mom came around the corner. My father had gone to grab her as we headed down. My mom rushed over when she saw my face. “What’s wrong?” My father walked a little slower, but I felt everyone’s eyes on me. 
“Nothing.” I tried to sound convincing, and I failed because Rowan pulled away again, and I saw shutters coming down, like he was distancing himself from me. 
He is…he thinks you don’t want to be his Luna. Nix growled. Fix it. 
Megan rubbed down Nix’s agitated side. You know why she is panicking. Calm down. Then she turned to me. Explain yourself instead of hurting our mate. 
“Tell me what happened.” My mom’s voice sounded confused. 
Trina bowed. “I called Alpha Amy, Luna, and she had…a strong reaction.” Trina bowed. “I’m sorry, I was just following the King’s directions.” Then she excused herself. 
Rowan snorted. “I hadn’t realized how much Amy here hated being my luna.” He turned away. “I’m going to go for a walk.” 
Panic crawled up my back. “Wait!” I grabbed for him but he slid his hand out of my own. “Please. Let me explain.” 
He stopped, but didn’t turn around. “What is there to explain? Someone called you Luna, and you turned green.” His voice was laced with pain, and that hurt my heart. This all spiralled so quickly 
“Bug?” My father’s voice snapped me out of it. “Talk to us.” 
I felt my mouth opening and shutting, but there was no sound. Rowan scoffed and took a step, but it was my mom who answered. “Was this the first time someone called you Luna since you died?” 
I whirled and grabbed her hands. “Yes.” I choked out. The panic inside me made no sense. “I don’t…” I trailed off because I couldn’t explain it myself, 
1/3 
Rowan turned, and he stared at my face. “Why does it matter?” 
My dad stepped closer to me, and I met his eyes. I saw understanding there. “When I first came back after years aft I would call for your mother. And then panicked when she wasn’t answering. I had spent one and a half lifetimes loving her and then she was gone. Inside, inside I knew why she was gone. But…it didn’t remove the emotions attached to it. Whenever anyone asked if I was going to get a new Luna, I lost my mind.” He grabbed my mom when she gasped. 
“Gav.” She wrapped her arms around his waist and he held her close, but turned to Rowan. 
“Her reaction had nothing to do with you.” 
(( 
Everyone turned to me, and I took a deep breath, because at least Rowan wasn’t walking away anymore. “When she called me Luna…I was back on the table.” I shuddered. “I haven’t had a flashback in so long, I wasn’t prepared for it.” I closed my eyes. The pain, the smell hit me all at once, and I felt like I was going to throw up.” I grabbed for Rowan’s hand. “I love being your mate, being your Luna. I just haven’t been called that since my first life, and I panicked.” I pulled him back, and thankfully he didn’t resist. “My dad was right. My reaction had nothing to do with you. But everything that happened the first time around.” 
Rowan searched my face, and he must have seen I was telling the truth because he pulled me to him. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t 
have acted like that.” 
My mom furrowed her brows. “Why did you act that way?” We all turned to her, and she grimaced. “Amy, you have had years to process everything that happened, and I have never seen you react so viscerally, even when you first woke up you handled it better than today.” 
My dad tilted his head and turned to Rowan. “And you usually are more understanding, and don’t take things as personal attacks when something happens.” He closed his eyes and muttered a few words. Then he waved his hand and everything disappeared. 
“What the fuck?” I took the first clear breath since Trina had called me Luna. “What’s going on?” 
Rowan furrowed his brows. “I feel better. Less defensive.” He looked at my dad. “What did you do?” 
My dad dusted off his hands. “I cleared the spell attacking your bond.” 
###Next D 617
Chapter 617 
Both Rowan and I turned to my dad. “A spell attacking our bond?” Rowan’s voice was soft. “Who is still alive with nic?” 
I shook my head. “Everyone I have known so far is dead.” I blew out a breath. “Looks like we aren’t out of the woods yet.” 
My dad snorted. “We are never out of the woods, pup.” He nodded towards the bowl still in my hands. “Are you ready?” 
I nodded. “Can you give us a minute?” I asked my parents to go ahead. 
“Of course, baby.” My mom kissed my cheek as she skirted past us down the stairs, and my father clapped Rowan on the shoulder as he stepped past us. 
I snapped a barrier into place. Rowan lifted one brow, and I shrugged. “I don’t want anyone to hear what we have to say, and I don’t know who we should trust.” He bobbed his head, agreeing with me. “Are we okay?” I hated how insecure I sounded. 
He stared at me for a second and blew out a breath. “Was it truly magic? Or do you secretly not want to be my Luna?” 
I panicked and dropped the bowl, reaching for him. Rowan, thankfully, was fast enough to catch it before it hit the ground. And my arms ended around the neck. I pulled him towards me, causing him to stumble. “I love you. I know I probably don’t say it 
enough, but I do. I have loved you since before my first heat. I have spent the last few years hating how much I loved you. I want to spend every day for the rest of my life loving you.” He looked at me, and I could see a small ember of worry still there. “I will 
be your Luna from now until the end of time. No one else’s in this life or any that come after. I’m sorry I made you feel like that’s 
not how I feel.” 
His eyes searched my face, as if he were searching for the truth, and then his eyes closed and panic jumped up my throat again. 
But he took a deep breath. “I’m sorry.” He shook his head. “The spell seems to cling.” His eyes opened, and the devotion I saw there settled my nerves. “I love you too, rabbit.” He kissed me. “Now…let’s go down there and figure this out. We can worry about who is using magic against us after.” 
I nodded. “Let’s go.” I grabbed the bowl from him and turned to head down the stairs, but stopped at the secret room with the 
weapons. I pushed in and grabbed a few things. 
“Silver?” I thought he was going to question why I would need it, but he just grabbed a needle and a bottle of liquid. 
I tilted my head. “Yeah, I figured I would start with regular torture before moving on with magic.” He snorted and pulled off the top of the bottle he grabbed. He gave it a sniff before he jerked his head back and sneezed. I laughed. “That’s wolfsbane, you 
fool.” 
Rowan rubbed his nose and put the cap back on the wolfsbane. “I read it, but I wanted to see how strong it was.” He looked at 
me with a curious stare. “Why does your father have pure wolfsbane here?” 
I grabbed a few more things and nodded toward the door. “Because he doses my food with it.” 
“The fuck? What do you mean he dosed your food with it?” He growled as she stormed out the door, leaving me to follow. 
“I mean, he took the time to build up my resistance to it gently so that no one could use it against me.” I bumped his shoulder as I passed him. “Calm down, butthead. It saved me more than you can imagine.” I headed down the stairs to the secret cells, bypassing the regular cells filled with the guards. 
Rowan paused at the top of the hidden staircase and looked down the other corridor. “Aren’t we going that way?” He pointed towards the screams coming from the other cells. 
I shook my head. “That’s only the guards, and Greyson is handling them. We are headed to the VIP section of my dad’s jail.” I 
1/3 
continued down the stairs. 
“The VIP section?” Rowan snorted. 
I looked back at him with a smile. “All the big shots end up down here.” I laughed as I turned the corner. I went into the first interrogation room that my father said held Theo, and the room went quiet. My mom and dad were leaning against the wall by the door, and Theo was in his chair, still gagged. “Don’t stop on my account.” 
My dad snorted. “We can’t ungag him because he will kill himself. We were debating the best way to prevent that.” I dropped everything in my arms onto the table and arranged it all. 
“How do we know he wants to talk then?” I grabbed one thing from the table. While everyone was still listening to Theo’s grunts, I wrapped cloth around the thing in my hands and then slid it into my pocket before I turned back to everyone. 
“He screamed.” My dad snorted. “The guard worked out a yes and no question system and then came to tell me.” 
I stalked closer to Theo. “You want to talk to us?” He nodded vigorously. “Well, then. Don’t blame me.” Rowan walked over and grabbed his head. He pulled off the gag, but before Theo could think to bite down, Rowan had already grabbed his bottom and top jaws and held them wide open. 
“What are you doing?” My mom looked confused until I pulled out the pliers. 
“Ica silver nox dou.” I waited for the spell to take effect. 
“You are searching for silver?” One by one, the silver knives and clamps all lit up a pretty shade of blue. 
“Yep.” I watched and waited until the tooth I was looking for glowed. “Struss car beni.” Then I grabbed it with the pliers and 
pulled. 
“WAIT!” My dad screamed. “You will crack the tooth.” 
I yanked, trusting the cloth wrapped teeth and the whispered spell would keep the tooth unharmed, and ripped it from its socket. I turned around and waved it in Theo’s face. His eyes watched the glowing tooth. “But I didn’t.” 
###Next D 618
Chapter 618 
Theo screamed as the blood poured from his mouth. Rowan let go of his mouth and stepped back. “Shut up.” I smeed him once. “You are a wolf, for Goddess’ sake. Act like it.” I shook my head as he whined. “It’s already healed. Enough.” backed up to the table and dropped the pliers. “Now talk, or we will just leave.” 
He shut up after that. “Why did you go and do that?” He growled. 
My father snorted. “Did you think we were just going to trust you not to commit suicide? I mean, your little band of traitors created the false tooth for exactly this scenario.” He stepped up to the chair and grabbed the armrests, leaning over Theo. “This way, you can talk to your heart’s content, but you can’t end your life to escape.” My dad pushed back. “Now, listen to your 
Queen. Talk.” 
Theo’s eyes glowered at me. “You are actually mated?” The disbelief in his voice was thick. I just nodded and then pulled my 
shirt to the side. 
“Yep.” I popped the p at the end of the word. “Goddess blessed and everything.” I let go of my shirt. “Why? Were you hoping that the King was your mate?” Rowan coughed, covering his laugh. Theo snapped his head towards him and let out a tiny growl. 
Nix snapped at that and surged forward. “You would do well to remember that I will not take the disrespect that my mate has put up with from you.” Theo turned back to me with a sneer. Nix urged us forward, and with a quick flick of her wrist, she smacked Theo’s face twice. “Rowan grew up with you. So he allowed you to dictate certain things because he thought he was respecting 
his elders and his father’s will. But make no mistake. I do not have the same outlook as you. You are traitorous, pathetic little 
men who sold out their kind and Goddess for money.” We leaned over him, and I felt a tremble. “I will have no qualms about 
torturing you. I will actually relish it.” I grinned as Nix pulled back. 
“You wouldn’t.” 
I felt my grin widen into a full smile. “I ripped my grandfather’s heart out of his chest, and I crushed it while he watched.” I tilted my head down. “Do you really think I would have any issues pulling your toenails and fingernails off?” 
My dad choked. “You did what?” 
I winced a little as I turned back to him. “We really haven’t had time to talk about everything that’s happened…but yeah.” I 
wiped my hands on my jeans as I felt the phantom blood drip from my fingers. “Garith is dead.” 
He waved my words off. “I don’t care about him. I want to know how you ripped his heart out of his chest.” My smile came back as I shifted into Nix’s second form. “Holy Goddess, you have a wolfman form?” He whirled toward my mom. “Do you have 
one?” 
I shifted back as I watched her shift. “NO!” Theo screamed. My mother shifted back to her normal form before we all turned to 
Theo. 
“What’s wrong?” Rowan’s words were low and threatening. “Are you mad that there are still Lycans alive? I mean you all tried so hard to wipe us out.” He slid into view. “Don’t worry, we will repopulate.” 
Theo screamed again, this time in anger, and I walked over and swatted my mate. “My parents are here.” 
My father snorted again. “We are going to be a part of the repopulation.” My mother smacked his shoulder. “What? Obviously, 
one quarter Lycan is enough to have a Lycan form.” 
I nodded. “Yeah…I don’t know what the cutoff is. Sterling is part Lycan, right?” 
Rowan nodded. “We shared a great-great-grandfather or something. He had two sons. One mated a Lycan; the other a wolf. His dad, I think, still had a Lycan form, but his brothers and he don’t.” 
1/3 
“Who fucking cares?” Theo rolled his eyes. 
0 
“I mean…we do.” I pointed out. But we all settled against the wall across from his chair. “Well, we are here. Talk.” T glowered at us, but his mouth remained shut. That annoyed me. “Listen. We came here because you told the guard you wanted to talk. So here we are.” I tilted my head. “You pulled us out of bed. You wanted us here.” I waved my hand, gesturing for him to speak, and still nothing. I groaned. “Talk, or don’t talk. I don’t care. We will get the truth one way or the other.” 
Theo’s face tightened. “What do you mean?” 
I tsked as I pushed off the wall. I started a slow walk around his chair until I was directly behind him. “Come now, Alpha Theo.” I leaned over his shoulder. “We all know what an Alpha will do to protect their pack.” I stood straight as his breathing picked up. I continued my slow walk back towards the table. “And we all saw what you and your friends did to that poor woman.” Theo 
jolted. 
“You wouldn’t dare.” His voice was barely above a whisper. 
“Of course I would.” I grabbed the scalpel I had brought. “I mean, if a man can do it…why can’t I?” I turned with a flourish, waving the scalpel in the air. “Tada!” I smiled as the silver scalpel caught the light. 
“No!” he screamed. 
But I smiled as I walked back slowly. “Don’t worry. I’ll have to go slower. I’m not a doctor, and I don’t want to just kill you…you understand, right?” 
###Next D 619
Chapter 619 
Theo thrashed against the bindings, but he was tied too tightly to the chair to move much. “You can’t do this.” He 
screamed in the small room. 
I just rubbed my ear with my free hand as I walked over. “Sure, I can.” I grabbed the small rolling table from the wall and loaded the tools I wanted. “I will say that you aren’t the first person I have tortured. And sure, I could let Rowan or my father do this…but I mean, it’s the twenty-first century. Equality and everything.” I smiled as I pushed the rolling table close enough for Theo to see. 
His eyes never moved from the tools I had next to him. “Please.” His word was whispered. 
“Come now, Alpha.” I dropped to my knees and unlaced the boots he had on. “I expected more.” I looked at Rowan for two reasons. I needed to see how he was dealing with this side of me. But his face was a calm mask. Worry gnawed at me but I pressed on. “How old is Theo here?” 
Rowan turned his hard eyes to mine. “At least four hundred.” 
I nodded once before turning back to the man trembling under me. “I know it’s been at least a hundred years or more since you have been in charge of a pack. And I know technology and tools have changed a lot in these years. But don’t you worry. I will take the time to introduce you properly to everything.” My voice was so matter of fact my father chuckled. 
“Remind me to never get on your bad side.” He crossed his arms as he stared at Theo. 
“Yeah.” My mom blew out a breath. “You are kind of terrifying.” 
I laughed as I pulled his boots off one at a time. “I am an Alpha.” I shrugged. “But more than that.” I pulled off Theo’s socks. “I am a wolf, and a Lycan. I am someone they hunted down. Killed without mercy. I get to be the last person who gets to stand up for that poor girl on that table.” I felt my forehead burn, and I felt my voice and eyes change. Nix? I called out. But my wolves were silent. I opened my mouth, and a voice I recognized slipped past my lips. “I am the chosen. I am everyone and no one. I am the vessel of the Goddess born unto this world to save all of us.” I looked up, and my white eyes caught my attention in the reflection of the metal leg of the table. 
“Please, Goddess.” Theo whispered a silent prayer, and I felt anger that wasn’t mine rage in me. 
“Now you pray to me?” I felt my body stand, and somehow a wind picked up in the room, blowing the hair from my face. “You had years to turn back. To come back to my path. And at every turn, you chose wrong. I am not the god of the humans that forgives betrayal. My child did not die for your sins. When you turn from my path, you lose my favor.” The goddess loomed over Theo. His eyes were wide, and his breathing was just panting at this point. How dare you invoke me when you did everything you could to show me exactly who you are. You are a pathetic, power-hungry male.” 
“You’re not the Goddess.” Theo shook his head, refusing to believe what he was seeing. 
“Why? Because I am angry? Because you believe that as a goddess I am automatically supposed to forgive you?” Her laugh was dark. “You forget who I am.” The room grew darker as the Goddess sucked the light from the room. “I am the goddess of the moon, of life and death, of wild creatures.” I heard a few whispers from behind me. “Do natural wolves forgive when you hurt them? No, they kill without mercy and without apology.” She turned to see my family. “You have raised an excellent daughter. One I selected for this very task. I am saying this only because I 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
can feel her worry. Do not condemn her for what she does. I will not condemn her for her actions.” My mom and dad bowed. “She will do whatever she can to save your world. And she is terrified it will cost her everything. And it might. But good people have died for less. And Amy understands that.” 
Theo thrashed. “You can’t allow her to dissect me!” He screamed, spittle flying, but the Goddess just turned. 
“Why not?” She tilted her head and stared down at the man. “Why can’t I?” Theo swallowed. “Do you think I didn’t hear that little girl’s pleas? That I didn’t hear all of their pleas. Because you and I both know she wasn’t the first, nor the last.” The goddess leaned over his chair, and I felt a burning betrayal. “Do you think I still can’t hear their please? Their prayers to me? That I don’t hear how much they beg every night? Because I do. And I will be fine if I hear your voice join theirs. Because at least I know that a sliver of their suffering was endured by one of the men that did that caused it. 
###Next D 620
Chapter 620 
Theo stared at her face for a long moment. Then he bared his teeth and tried to lunge at our faces. “You aren’t the Goddess. You are using magic to make me think you are Selene.” He growled low. 
The Goddess lifted her hand while a smirk touched her lips. “Why? Because I am not some benevolent god that forgives whatever sins you partake in? I can not be the Goddess because after you turned away from me, I am not forgiving?” She laughed. “I can prove it if you like.” 
“Moon Goddess…” My mother breathed out, and the Goddess turned to look at her. “I w3as always taught you can’t interfere.” 
She chuckled again, using my throat. “I can’t but this is a loophole. I am not actually interfering. Amy is doing everything. I just so happen to be here, observing.” 
A shadow stepped from the4 wall and everyone gasped. The woman’s face was hidden, but I still saw the shifting shadow that was her face. “Who the fuck is that?” Theo screamed, panicking at the figure. 
“Sister.” I felt the Goddess tense. “Why did you come?” Her voice was cautious. 
The Three-faced Goddess stepped closer. “I felt your anger, so I came.” The shrouded woman tilted her head. ” What are you doing, sister?” 
Selene blew out a breath. “Observing.” The Three-faced Goddess snorted. 
“Come now.” She chuckled. “This is observing?” 
“Hecate, you know exactly what they have done.” The venom in Selene’s voice was thick. 
The Three-faced Goddess, Hecate, nodded. “I do.” 
“Will you stop me?” Selene questioned. 
Hecate seemed to think about it for a second before she shook her head: “No sister. But you cannot be the one who does it. If you wish to reclaim his wolf, and sever the bond, then have your champion use her magic, or the spear, to follow your will.” 
I felt the anger surge for a second before it calmed. “Will you help her?” The question seemed to catch Hecate off guard. 
There was another pause before she pulled back her hood. Her shifting face was still beautiful. Maiden, Mother, Crone. One after the other. “If she allows me entry, I will guide her.” 
“If who allows entry?” My father stepped off the wall. 
Both goddesses turned to face my father. “You are no fool.” The words were curt, but kind. Selene smiled. “You are protective. But she is grown.” My father opened his mouth, but the goddess raised her hand. I felt as she turned inward. “Do you consent?” 
I looked at my two wolves to see how they felt, but they just stared at me. Nix bumped my hand. The Moon Goddess is connected to us, and our consent is freely given to her. But Hecate is from your magic. You have to 
1/4 
consent to her entry…not us. 
Megan nodded. It’s your choice. But if you want an opinion. We have already let in Selene, so what’s another goddess living inside of us? As long as she means no harm to us, I don’t mind. 
I nodded and then turned back to the waiting goddess. I consent. She has blessed me, and if this is something I have to do to protect our realm and give you justice. Then so be it. 
“Good girl.” Selene smiled, then she pulled back. One moment she was inside of me, and then next she was standing next to Hecate. She shook her hair out and took a deep breath before stepping in front of Theo. “I condemn you, Theo Bariso, to an eternity of rebirth without your other half. Your wolf’s spirit will be ripped away from you. He will be judged separately, and if I find he was complicit in your decisions, then his soul will be reabsorbed.” 
Theo searched her face. “What does that even mean?” 
“It means,” she paused. “That your soul, throughout every lifetime after this, will be unfulfilled. You will spend eternity feeling something missing. You will never be content, never be truly happy 
and you will never know the feeling of true love.” Theo choked. “Your wolf will be judged by me when we return to my realm, and if I feel like his soul was tainted by your wretchedness, I will reabsorb his soul. He will never live again, never to roam this world again. The power I will use to create a new soul. So that the spark isn’t wasted, but who he is, who he has been for the seven lifetimes he has already lived, will be gone.” 
My mouth dropped open. “Our wolves have lived before?” 
The Moon Goddess turned to me with a smile. “Of course.” She pointed to me, Rowan, my father and mother. ” Where do you think mate bonds come from? I don’t decide every lifetime. Your wolves are with who they were meant to be with. Erubus and Nix have been with each other for over seventy lifetimes. Same with your parents, wolves.” 
“What about Megan and Kurt?” I questioned. 1 
She sighed. “A relatively new pairing. But yes.” She looked down at Theo. “You reap what you sow.” 
Hecate walked over to me. “What is your decision?” 
“I consent.” 
“Do you understand what that means, little one?” Her face shifted to the Mother’s face. The love and care I saw staring back at me comforted me, 
“I do.” I nodded once and then closed my eyes, waiting for her to enter like the Moon Goddess does. I took a deep breath in, but instead of air, I was met with…nothing. My eyes flew open, and I realized I was choking on green pulsing smoke. 
Nix jumped to her feet. What the fuck is that? 
###Next D 621
Chapter 621 
The green smoke curled around me, and I felt as it trickled down my throat. There was movement, but my entire vision was filled with the smoke. I felt tears spring to my eyes as I choked. I felt my body trying to repel the smoke 
as it tried to get in. 
Relax. A youthful voice called to me, and I realized it was the Maiden’s voice. Your body is fighting my entry. 
I closed my eyes. This was the goddess. 
Of course, it is. Why did you think it was anything else? She giggled, and I forced my body to relax. 
I don’t know. The Moon Goddess just fills my body when she wants to take over. I tossed back. 
The Three-faced goddess laughed, her voice becoming older. That’s because your wolves are tied to her. She enters through the same bridge they take when they have to go to someone else. A backdoor, if you will. 
Why can’t you take that doorway? I choked again as my throat tried to force her out again. 
Swallow. Rowan’s voice bounced in my mind. It might help. I wanted to snort, but I tried it, and the smoke flowed quicker inside of me. 
At least your mate is smart. The Crone’s voice was ancient, like it held a millennia of secrets. She cackled when she heard my thoughts. That’s because it does. I felt her hands move over me. I can’t use the same doorway because our powers are different. I can’t drift down on moonbeams. She cackled again. 
I felt my lungs screaming for air, and my vision darkened. I think I might not make it. 
I felt fingers run down my face. Believe in ourself, your magic, and your strength. The Maiden’s voice called to me. And believe that I won’t hurt 
I felt my eyes grow das into my lungs 
u of trying to keep them open, I closed them. I focused on the smoke flowing pulled it in like I was breathing. The smoke moved faster. 
Heard my mother’s scream, and I wanted to comfort her. I pictured my father wrapping her Ping her next to him. 
have to believe in her.” His voice was soft, but I felt the faith he had in me, in the goddesses. “They t hurt her. Amy knows that, which is why she agreed to this.” 
eo’s cackle ripped through the room. “It’s been over ten minutes. She’s fucking dead.” Something hit flesh, nd I heard a scream. “She’s dead, and you all watched her die. The goddess killed her chosen whore. This is fucking perfect.” He cackled again. “Congratulations.” 
Baan growled, and I heard flesh hitting flesh over and over. “She isn’t dead.” His voice dropped lower. “You can 
yourself all you want. But the goddesses wouldn’t risk Amy.” Choking noises could be heard, and then a 
g breath. “But if by the smallest chance that Amy is hurt, or, goddess forbid, dead. Do you think that saves 
What…do…you…mean?” Theo coughed out. 
1/3 
Chapter 621 
+25 Bonus 
Rowan’s voice was filled with amusement. “You brought the spear, Theo.” He laughed. “You brought the only thing that could rip your wolf’s soul out of your body with you as a threat, and now you’re stuck here, waiting for death. If Amy can’t do what she was going to do, then I’ll just use the spear. Either way, you are still dead, and your wolf is gone.” 
“You wouldn’t.” Theo growled lowly. “You always said that you would never use the spear on any wolf under any circumstances. You swore when you were a child it was too inhumane.” 
“People grow up, Theo.” Rowan’s words were final. “And if my mate is willing to sacrifice her soul to save this world…then so am I.” 
Theo panted for a second, and then he laughed. Only this time it sounded manic, slightly unhinged. “You would turn on your values for…a woman?” 
“I would do it for her. Yes, in a heartbeat, without second-guessing it.” Rowan answered. 
The goddess must have stepped in because I heard more movement. “Enough.” The Moon Goddess’s voice cut through the room. 
The Mother’s voice whispered to my mind. Your mate is devoted to you. That is good. I was worried about your second life after the first disaster, but with him by your side, I can rest easy. 
You care that much? I felt something in my chest relax. 
Of course I do. Selene may have loved you first. But you are just as much my daughter as you are hers. She sighed. I know you have seen the beginning of your lines. But you haven’t seen everything. 
What else is there to see? 
Do you trust me? Her voice shifted to the Maiden’s, and I could hear the youthful hope in her question. 
I didn’t hesitate. Of course I do. I breathed in once more, and air rushed into my lungs. My eyes snapped open, and 
I could see the room again. 
“Amy!” My mom ran over to me, and I had enough time to smile, 
“Mom.” I reached out for her, and I met air. The room shifted, and once again I was in darkness. Only this time, I heard the call of a wolf off in the distance. And a woman’s song from the opposite direction. 
“Kane, you rascal, come back.” 
###Next D 622
Chapter 622 
I spun in a circle. Where was I? 
“You said you trusted me.” The Maiden stepped up next to me; her youthful face was glowing. 
“I do.” I answered. 
“Then follow, and see the truth.” She walked through the trees, and I followed. The leaves that were brown and should have crunched underfoot remained whole. The Maiden walked above it all for a while but then, between one step and another, her feet connected to the ground. 
“Who’s there?” A deep voice called out in the darkness, and I watched her hesitate before stepping out from behind a bush. “Henny.” The voice warmed, and there were footsteps that rushed out to meet her. I stepped out from behind the bushes and froze. That face. I knew that face. He was still so young, just barely twenty, but his face was bright. “I have missed you, my love.” He wrapped the goddess in his arms, and they kissed. 
I felt my face fall in surprise. The last time I saw this young man, he was covered in wolf bites, on the verge of death. The Moon Goddess brought him back as his mother begged for his life. 
“Have you 
talked to your mother?” The goddess asked, her voice a soft whisper; hope sat clear on her face. 
“She want’s me to marry a girl from the village. She said it would strengthen the relationship with the trappers. But I told her I already loved you.” The man, Kane, explained. “Henny, just come with me. If she can see us together, then she will surely agree with our being together.” He lifted her into his arms. “It’s obvious how much we love each other. Once my mother agrees, we can handle your family.” 
I watched as Henny nodded. It was a surreal moment to watch the Three-faced Goddess I have known these last few years be so vulnerable for a man that I almost watched die. “If you’re sure.” She leaned in and kissed him. 
They kissed for a long time. Kane pulled back and pulled her in for a tight hug. “They have to understand. You’re pregnant with our child. They can’t separate us.” 
The goddess pulled back and stared up at him with wide eyes. “You want our child?” 
Kane grabbed her face. “Always Henny. I will always want our child.” 
She started to cry. I felt every ounce of her pain and worry. She truly loved this man. “Your mother is devoted to Hecate.” The Maiden cried. “She had you alone. She should accept the baby if we tell her the truth.” The goddess pulled back and rubbed her slightly rounded stomach. 
Kane blew out a breath. “I told her, but she blew up at me. We can’t stay here.” He pulled her to his chest. “Do you trust me, Hen?” 
“Of course I do.” Her words were muffled but devoted. 
“I found a place we can live. It’s not-” 
Henny pulled back. “Let’s do it.” She stared up at the man with devotion on her face, and I felt worry gnaw at me. 
The pair turned away, and the forest disappeared. A rundown cabin bloomed around us, and the loving pair were 
1/3 
on the ground. “Help her!” Kane cried to no one. The Maiden was lying in his lap and was clearly in labor. “Please, Goddess, save her.” He cried out again. 
Henny grabbed him. “It’s okay. The baby is coming. Go grab water, and we will deliver the baby together.” She panted. 
He kissed her before he leapt up. “I’ll grab my mother; she will have to help; this is her grandchild.” He ran out of the cabin, and the Maiden panted. Her eyes met mine, and I could see a tear fall. 
“Are you okay?” The question slipped out before I could think. 
She laughed as she clutched at her stomach. “No.” She screamed. But then she waved me over. “Help me up.” 
“Why?” I ran to her side. 
“Because we have a part to play.” She cried as I pulled her to her feet, and I watched as she morphed into the Mother. Her stomach was gone. 
“Your baby?” 
She smiled, but it was bitter. “Safe…for now.” She clutched my hand when a howl ripped through the air. A pack of wolves was hunting. “We don’t have much time. Come.” She pulled me with her, and the ground disappeared 
under my feet. 
We were back in the woods, in a very familiar scene. “Kane!” A redheaded woman flew from the trees, chasing off the attacking wolves with a stick. “Get back. You devils. Get back.” She dropped down next to her bleeding son and started crying. “Kane, my love. Please. Don’t die.” She grabbed for him, but her hands hovered over his ravaged body. 
I felt the goddess next to me stumble as she stayed hidden. 
“Aren’t you going to him?” I whispered to her. 
She pointed to the opposite side of the clearing, and I watched my grandmother appear, and then I stepped next to her. “It isn’t time yet.” 
P 
###Next D 623
I watched a reflection of myself for a second before I turned back to the scene before us. The redheaded woman begged the Three–Faced Goddess to save her son. 
“How is this possible?” My words were a soft whisper as the woman called on the Maiden, Mother and Crone. 
“Because time is relative.” The Moon Goddess stepped up next to us. “And two things can be true at once.” Selene looked at Hecate. “Your child?” 
Hecate looked away. “Will be born this night. Does our deal stand?” 
The Moon Goddess turned to watch the man bleeding out. “It does.” She turned back to us, and the mourning mother painted herself with blood. “You helped me when I created the Lycans, and when I had my own child. I will help you now.” 
Hecate grabbed her arm. “Will it hurt?” Her voice trembled. 
Selene turned back and cupped her face. “It will for a moment, and then he will be fine.” She kissed her. “I promise your beloved will be fine.” She rubbed her cheek. “But you have to be prepared.” 
“For what?” I asked. 
Both turned to me with sad smiles, and both answered. “Because everything comes with a cost.” 
The Moon Goddess stepped to the side and then nodded towards the pair on the ground. “It just depends on who will pay the price.” 
Both women stepped forward, leaving me behind to witness the scene unfold again. I spent half the time watching the four discuss saving the man, and the other half watching my grandmother and myself. It was a surreal feeling. 
After the back and forth, the Moon Goddess changed Kane to the first werewolf, and Hecate thanked her. Then I watched as she crouched and blessed the mother’s line. 
Selene joined me first. “Do you understand yet?” 
I shook my head. “I’ve seen this all before. You created the first werewolf, and Hecate blessed the mother’s line to become witches. But I don’t understand why she is showing me all this again.” 
Selene kissed my brow. “Why do you think she blessed the line?” 
“Because she couldn’t save the son. Her lover.” I felt like my brain was molasses. 
Selene shook her head. “Watch…and understand.” She waved her hand, and we were back in the cabin. Kane was missing. But Henny, the Maiden was back on the bed giving birth. “Breathe, sister.” 
The Moon Goddess joined Hecate on the bed. Hecate grabbed her hand. “Where is Kane?” She sounded small and terrified. 
Selene leaned over her. “Hunting. It is his first shift, and he is starving.” 
Hecate shook her head. “I can’t do this alone.” Black–tinged tears trailed down her face. 
1/3 
Chapter 623 
425 Bonus 
“And you won’t.” Selene leaned over and kissed her face. “You helped me bring my child into this world. I will do the same.” I moved over to her side. 
“I’ll help any way I can.” I walked over next to the bed and held out my hand. “I know you don’t know me, but…” 
Both goddesses looked at me with small smiles. “We know your daughter. Come sit by her side.” Selene pulled me down next to Hecate. 
I held out my hand, and she slid her hand into mine. We stayed there for hours until the wail of a baby echoed off the barren cabin. Hecate cried in relief, and she collapsed into my arms. I held her close as Selene wrapped the baby in cloth she pulled from the air. “Are you okay?” My focus was on the girl trembling in my arms, and I felt a kinship with her. 
Her eyes were only for her child, though. “Yes.” She held out her arms as Selene came over. 
“She is beautiful.” The Moon Goddess preened as she slid the bundled baby into her sister’s arms. “What is her name?” 
Hecate pulled the baby into her arms as her body shifted from Maiden to Mother. Her features grew older, and a new sadness enveloped her. “Ciran. I’ll call her Ciran.” She rubbed her fingers down the baby’s face. “He found his mate, hasn’t he…that’s why he hasn’t returned?” 
The Moon Goddess closed her eyes and blew out a breath. “I’m sorry, sister.” She opened her eyes, which were filled with bright tears. “If I could change it, I would.” 
Hecate nodded once. “I know.” She kissed the baby in her arms. “But this was the price.” She took a shuddering breath before she turned to me now. “Help me up.” 
I swallowed past the lump as I helped her to her feet. “You just gave birth; shouldn’t you wait?” 
Her chuckle was sad. “If I linger any longer, I fear my heart will shatter.” She brushed her daughter’s dark red damp hair. “Let us go.” She moved towards the door, and the two of us followed behind her. She traveled through the trees until we came to another cabin, and Hecate shifted again into her Crone form. 
Her hunched back walked slowly up the stairs to the door. With a swift knock, she put the baby in a basket on the porch that waved into existence. 
The Moon Goddess pulled me to her side. “Do you understand now?” 
I thought for a second, as Hecate vanished, leaving the babe alone on the porch. The door opened, and I realized she had left the baby with its grandmother. “She blessed the line with the spark because she knew she was going to leave her daughter here. And she needed magic herself to train the baby.” 
Hecate stepped next to me. “Exactly.” She turned to me with a sad smile. “You are a daughter of Selene, but also of me. You were born of my flesh, and my power.” 
###Next D 624
+25 Bonus 
I blinked, and I was back in the cell. The smoke was gone, and everyone was watching me. “What?” 
Rowan and my father snorted, but it was Mom who walked over to me and grabbed my face. “Are you okay?” 
I tilted my head at her and smiled. “Of course I am. Why?” 
She searched my face. “It’s been like twenty minutes. You were surrounded by smoke, making choking noises, and then there was silence. We thought you died.” I felt my throat and eyes change. I saw a soft green glow, the color of my magic, shimmering on her skin. She sucked in a quick breath. “Your eyes…” 
“I wouldn’t harm her. Like your Moon Goddess, I have chosen her.” The voice that came from my throat was a blend of voices, and it didn’t sound natural. I watched my mother fight not to recoil. She bowed once and stepped back against the wall next to my father. 
“Please.” She waved her hand to the man in the chair. 
Theo trembled as we walked close. “You can’t do this to me.” 
I felt my face smile. It was a little more jarring than when the Moon Goddess took over. Hecate laughed softly. “I apologize, daughter. But I haven’t possessed a human body since ancient Greece.” She turned to Theo. “What can’t I do to you, wolf?” Her voice dropped low and became menacing. 
Theo thrashed. “You can’t kill me. Doesn’t that make you evil?” 
We laughed. “I am a goddess, a primordial being that shaped this world, worshiped for millennia. I am the gifter of magic, mother of witches, healer of the sick, protector of travelers and a safe passage for the young. I am of the earth, the sea, and the heavens. And you think a corrupt wolf can deem me evil?” We laughed again, and her hand struck out, our fingers wrapping around his throat. “You have killed my children, corrupted my young, and you think using petty lines will stop me from demanding retribution?” She leaned down. 
“I…didn’t.” Theo choked as our hands tightened. 
“Do you know the difference between the magic that I gifted and the magic I have?” He stared up at us, and then I felt his head shake slightly. “Their magic is watered down, and is completely reliant on their strength. But mine…” She grinned as she tightened her hand more. We watched his face turn purple. “My magic is divine.” She released his throat, and he bent at the waist, coughing. Hecate lifted our finger and pointed at Theo. Carna spo kera speta tru. If you ever get strong enough to use it, this spell will give you everything you need. Hecate’s voice whispered in my mind. Tell no one else. It would burn them out, and they would die a horrible death. 
How would I know if I’m strong enough? I whispered back, and I heard her chuckle. 
You will know. Her answer was soft, glib, and slightly infuriating. But I felt her turn back her attention to Theo. “ When did you turn your back on your kind?” The question was simple. 
Theo sat back, still struggling to get his breath under control. “I don’t remember the year, but it was way before the old king was killed.” His eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. “How?” 
Our lips turned up. “Magic.” She went to stand against the wall. “Did you sell out your kind to the human government?” 
Theo fought to keep his lips closed, but it was no use. “Yes. Garith befriended a politician twenty or thirty years 
1/2 
Chapter 624 
+25 Bonus 
ago. We have a lab set up near their capital, and we have been shipping wolves there since it was built.” 
“Where exactly is the lab?” Rowan asked, but Theo kept his mouth shut. 
“Answer him.” Hecate growled, and I felt the magic snap out, causing Theo to yelp. 
“I don’t know the exact location. That was under Evan’s supervision. I was in charge of something else.” 
“What?” Rowan stepped closer, almost as if he knew Theo’s next words. 
“I was in charge of killing the Royal Family.” Theo looked over at Rowan with a smirk. “I volunteered for it.” 
Rowan went to strike, but Hecate stepped forward and stopped him. “Is there anything else we need to know before your soul is harvested?” 
Theo glared up at us. “I hope you have had time to say goodbye.” 
I felt our head tilt down. “Why is that?” 
Theo grinned as a howl was blasted through the mind–link. Ronnie’s voice was frantic. We are under attack. ” Because I was stalling you.” 
Everyone jumped. “Go.” We turned. “I’ll finish here, and then send Amy to help.” The goddess waved her hand, and they were all just gone. She turned us back to Theo. “They can handle the attack.” She turned to the other goddess. “Is there anything else you want to know?” 
Selene stepped up next to us. “Are the humans planning to attack?” 
I wanted him to deny it. But I watched the smile spread across his face. “You spent so many years worried about your creations, but you didn’t save the Lycans. Now you want to pretend that you will save us?” He laughed. 
“Who says I didn’t save the Lycans?” She scoffed and turned away. “Do it.” 
Hecate shoved our hands into his chest, and instead of his heart she plucked two orbs from his body. One glowed like the moon; another was dirt brown. Theo choked for a few seconds, staring at the two orbs in our hands. ” What…are…those?” 
Our smile grew wide. “Your souls.” She handed the moonlit one to Selene and then, as the life faded from Theo’s eyes, she crushed the dirt brown one. “You don’t deserve to reincarnate.” 
Comments 
###Next D 625
Theo’s head dropped, his eyes stuck on the spot where his soul was crushed, and Selene turned to me. “We have to go.” She walked over. “Come, sister.” 
I felt a tugging sensation in my chest, and the green smoke flowed from my nose and mouth. The smoke condensed into a thick cloud of dark green, and Hecate stepped out. Before I could stop my mouth, her name slipped out. “Henny.” 
The Maiden nodded once before she paused and then shook her head. “Once upon a time, I was, but she was lost ages ago.” She shifted into the Mother. “I gave up that name when Kane died.” 
I stepped over to her, and without thinking, pulled her into a hug. “I’m sorry you had to go through that.” I turned to Selene and did the same with her. “Both of you deserved more. Having the person you love betray you cuts deeper than most things.” 
Both goddesses looked at me and chuckled. Selene pulled out of the hug. “Never in my life have I been comforted by someone I created.” 
Hecate chuckled. “We are the ones usually comforting lost souls, and yet here you are, worried about us.” I stepped back so I could look at both of them. 
“Of course I worry.” I smiled, but I felt it fall flat. “I know how painful it can be, as many others do, and how it wounds the soul. Goddess or not, you deserve compassion and understanding.” 
Selene closed her eyes for a moment. “We must go; the attack isn’t going well.” She waved her hand, and the room dissolved. Trees sprang up, cutting off my view of the attack. Cries, grunts, and the savage growls of the 
hunt filled the air. 
I nearly choked on the thick scent of blood. Go, child, save them before it is too late. The Moon Goddess’s voice filled my head. I was shoved from behind and whirled to see no one. Hurry! Urgency filled my body as I shifted and ran towards the fighting. 
I ran through the trees, surprised to see how far away from the house Selene had dropped me. I saw an old tree that was bent over in the next clearing, so I charged up it, digging my claws into the bark. I slipped through the leaves, and I staggered when I saw the scene below. 
Wolfs were eviscerated. Bodies turning back to human, stuck in a random gruesome pose. I couldn’t tell if they were our wolves, rogues, or some new pack coming to support the council. I couldn’t see my family, but on the far side, I saw Erubus fighting five wolves at once. 
Don’t mind–link them. Nix words had me freezing for a second. This isn’t an attack; this is a war, and even a second of distraction could cost someone their lives. 
I heard a scream, one I recognized, and I turned towards it. Toya was fighting back to back with her mother against eight. And I could tell from this distance that they were losing. Roderick and the others must have been separated from them. Toya’s mother was bitten, and she screamed. I saw Toya tremble all the way from up here, and I knew she couldn’t keep going. 
I dove off the tree and landed on a wolf I didn’t recognize. How do I tell if they are friendly? I don’t know everyone here. Panic ate away at my control, but the wolf under me snapped at me. I needed to decide. 
1/2 
Chapter 625 
+25 Bonus 
Magic. Megan ran over to our power. The plant pulsed with power, and I knew somehow my power grew since the Goddess took me over, but I couldn’t focus on that right now. Use your magic so everyone knows who to attack. You aren’t the only one confused. 
“How do you know?” I panted as I dodged away from the attacking wolf. Unsure if this was friend or foe. “Nix scent?” I dove out of the way of snapping jaws, but even Nix shook her head. 
There are too many scents. She shook her head. Something else is in play. I should be able to focus on the wolfs scent, but something is stopping me from sifting through. 
Megan nudged the potted plant, and I felt magic rush through me. You need to start using us and your magic together. It’s not one or the other; we can do both. And we should. 
“We have been.” 
Megan shook her head. Not really. You shift, and one of us does magic. Or you do magic while we front. You need to use everything you have to win. Stop holding yourself back. You need to take control of us and your magic. 
“Of course I have.” I screamed as I rolled away. 
Nix shook her head. She is right. None of us has done it. And I think she is right. I think once we get through this, we should practice fronting and do magic. That way, if something happens to one or two of us, the others can 
survive. 
“I need to focus.” I growled as I felt teeth scrape my ear. 
Megan nodded. So, cast the fucking spell. We can keep it steady, but I feel like it has to be you. 
“Why?” I screamed when the wolf caught my tail on this attack. I whirled and batted his face, earning a whimper. 
Megan screamed. It just feels like it has to be you. Now cast the fucking spell, Amy. Now! Or else it will be too 
late. 
###Next D 626
Megan was holding back from me. “What are you keeping from me?” I dodged another attack, but my wolf remained silent. I waited for another minute, but still she refused to even look at me. “Fine. If you don’t want to tell me, to trust me, then I will do things my way.” Her head snapped around, and Nix growled. 
But I ignored both of them and attacked the wolf in front of me. I just needed to injure it enough to get by. Megan growled. You are wasting time. 
“And you are lying to me. Something we promised years ago to stop doing.” I managed to grab the wolfs leg, and I heard a snap. I dropped it at my feet, then turned and headed straight for Toya. “So either we trust each other, or we don’t. You can’t ask me to blindly trust you when you won’t do the same for me. You either trust me to do what’s right, or you don’t.” I made it to the ring of wolves attacking Toya and her mother, and I started snapping at legs. “Make your decision before I make it for us.” 
Megan looked at Nix, but my Lycan shook her head. Trust her. Or don’t. This is on you. 
She seemed to hesitate for another second before my head was filled with the mind–link. Everyone was screaming. My father was looking for me. AMY ANSWER ME. 
I froze for a second and then I grabbed a wolf by its spine and I snapped it. “You kept this from me?” I felt blood fill my mouth when my teeth closed around another’s tail. I ripped half of it off. 
I- Megan tried to answer, but I howled. 
“YOU HAD NO RIGHT.” 
I needed you to cast the spell. Megan cried. 
“Then you should have trusted me.” I shook my head, and I felt the burn of tears. “You betrayed me when everyone was in danger.” 
Megan hesitated. I just want you to trust yourself. The way I do. 
“You went about it the wrong way.” I growled in frustrated. I took a minute to figure out a spell I could modify. I found one in a second. “Desig nocta il orta nu.” I pushed all of my newfound power into the spell, and I felt the wave leave me. I didn’t just feel the wave; I watched it. The white ring pushed out from my body, and I watched as wolves went flying in the air from the force. The trees bent away from me as the ring hit the surrounding foliage. The screaming quieted for a second, and I used it. Silvermoon, and friendly packs, hear me. The moons are the mark of friendly wolves. Attack the ones without it freely and mercilessly. 
AMY! My father’s voice boomed out. Where are you? 
Fighting my way to Toya. I’m okay. Stay safe, and Ill find you. 
My dad scoffed. That’s my line, pup. 
Someone else called out. Are we sure? I can’t scent anyone. 
I used my gamma power to send calm through everyone I could. Someone is using magic to confuse us, but the moons are from me. If you trust me, trust the moons, and you won’t hurt anyone you shouldn’t. 
A howl went out through the clearing, and further away I heard someone scream in anger, clearly frustrated. 
1/2 
Chapter 626 
+25 Bonus 
Someone is trying to fight our spell. Megan’s voice sounded proud, but hurt at the same time. But they can’t; it’s 
too strong. 
“You wanted me to realize our power had grown?” It was a question I already knew the answer to. 
Yes. She whispered. 
During an attack is not the time to block my mind–link so you can get your way. I growled in frustration. But a new thought hit me. Nix…use some magic to clear any spells attacking Megan right now. 
Nix stalked over to Megan, who was already backing away. I’m not under any spell. 
Nix stalked closer. That’s something someone magicked would say. Nix nosed the plant, and I heard her whisper a cleansing spell. Megan screamed, and her voice was joined by another scream from closer to the pack house. 
Megan collapsed, but I couldn’t worry about her. I heard another scream from Toya’s mother and knew I had to get there now. I used a spell to push everyone out of the way and dove for the center. Toya was bleeding, her paw tucked under her as best as she could while still moving, and attacking. But her mother was panting on her belly, trying to get back up. Bone stuck out of her back paw, the leg clearly broken, but still she tried. She needed to protect her pup. 
“Stay down.” I straddled her. Forcing her to stay low. “Heal. I can fight next to Toya.” There was a strangled cry of relief as she collapsed back down to the ground. 
“Thank you.” Her powerful voice was now a ragged groan. 
Toya threw a wolf over, and she whirled to check on her mother and saw me. I could see relief there. “Amy.” 
“Watch your mother, and scream if anyone gets too close.” She nodded. “Once you are healed, we will move on.” She hobbled over to her mother, her foreleg still tucked. And I nosed her neck once. “I’m happy you’re alive.” Then I whirled, and my jaws closed on a wolf’s throat that was trying to sneak up on us. The wolves closed in again. 
“Be safe.” Toya warned. 
But I felt my smile, my blood teeth on full display. “This is going to be fun.” 
P 
Comments 
仙 
Support 
###Next D 627
Chapter 627 
Nix, I called to my wolf. I attacked without mercy, moving from wolf to the next as soon as I had killed the one in my jaws. The surrounding bodies grew into a morbid pile. 
Yeah? She was standing ready. 
Is Megan back to normal? I questioned as I attacked the next brave wolf. My teeth sank into her shoulder, and I whipped my head back and forth, tearing the flesh away in a hunk. I spit it out before I lunged again, sinking my teeth around her neck, and I shook again. The crack was loud, and the wolf went limp. I dropped her and spun as I felt the air move behind our group. I leapt over the two women I was protecting and spun. I landed on the back of a big male. He snapped at me, and we both saw the moons at the same time. 
“Daddy!” Toya screamed as I dropped down. 
(( 
“Sorry, Roderick.” I bumped his shoulder as I moved to protect the trio. Another wolf circled, and he growled. Check your mate. I will handle this mutt.” The grey wolf tried to sneak up behind us, and I pushed up from the ground, hopping over the charging wolf and landing behind him. He was snapping at Roderick’s hind leg, but I grabbed his first. I braced my legs and whipped my body, releasing the wolf when he was in midair, sending him spinning back into the crowd. 
I looked around and realized there was a giant space between us and the next attacking wolf. We had earned a little breathing space. 
Megan is completely fine now, if not a little ashamed. Nix sounded amused as she watched my other wolf’s pace. 
So stupid, how did I not notice? Megan shook her head. 
“Enough,” I called out, and Toya’s family turned to me. “Not you. My wolves.” I smiled, and my tongue lolled out the side of my snout. “Nix, come up here with me. Megan was right about one thing. We need to work more on our magic and attack. If I lose focus while I’m searching for a spell, then you can keep attacking. Sounds like a plan?” 
Nix pushed forward, and I felt our souls weave together. Let’s do this. She was all for my plan, and I smiled again. I trotted over to my friend. 
“How’s your mom?” 
Toya blew out a breath. “Not great.” She was still limping, but at least she could put her foot down now. “The bone is still sticking out, and her leg is probably healing wrong.‘ 
)) 
I turned to her and saw Toya was right. I laid down on my belly and offered a solution. “Do you want me to help?” 
Toya’s mother looked at me, confused. “You can help?” 
I nodded. “It’s going to hurt like a motherfucker, but I can get you back on your feet. You will probably still limp for at least an hour, but we can get moving.” 
She looked at her mate and then back at me. “Do it.” 
I shifted before she could change her mind. I grabbed a thick branch from the ground. “Bite down on this.” I shoved it into her mouth before she could decide for herself. I looked at Roderick. “Please don’t bite me.” He snorted but nodded. I grabbed her back leg and pulled it straight, earning a howl of pain. Then, I used my finger 
1/2 
Chapter 627 
+25 Bonus 
to push the bone back under the skin. She snapped the stick in a second, and Roderick had to step between us so her wolf didn’t lunge at me. “Toya, I need you.” 
She was at my side in a second. “What can I do?” 
I wrapped my blood–soaked hand in her fur. “I need you to be the bridge between me and your mom.” She understood instantly, and Urbi ran out of the trees. 
Get on my back. She crouched down, waiting. 
Nix… I pulled back, and felt Nix push forward, shifting back into her wolf form. 
“Go.” She pushed me gently toward Urbi. “I will watch over here.” 
I nodded and then pulled back through the barrier. I watched Megan, who was waiting patiently for me next to Urbi. Megan rubbed against my side. What can I do? 
I ran my hands through her coat. Send me power when I need it. And for the love of the Goddess, keep yourself safe. I kissed her snout before jumping on Urbi’s back. Let’s go. 
Hang on. Her chocolatey voice called back to me, and I sunk my fingers deep into her neck. Then she took off, weaving through the trees in mine, and then her sanctuary. When we got to the sand, the sun blasted me with heat. 
I forget you have this in your mind. I tilted my head back and soaked in the sun. 
Just wait until you see my mom’s. She ran for another minute, and the sun disappeared into the darkest night. This is her sanctuary. 
I stared up into the vast sea of stars; the Milky Way shone down at us. This is amazing. She ran past a dune, and a torch lit oasis sprang up in front of us. Holy Goddess. 
The moon rose behind the palm trees, and a rich smoke rose from a bonfire by the lake. There was a deep growl from the darkness, and a grey wolf jumped out from behind a tree. Teeth gleamed in the firelight. Who goes there? 
2/2 
Chapter 628 
+25 Bonus 
Chapter 628 
###Next D 628
Mama, it’s me. Urbi ran towards the fire, and her mother followed us. 
Why are you here? She glared at me. I’ve allowed no one but my family into my sanctuary. She turned on her daughter with a growl. Why did you bring her here? 
I’m here to save you. I climbed down from Urbis back. Will you allow me to? I held out my hand and waited. 
She glared for another moment then walked over, sinking into the sand next to me. What do you need? 
I just need to touch you. She nodded once, and I placed my hand on her leg, where she was hurt. I sent a call to Megan, and I felt power rush through me, through Toya, and into her mother. She growled, but quieted as she felt the power rush through her. 
What is that? Her eyes grew wide as she turned to me. 
Magic. Not healing per se, but extra power. You can direct it to do what you need. You know your body better than I do. 
She shuddered, and I felt her skin jumping under my hand, the power making the muscles dance. I can use magic? She sounded breathless and confused. 
Sort of. I chuckled. Close your eyes. She turned to me with guarded eyes, earning a chuckle from Urbi. 
Trust her Mama. She did the same with me. That’s how I trained so much during university. I could still see she wasn’t trusting, so I asked a question. 
What’s your name? 
She hesitated for another moment before she answered. Femi. My name is Femi. 
I nodded. Well, Femi, we are under attack, and right now my Lycan and your mate are watching over us, but we are still sitting ducks. You and I both know your daughter and your mate will fight to the very end to protect you, but we still don’t know where your son is. I saw her eyes tighten. I am already here, and I haven’t hurt you. I am your daughter’s best friend and have no wish to harm you. Can you put aside your wariness for the moment so we can get you up and moving so we can find the rest of our people? 
She considered me for another moment before she nodded and finally closed her eyes. What do I need to do? 
Focus on the influx of power rushing through your body. You feel full, right? She nodded. Now push it towards your leg. Your body will know what to do once it knows your intention. Your healing is already drawing power from your reservoir; adding more power to it will speed it up. 
She breathed out, and I could feel the pull. She was pushing all the extra power I was pushing into her and pushing it towards the broken bone. Like this? 
Exactly. I smiled. Tell me when you are healed. I can’t feel it, and I don’t know when to stop. If I push too much into you, you might get burned out. 
Burn out? She cracked an eye, but before I could answer, Urbi laughed. 
Yeah. The first few times, we didn’t know what we were doing. We took too much power, and over–healed our 
1/2 
Chapter 628 
+25 Bonus 
bodies. It causes stiffness and sometimes knocks you out. But after you sleep, you are fine. 
But we don’t have time for a nap. So, please pay attention. We are aiming to be almost fully healed. Like eighty to eighty–five percent. That way, your body will use the leftover power to finish, but you won’t get overloaded. 
Femi nodded and focused on her body as I pushed more power into her. We waited for another minute before her eyes opened. That’s enough. 
I pulled back my hand, shutting off the power, and I shook my hand. The numbness that came from power coursing through it was always a little uncomfortable. But it would fade. Time to go back. I smiled at Urbi as she crouched down so I could climb up. 
Femi stood and shook her leg. This is…amazing. 
Urbi nodded. It’s weird too. She laughed when I hit her shoulder. What? You know I’m telling the truth. 
I laughed with her. Let’s go. We have to find everyone, and I don’t know how long we have been here. 
Urbi walked over and nudged her mother’s neck. See you soon. Then she turned and ran back the way we had 
come. 
I looked 
up one last time to see the stars. I wish this were real. 
Urbi looked up. The sky? 
I nodded and realized she couldn’t see me. Yeah. 
= 
Urbi snorted. It is real. My mom was born in Egypt over a hundred years ago. This place, her oasis, was somewhere she used to go to get water. She brought me and my brother here when we were teens. It’s settled now…but no less beautiful. 
I think once this is all over, I would really like to see it in person. 
Urbi stumbled over her feet. Really? 
Yes, I looked back as the sky turned bright. Even in the daytime, the dunes were stunning. You are my best friend; I want to see where you come from. 
I felt her joy at my woods. Well then. Let’s get through this bullshit, and then I would love to take you here. 1 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
###Next D 629
I pushed past the barrier, and I felt my soul join Nix’s as she was shattering another wolfs skull. A chucky substance hit the back of my throat, and I pulled back enough to spit it out. I refused to look down as I gagged. I heard a snicker from my wolf, but I gagged again. “You did that on purpose.” I choked out. 
Nix shook her head. No, but I didn’t expect you to come back so quickly. 
I took a second before I turned to the others. Toya and Roderick were checking over Femi. “How long were we gone?” 
Nix turned away from the family. Less than five minutes. Roderick and I dealt with the four wolves that tried to approach easily. But the fighting near the pack house has gotten worse. And our father called for us while you were gone. 
“Are we ready to go?” I called to the trio, and they turned. 
Femi stood and walked for a second before she nodded. “Let’s go find our pup.” Roderick nodded, and I turned to Toya. 
“Go with you parents.” I turned towards the pack house. “I have to fight my way to the pack house.” 
Toya looked torn. “We should go together.” 
I turned back and nudged her shoulder. “We can’t. You need to find Wendy and your brother. And I need to find Rowan and my parents.” 
Toya stepped closer. “I can come with you.” 
I pushed her back towards her parents. “They need you more. If I find Wendy or anyone, I will send you a mind- link. But if you come with me, you would be worried about your parents the entire time.” 
“Toya!” A strangled call had us turning. A shaggy tan wolf was running towards us, and the only thing that saved him was the moon glowing on his forehead. I stepped back, assuming it was her brother, but when he started licking her snout, I figured out pretty quickly it was Sequan. 
I tilted my head. “How did you know she was Toya? I can’t scent anyone.” 
Toya and Sequan turned and looked at me. “We shifted with each other before the attack hit.” Toya laughed.” Thankfully.” She nuzzled her mate. “How else would I be able to pick him out of this crowd?” 
I breathed out a sigh of relief I hadn’t known I was holding. “Well then, you four work together. I have to go.” I turned to leave, but Toya screamed. 
“Stop!” She leapt in front of me, blocking my way. 
I stumbled over my feet to stop myself from barreling it her. “Toya, I have to go help my parents.” 
She sighed. “I know. And if you won’t allow me to go with you. Take Sequan.” 
I snorted. “If you’re going to worry about your parents, you will worry about Sequan.” 
She shook her head. “No, I won’t.” She looked at the trio behind us. “He is a Royal Guard, trained for battle, and you will be with him.” She stepped closer. “I know you would do everything you could to keep him alive.” 
1/2 
Chapter 629 
+25 Bonus 
“Toya…I am headed into the center.” I turned around and looked towards the house. Somewhere there was a fire because there was smoke drifting up. But it was the vicious growls, the howls of pain, and the big cluster of battling wolves that were weaving around each other that spelled a hard fight to get to the middle. “You are telling me you are okay with your mate heading into that mess, with only me covering his back, while you search for your brother.” (1 
She looked at me. “Yes. I am. Because you are my Queen and I trust you with my life. So why wouldn’t I trust you with him?” I stared at her, and I felt something warm in my chest. 
“You trust me that much?” I sounded a little breathless. 
She nodded. “If I can’t be with you, then I’ll trust Sequan to watch your back.” She turned to the man in question. “Don’t let her die.” 
He chuckled. “I will protect her with my life.” He licked her face once more. “Find us when you can.” 
Toya nodded, and then turned and went back to her parents. “Let’s go.” The trio turned and ran towards the edge of the field. They were going to circle in, and check everyone. 
I turned to Sequan. “Are you okay with this?” 
He chuckled. “Yes, my Queen. I know you taught her how to fight. She has her parents with her, and she is heading away from the main fight.” He bumped my shoulder. “Let’s go find your parents.” 
We started running, but a thought popped into my mind, so I turned slightly to the left. “Before we head in, we have one area to check first.” 
“Why?” He questioned me, which I felt was a good quality to have as a guard. Blind faith didn’t sit right with me. 
“Because Rowan was this way when I checked from above. I want to grab him before we fight to the main house.” I sent a silent prayer to the goddesses watching over me. Please keep him safe. 
Megan ran out of the trees. He’s still over there. Erubus is expecting you. 
Nix pushed more power into our legs, and Sequan panted beside us, trying to keep pace. 
“Holy shit, you’re fast.” Sequan grunted as we leapt over body after body. I laughed as we ran, but my blood ran 
cold when I saw the group in front of us. Rowan was in the center, and he was barely holding on. 
P 
Comments 
###Next D 630
30 
I started attacking before I could think. My mate was in the center of this death ring of attackers, and I had to get to his side. Megan! I screamed, and I watched her wince. Start funneling him power. He’s weak and not healing. 
Okay! She ran back into the trees. And soon I felt the pull of power, and my stomach untwisted. Rowan’s head snapped up, and I saw a little panic enter his eyes. 
“GO!” He bellowed at me as I grabbed another wolf and shook it. Sequan dodged in next to me, and together we started tag teaming the wolves from the back. “I said leave me!” Rowan screamed again after he had swiped the face off a wolf trying to sneak in from behind. 
I refused to answer him or even look at him. He wasn’t going to convince me to leave him here, ready to die at the edge of the fight. “Stupid man.” I growled lowly as I raked my claws down another’s flank. 
It took a few deaths before the crowd realized we were attacking from the back. Some turned to face us, but they were no match for Sequan and me. The wolves surrounding Rowan were trained. These weren’t typical rogues. These are trained guards.” Sequan jumped over my back as he said it, tackling another wolf. 
“I was just thinking that.” I bit off a paw, earning a screech of pain from the she–wolf in front of me. I spat it out and dove for the kill. I watched the light fade from her eyes, and I felt nothing. “I’m going to need you to keep attacking back here.” I shout over the snarls from the wolf in front of me. 
Sequan quickly glanced at me. “What dol you mean?” He tackled a wolf trying to sneak up on me. He snapped the male’s neck and dropped him to the ground right as I ran back a few steps. He turned to look at me, giving me the perfect angle I needed. 
“Just keep attacking.” I yelled as I sprinted at him. He braced himself for an attack that wasn’t coming, but it gave me the opportunity to launch myself up into the air. 
“Amy!” Sequan yelled after me. But I was already airborne. I flew over the wolves circling and attacking Rowan. 
I was nearly to him when a wolf tried to jump at me, his teeth snapping near my paw, but I sliced my claws at him at the last moment and opened up four deep claw marks across his face. I felt his eye give way under my hit, and once again I gagged. 
Nix chortled at my reaction. This is war, and you are squeamish. 
Rowan turned and did a double take right as I landed on the wolf about to attack him. My teeth found the back of its next and I bit right through it, the head dropping from the weight. His mouth dropped open as I dropped the chunk of flesh near his feet. “Did you just jump over everyone, land on a wolfs back, and almost bite completely through its neck?” 
I tilted my head. “It was about to bite you.” I just shook my head as I turned away, positioning myself on his back 
He choked for a second. “You said that as if it were an explanation.” 
I lunged for another wolf, biting and scratching as it tried to run. My claws sunk into his flank, and I ripped off a leg, flinging it off to the right. “Because it was.” 
I lost track of how many wolves I went through, but eventually the fighting slowed. Sequan broke through and joined us in the center. He had a few bite marks, but most looked superficial. 
1/2 
Chapter 630 
+25 Bonus 
Realizing that Rowan was no longer alone and an easy target, the remaining wolves grew cautious. They all turned and fled, leaving the three of us alone to catch our breath. I looked over the field that we were in, and the only fighting that was still going on was in front of the pack house. I could see a ton of wolves still trying to fight their way into the pack house, and another group of wolves still defending it. 
“Should we head over to the pack house?” Sequan was catching his breath, and I quickly looked him over. His wounds were already healed, and he was ready to go. 
I turned to my mate, and I could see the wounds slowly healing on his body. “Why are you healing so slowly?” 
“Silver…” He panted as another wound closed over. “Not enough to kill, just enough to inhibit my healing. Like wolfsbane for wolves.” He panted as the pain rolled through him. “It makes me slower…and weaker. Brings me down to wolf’s strength.” He grunted as he fell forward, catching himself on his fist. 
His words hit me like a bat. “That’s how they killed so many Lycans…they made them weaker, like a wolf, and then ganged up on them.” 
Rowan nodded weakly once. “Yeah…I just figured it out myself.” His laugh was pained. “It fucking hurts.” 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
+2 
###Next D 631
+25 Bonus 
I rushed to his side. The pain must have been unbearable if it forced a shift. I shifted from Nix wolf’s form to my human body so I could check him over with my hands. I wrapped my arms around him and helped him to his feet. “Are you okay?” He nodded once, but I could see how tired he was. “Is the power I am feeding you enough to get through this?” I looked towards the pack house. “We still have to finish this.” 
He grunted once. “I can get through it.” He winced as he turned to me. “It just hurts to breathe…and move…and be alive.” He snorted and then grimaced. 
Kiss him. Nix trotted to the clearing. Megan is pulling power and feeding it to Erubus. If you do the same and push power into his human body, we might be able to get him through the silver poisoning faster. 
“Here goes nothing.” I murmured as I pulled his face down to my lips. 
“Amy…” He whispered before I kissed him. 
I heard Sequan cough before he turned away. “I’ll watch your back.” He sounded confused, but he was smart enough not to interrupt. 
I opened myself to the power, pulled it to my lips and breathed it into Rowan. I heard him groan in relief. I heard another awkward cough from Sequan, and I wanted to laugh but I was too busy taking care of my mate. 
Rowan. I called to the man in my arms. You have to tell me when you are close to being healed. I can’t afford to leave you burned out. 
He nodded against my lips, not sparing a second moment to speak to me, even in our minds. He was breathing in my power, basking in the healing rush, while also kissing me so hard that my eyes rolled back into my head. 
Calm yourself. Nix snorted as she listened to my inner thoughts. You don’t have time to rut right now. The lust that hit me was a rush of heat and curling toes. I wanted the man in my arms, but she was right. We didn’t have 
time to think of that. 
Rowan’s hands pushed back against my shoulders. The kiss ended with both of us panting, but for slightly different reasons. “Are you okay?” My question was thick with need. 
His answering smirk had me biting my lip. “Yes. Who knew your kisses could heal and get me hard?” His answer was murmured against my lips, but from the choking noise from Sequan, I figured he wasn’t as quiet as he thought. He adjusted himself through his pants, and poor Sequan coughed again. 
“Can I turn around yet?” Sequan asked awkwardly. 
“Yes.” I stepped back, and I felt the heat that pooled between my thighs cool, while my face burned. “Sorry. I just didn’t know anyway to heal you faster.” 
Rowan smiled. “Never apologize for kissing me. I don’t care who is around.” He stood up on his own and took a few testing steps. “That…actually helped. Like a lot.” He smiled. 
I nodded once before shifting back into Nix. “We need to move.” I looked around and found another tree I could climb. This one was a little harder than the last. The angle was not as steep as the first. I used my claws to dig in, and I ran up the side. 
“What are you doing?” Both men yelled as I reached the first branch. 
1/2 
Chapter 631 
+25 Bonus 
“I’m looking at what we are running into.” I realized I needed to be a little higher, so I leapt to the next branch and walked as far out as I could safely. The tree branch bounced with each step, and I heard Rowan swear under his breath. I grinned as I looked down. “I’m not going to die from climbing a tree.” 
“You might from falling out of the fucking thing though.” He shot back. 
“I’m not weak. 
>> 
“No, but all it takes is landing wrong. Snapping your neck doesn’t care how fucking strong you are, Amy.” He growled as he paced under me. 
I ignored him as I turned back to the pack house. I couldn’t make out much, but there were at least fifty more wolves fighting there. I didn’t know how many of our wolves were left. Or how many fighters we even started with. I was about to jump down when I noticed something. Some wolves were moving slower. They were barely holding on. 
I jumped to the ground and turned on Rowan. “How did you get silver poisoning?” 
“What?” He turned away from the pack house and looked at me. 
“How did you get silver into your system after you left the cell?” I paced around him as I tried to figure it out. “ You didn’t touch any of the weapons. Nor did you touch Theo as face as I can remember.” I stopped, my leg dangling in the air. “You all ran out, leaving me with the Goddesses, and somehow you got silver into your system.” I turned to face him. “So how did it get there…and are you the only one that was poisoned.” 3 
###Next D 632
Chapter 632 
My words hung in the air, and then Sequan staggered. “Silas.” He groaned and nearly dropped to the ground. “ Something is wrong with Silas.” He looked to me. 
“Fuck.” I spun and started running. 
Rowan and Sequan caught up with me as I headed straight towards the fighting. “Why fuck?” Sequan panted 
next to us. 
Rowan looked over at the guard. “Because Silas is a three hundred–year–old Alpha that spent most of that being the man that trained the entire Royal Guard. He should be one of the last of us to be hurt in any attack, mainly because he is just that good. Out of everyone here, he has survived wars, attacks, and single–handedly trained Lycans to battle.” 
Sequan nodded. “Yeah…I know all of that.” 
“Then why did Rowan and Silas get hurt?” I panted as I ran. “Out of everyone here. All the strongest men are getting hurt.” 
Sequan nodded. “It makes sense because they had the4 most attacking them.” 
“I was poisoned.” Rowan pointed out the obvious. 
Sequan stumbled. “So you are saying that someone targeted you and Silas. And they poisoned you both?” 
I looked at him, and I felt my stomach clench. “Not just them.” 
Rowan nodded. “Anyone strong enough to be a threat. The only one who was able to get away was Amy.” 
Sequan looked at me, the question in his eyes, and I puffed out my cheeks. “I was with the goddesses, and then they dropped me on the far side of the clearing in the trees.” I focused back on the fight. “Probably so that I wouldn’t get poisoned like the others.” 
We reached the back before anything else could be said, and I felt the ripple as I passed through a spell. All three of us tumbled head over tail when the mind–link flared to life again. 
Where is Amy? Wendy screamed down the mind–link, and my stomach clenched. She sounded so panicked. 
Toya called back an answer. She said she was heading this way. She must have gotten sidetracked. She’s coming. 
Ladybug, are you okay? Uncle Ronnie called out, and I heard something in his voice that confirmed my worst fears. 
“They are all poisoned.” I looked at the two men at my side. 
“You can’t know that for sure.” Sequan shook his head, hope in his voice. 
“She heard it in Beta Ronnie’s voice. There was a slight slur that isn’t normally there.” Rowan looked at me, and 
I nodded. 
“Let’s go.” Sequan took a step but Rowan voice rang out. 
“Wait.” Rowan searched the fighting wolves in front of us. “There are less moons in this cluster.” His voice was 
1/3 
Chapter 632 
+25 Bonus 
worried. “We need a plan.” 
She’s not hurt, is she? Tina’s voice wobbled. 
No. My mothers voice was certain. I would know if she was hurt or worse. 
Help me! Someone screamed, someone I didn’t know, but she was panicked. 
“We can’t stand here anymore. We have to go in.” I shook myself and forced my claws out. 
Oh, Goddess, are we going to die? It was Abby’s tiny voice that had me moving. I couldn’t wait anymore, not to plan or worry. I just had to make it to the pups I had claimed. My pup was with Abby, and all the others, inside the safe room in the pack house. 
“I’m not waiting. I’m sorry. But I won’t let them get to my pup.” I dove for the first wolf, and I ripped it apart. The worry of Carly in the pack house, waiting for yet another attack, while watching the people she had come to love fighting for their lives. The parallels to Carl’s death made me want to vomit. I knew I had to focus on the fight, but I needed to do one thing first. Carly, baby? I shouted down the mind–link, and for a moment is quieted down. 
Momma Amy? Her voice was thick with tears, but I heard the hope. 
Baby girl, are you okay? Rowan’s voice called after mine. I think he realized my train of thought when I called to her. He was there that night and could see what it did to her. 
Daddy Ro. Her voice hitched. You are both okay? 
Of course, baby. I sent small pulses of calming aura to her. We wouldn’t leave you. I have to finish this out here, but I wanted to check in because I haven’t been able to hear anyone. I hoped everyone listening would understand what I was saying. Stay safe, and when we are done here, Daddy Ro and I will come and get you, okay? 
Okay. She sniffled, and I felt her withdraw. 
Amy, baby. Are you okay? My moms tired and slurred voice was the first one to reach me. 
Yeah mom. I’m okay. We are coming. I shut off my mind–link and called for Megan. It took a minute for her to 
run back from Rowan. 
Yeah? She panted as she came next to the barrier. 
I need you to go to the clearing. And when I cast this next spell, I need your full focus on it. 
What? Why? She ran straight to the clearing and wrapped her body around the potted plant that was my power. 
Because what I am going to do is stupid, reckless and if we don’t monitor it precisely, it can kill us. 
Nix and Megan both tensed. Nix pulled away enough to stare at me. What are you going to do? 
We are going to be fighting. Megan is going to monitor our power drain. 
Power drain for what, Amy? Nix growled in my face. 
Trust me? I looked between my wolves. They nodded, and that was the only okay I needed. The spell had never 
2/3 
Chapter 632 
+25 Bonus 
existed before, but I had felt them, and the intention behind it bubble from my power. And I knew once I cast 
this spell, it could make or break this fight. “Ich bri pack lik ni shor kun di.” 
日 
仙 
Comments 
Support 
+2 
Share 
3/3 
###Next D 633
Chapter 633 
I felt the spell ripple out, and one by one every wolf that held a moon on its head lit up in my mind. Megan trembled as one after another connected to the spell. What is this, Amy? 
The only way I could think of to help everyone survive. I whispered back to them in my mind. I felt the power drain kick in, and I stumbled a step A wolf took that as a cue to attack, but Rowan was there to intercept. He turned to me once the wolf was dead. “Are you okay?” 
I nodded as the spell settled. “Yeah.” I sounded breathless. “Just need a minute to adjust.” 
What the fuck is that? Someone I couldn’t pinpoint screamed. 
Silvermoon, focus on the attack. We can debrief after. My father’s words cut in. He figured I was doing a spell and needed it to stay quiet. 
I waited for my body to get used to the drain. Nix I need you to go to my father. 
Amy, I don’t want to leave you. She pulled back, already knowing how I would answer. 
Be quick then. I need you to explain to my father, and just make sure everyone is okay. I will focus on the fighting. Megan will keep the spell steady. If there is any issue, we will cut off the power transfer. 
Nix stared at me for another second before she turned and ran straight through the barrier and into the woods. Stay safe. She called back before she faded out of my mind. 
I checked with Megan, and then I refocused on the fight. Rowan and Sequan were tearing into wolf after wolf, and finally I joined them. I saw a wolf creeping in from the side, trying to catch Rowan unaware, and I dove for him. I slid under him, aiming for his leg, but his high- pitched squeal let me know I missed the mark as my teeth closed around something much softer than his leg. 
Wolves turned as I jumped back to my feet. Sequan grimaced as he watched me stand up. “Did you bite off what I think you bit off?” 
I gagged as the chunk of flesh hit the ground. “We aren’t going to talk about this ever again.” I screamed as I dove for the wolfs neck. No man should ever have to live after that. 
Rowan managed to make Erubus’s face look pale. I nearly snorted as he looked down at the piece lying on the ground. “Remind me never to Hurt you.” 
I snorted as I turned to find another wolf to attack. “I think this will be warning enough… don’t you think?” No male wolf wanted to approach. But the she–wolves didn’t have the same hesitation. I had three of them charge at the same time. 
One went for my legs, one for my middle, and the bravest of the trio dove for my throat. The three seemed to have learned from their male counterparts because they coordinated their attacks. Every time I had fought one off, the other two would attack. This went on for a while. I was starting to worry about Rowan, but I was barely keeping myself alive. 
Cleste Al 
+25 Bonus 
Nix ran back into the clearing, and I released a breath I hadn’t realized I was holding. They are all okay, tired, but the power transfer is helping. Nix charged through the barrier and slid next to me. Your dad already suspected someone was using magic, and listening in to the pack link that’s why he told us to focus on the fighting. 
“Good.” I growled out. One of the she–wolves got a hold of my leg, and I felt the snap. I yelped; I couldn’t help it, but I rounded on her and my claws ripped her throat out before she could think to unlatch from me. Nix’s vicious growl had the other two cowering before they 
rallied. 
Why didn’t you use your magic? Nix’s voice was dark as she put weight on the broken leg. 
Because all of our power is currently being used up by the pack. Megan called back. If she casts another spell…the spell would rip us apart. 
I snapped my teeth on the shoulder of a wolf diving at me. They got their teeth into me, and I only had time to get my teeth into their shoulder to stop them from catching my throat. I grunted in pain. The familiar burn caught me off guard. 
Some of these wolves have wolfsbane and silver on their teeth. I called out down the pack–link. 
How is that even possible? An elder’s voice called from the pack house. 
My father’s pained voice answered. A few wolves were wearing collars, like a fucking human pet. They had vials attached to them. We were able to catch a few intact. How did you know Aim? 
Because I got a fun little burning sensation, and it’s not from sex. I choked out, earning a chuckle from a few others in the pack. 
P 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
2 
###Next D 634
Chapter 634 
I watched to say something else, but the wolf attached to me started to shake. At first I thought it was trying to tear out my throat, but I realized its jaws released and it was shaking still. I opened my jaws and jerked back, but the wolf just fell to the ground. The shaking grew in intensity, and then it started to foam at the mouth. It reminded me of a dog with rabies, but we couldn’t catch rabies. 
“It’s the wolfsbane and silver.” Rowan’s voice caught me off guard, and I spun. He was standing behind me, watching the wolf. “I think the vials were to coat the teeth, as another weapon, but if they aren’t careful enough, and swallow some of the contents. This is what will happen. They boil themselves from the inside.” 
I grimaced as I turned back. “It looks painful.” 
“It is.” He nodded. 
I saw Sequan take a hit, and go down. I sprinted over, tackling the wolf on top of him. Before I even had a thought, Nix had ripped out the wolfs throat, and we were moving on. Wolf after wolf we fought. I lost count after forty, and that was before we even reached the circle. I was growing tired, exhausted really, but I heard a sound that turned my blood cold. 
Somewhere over to my right, in front of the pack house, I heard my mother scream. Not howl, not yelp, but scream. The exhaustion I was feeling vanished, and I took off. I heard Sequan and Rowan both screaming after me, but I wasn’t going to wait for them. 
Stupid? 
Why yes, yes it was. 
I didn’t care, though. I moved faster than I ever had before. A wolf turned and saw me coming and decided it was smart to try to attack. But I didn’t have time for him. He dove for me, and I launched myself into the air. My front paw landed on his face, but I pushed off of him, slamming him into the dirt and using his body as a springboard to get over the fighting wolves. 
“AMY!” Rowan screamed. But I was already running on the backs of fighting wolves. 
Nix, I called to my wolf. 
I got you. Nix forced herself to sound confident, and I appreciated it. She took over, handling all the fancy footwork it took to run along the backs of the crowd. She did her best to land on enemies and then slammed them down to the ground as she launched herself forward. If she landed on the back of someone with a moon, she was as gentle as she could be. Some saw us coming, bracing themselves for our impact, while others were clueless. 
I made it to the center in record time, landing next to my father, standing above my mother’s human body. Blood was pouring out of her hand, and from somewhere else. I barely had time to register she had lost two fingers before a wolf attacked. 
1/2 
Chapter 634 
+25 Bonus 
“Why don’t you guys just fucking die!” It screamed as it launched itself at my face. But I was pissed, my mother was under me, and I wasn’t dealing with this bullshit anymore. 
I broke the wolfs neck before it even had a chance to get close. I forced a shift, and I pushed off my four paws onto two. There was a collective gasp as my Lycan wolfman form was seen for the first time, but I was done fighting fair. 
“What the fuck is that?” Someone screamed. 
I didn’t hesitate. I charged. My two legs were faster than my four, and I used my arms to swat wolf after wolf. I heard a roar from in front of me and realized that Rowan had shifted to his 
wolfman form too. 
“There are two of them?” A scream came from my left, and I turned. I bellowed out my anger. 
“There is a second Lycan alive?” Another wolf cried out. 
“You came to my pack, my lands, and you killed my people without knowing the fucking truth?” My voice was dark and vicious. I felt my anger solidify into this burning beacon inside of me. 
The winds picked up, trees swayed faster, and clouds flew in from nowhere. Slowly, the bright blue sky had darkened above the pack house. The clouds turned from white to dark grey- green. The wind started whipping in a circle. 
My dad screamed, a pained grunt that had me spinning, and my vision turning red. He was huddled over my mother, his bare skin seeping blood. A wolf charging in for the kill. I screamed, the ground shaking from my anger and fear, and I charged. 
But the wolf was faster. It was closer. It was lunging for my father’s very human and unprotected throat. I pulled everything I could to myself all my pain, my anger, my love and I knew it wasn’t going to make a difference. I was too far. He was very vulnerable. 
— 
I unleashed everything I had pent up without a last heaven–defying scream, and the world 
went white. 
Comments 
Support 
Shar
###Next D 635
Chapter 635 
The surrounding darkness was familiar. I was floating in the abyss of black that I had found myself in once before. I relaxed into it instead of fighting it this time. If I died this time, I only hoped that I had saved my parents. 
“You did.” Selene’s voice floated from the distance, and I sighed in relief. 
“Good.” I had nobody here, but I still felt my soul release. “Good.” 
“Do you not care about anyone else?” Her voice was curious. 
“I do. But I know that Rowan would have fought tooth and nail to save everyone once I was gone.” I chuckled. “He would be heartbroken, but he is a good king, and a better man. He would make sure everyone was safe before he allowed himself to break down over my death.” 
“Always so confident.” Hecate’s voice was amused. “I think we may have created a monster, sister.” 
Selene laughed, her voice growing closer. “No.” I felt something behind me, but I couldn’t turn, couldn’t move. “We created a queen.” Her voice was next to my ear. 
“Are you not sad you are here, daughter?” Hecate’s voice called from further away. 
I shook my head, or what felt like my head. “No.” I leaned back into the abyss, allowing my soul to rest. “I did what I could to protect everyone. To save everyone. I did my best, and that’s all anyone can ask. If I have to die for my parents, I’m okay with it.” 
“But you didn’t get to accomplish what you wanted to.” Selene’s voice was moving as she called to me. “You wanted revenge…didn’t you?” 
I felt some anger bubble up. “I did…I do.” I corrected myself. “I didn’t get to avenge my pup.” I tried to touch my stomach, but I had no hands here. 
“Which pup?” Hecate’s voice held a hint of playfulness that I didn’t understand. 
“What do you mean?” I felt my body release, and I could move again. “Carly’s still alive. I don’t need to avenge her…right?” Panic gripped my heart. “Rowan would have protected my pup.” 
“He has.” Selene’s hand patted whatever my soul was now, and I felt a jolt of power. “The shaman pup 
is still alive and safe.” 
“I wasn’t talking about her.” Hecate chuckled. 
“Then who. I only have my pup from my first life…and Carly.” I frowned, or tried to. 
A soft pink glow pulsed from somewhere. A fluttering heartbeat filled the darkness. “Are you sure?” Something cupped my face, a hand I think and another jolt of power ran through me. Look, and see the truth.” 
(( 
1/3 
Chapt 
+25 Bonus 
I felt hands turn me, and I saw a tiny pup floating in a pink orb off to the left. “Who is that?” 
“Your pup.” Selene’s voice was a whisper as her silvery form stepped up next to me on my left. She waved her hand, and the tiny pup floated into her hand. 
“My pup from my first life? The one from Brandon.” I opened what I considered arms here for him, and the pulsing orb flew straight to me. I clutched him to my chest. This is the first time I had touched him in years. “I’ve missed you, my love.” 
Selene hummed before she answered. “Not exactly.” 
“What do you mean?” I was confused, but for the first time since I had died, I felt complete. This was a piece of my soul I had been secretly missing all these years. 
Hecate’s form stepped on my right, her green smoke drifting around her as she reached a hand out and ran her fingers down the pulsing pink ball protecting my pup. “Yours and Brandon’s pup soul…in yours and Rowan’s pup body. His second shot at life. A deal is a deal. If you finish your task.” Her face held a soft wonder. “And if you survive.” 
I tightened my hands around him. “Really?” I choked out. Silver drops fell onto the pulsing orb in my arms. “What’s that?” I watched as more silver drops fell onto him. 
Selene’s voice was a soft whisper. “Your soul tears.” Her hand slipped around my back, sending pulses of power into me. “You don’t have a body here, not one like in the real world; it’s just your soul. When a soul cries, its tiny drops of your life force, gifted from me.‘ 
“Hense the glowing silver drops.” Hecate mimicked Selene, wrapping her arm around me, sending more shocks into me. “I know it’s uncomfortable. But you unlocked a hidden power neither my sister nor I realized you had. It took too much out of you.” 
Selene hummed again. “This is definitely something we will have to look into. But if you want your chance to leave like last time, we need to…” She looked at Hecate. 
She shifted into her Maiden form. “Juice your soul up with power so you can get out of limbo, as my followers would say.” She grinned before she shifted again. Her forms becoming more and more unstable. “I’m using extra power to get you out of here.” 
Selene cupped my cheek. “Your soul was ripped apart from the blast. Celestial powers can do that.” 
“Celestial powers? Excuse me?” I was confused. “What the hell did I do?” 2 
Hecate grabbed me and started spinning. “Why don’t you wake up and find out for yourself?” Then she let go. 3 
2/3 
###Next D 636
Chapter 636 
My eyes opened to the sun shining directly into my pupils. I groaned, and my hands shot to cover them. “Welcome back to the living, Luna.“A voice, one I didn’t have the brainpower to identify, called from my side. 
I cracked an eye, grunting again with the brightness of the lights, and waited for my eye to adjust before the form of the doctor took shape. Doc…I’m alive?” The question slipped out, and he laughed. 
“Yeah. You are.” 
“Then, can you turn down the Goddess bright lights in the room? I can’t see shit.” I groaned as I took stock of my body. Every atom that was in my body was brimming with power and pain. So much pain. 
The doctor laughed, and I heard steps receding, and the room darkened. I cracked open my eyes to see that the doctor had turned off most of the lights, leaving a small lamp on the med cart still on. “How’s that?” 
“Better.” I sighed and allowed both of my eyes to adjust to the room. “Where is everyone?” Worry clamped a fist around my throat. “My parents? Did they make it? Is the fighting over? How many did we lose?” 
The doctor came back to my side and waved me down. His hand patted my shoulder in reassurance. “The Alphas, including the king, are directing the mess of the remnants of the packs we had here. Your mother, the Luna, is setting up for the ceremony. Amd the rest of the pack are helping with the sorting.” 
“The sorting?” I questioned, and I saw his face pale. “You wanna know what? Nevermind.” He laughed and helped me up when he saw me trying to sit up again. The whirl of the bed motor, and his arms, helped me into a better position so could look at his face. “How am I?” 
He snorted. “Better than you should be.” He checked my vitals and slid the blood pressure cuff 
on. 
I groaned. “Are you really going to make me ask? 
He shook his head, but I saw the smile on his face. “What do you want to know?” He wrote a few things down on a clipboard. “How are you alive?” He leveled me with a look. “I honestly don’t know. I wasn’t there, but no one has stopped talking about what you did.” 
“What did I do?” I rolled to my side so I could face him fully. 
“The unimaginable.” His words were soft as he pushed me back onto my back. “Tell me if there is any pain where I touch.” He felt along each arm and leg and then pressed around my stomach. It hurt, but in an achy way. “Anything? 
I shook my head. “I’m sore, but I don’t feel like I’m dying. Which is how you’re looking at me.” He laughed again, and pressed lightly on my lower stomach. I felt a small ball there, and 
1/2 
+25 Bonus 
I remembered what I had seen in the abyss. I hissed, and the doctor pulled his hands away quickly. 
“Did that hurt?” He looked back to the chart. 
“No.” I cupped my lower belly. “I have to ask…” 
He looked up from the chart, and his mouth was open. “Luna Amy…” He turned around and grabbed a cup. “I need you to go pee in this.” 
I took it from him as he helped me off the bed. “Okay.” I had a feeling I knew exactly what he was double–checking. I was in the bathroom for less than a minute, and he took the cup from me with gloved hands. He pulled something from the cart and stuck it in. 
“We will have an answer in a minute.” He whispered to himself. “How is moving around?” He went back to focusing on me. 
“Better than I thought it would be.” I saw a change of clothes on a chair and grabbed them. I needed to get down to the pack house; something needed to happen. “I need to change…can you tell me what happened while we wait.” I nodded at the test, and after a minute, the doctor nodded. I pulled the curtain around me, and leaned against the bed to put on some underwear. 
“The battle was in full swing, and from what I gathered, you were a big part of this win. You helped funnel power into the rest of the pack as you fought, and it’s the only reason half of our wolves are still alive.” I hummed, so he knew I was listening. “You saw your mother get hurt and shifted into your Lycan form and started to run through their ranks. You took out a lot of wolves, even the Royal Guards are impressed.” He hesitated for a second. “And then the story gets a little hazy.” 
“What do you mean?” I slid my pants on, and some socks. It hurt to get into my bra, but once I was dressed, I pulled the curtain back. 
“From what I have pieced together…you saw your father go down, and then you…” He coughed. 
“I what?” I was completely invested in the next part because it is the only thing I don’t 
remember. 
“You called down lightning.” 
D 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
###Next D 637
Chapter 637 
The room was silent except for the ticking of the lock. I felt a tug in my chest, pulling me outside to the pack house. The first one was gentler, but this one made me gasp. I needed to get down there. Soon. 
Then, a timer went off, scaring both of us and making us jump. “What do you mean I called down lightning?” My brain couldn’t wrap around that little tidbit. 
He turned back to the cart, and he shook his head. “Like I said, the story has become more like a myth at this point. Everyone has been-” He stopped talking, his hand hovered over the strip, and I heard him swallow. 
“What’s wrong?” I stepped up next to him. He held out the tiny strip of paper with two pink lines. I froze. 
“Congratulations, Luna.” He coughed as he put the strip back down on the cart, and he bowed. “You’re pregnant.” 
My hand flew to my stomach, and I felt the burn of tears. “Truly?” 
He nodded. “This is the second test. The first was when you were out cold, and I wanted to make sure before I got your hopes up.” He smiled. “But I’m sure.” 
I felt a new fear bubble up. “Tell no one.” 
He stared at me for a few seconds. “Of course.” He bowed again. 
I needed to tell Rowan myself, but something was tugging at me again. “So you said 
lightning.” I pushed the pup to the back of my mind; we would have a ton of time to talk about 
our son. 
He nodded. “Like I said, I wasn’t there to see it, but everyone that I have treated that was, hasn’t shut up about it.” 
I nodded once. I was stunned. But a new thought occurred to me. “What ceremony?” 
The doctor smiled. “That I will leave up to your mother to explain.” He grabbed the cart and started out of the room. I said my goodbyes and finally followed the tug in my chest. 
As soon as I stepped out of the pack hospital, I was swarmed by wolves. “Thank you, Queen Luna.” They all bowed, some even dropping to the ground. 
“Please. Stand.” I hurried over to the first wolf I could and I helped them to their feet. “Please don’t bow.” I dusted off her clothes. “I don’t want it, nor do I need it.” 
“You saved my son, and my husband.” She shook her head, tears springing to her eyes. 
“And I am sure they saved many others too.” I wiped away a tear that fell. “We work together to support each other.” I smiled as I stepped back “That’s what it means to be a wolf.” 
1/3 
Chopra (37 
+25 Bonus 
She nodded once. But still she bowed again, and heard her down the mind–link. “I, Sese Lin, thank Queen Luna Amy for saving my family.” Aheer went out through the pack link. 
I heard a howl from off behind the pack house and the sound of pounding feet. I had less than a minute to get to where I needed to be before I was tackled or worse. I started running. 
“You can run, rabbit, but it won’t save you.” Rowan’s voice was thick with something I couldn’t place. I laughed as I sprinted to the front of the pack house and slid to a stop at the steps right as my mate grabbed me. He pulled me into his arms, and I heard him breathing in my scent. “You are not allowed to do that again.” He murmured against my head. 
“You, my love, are not my boss.” He chuckled as he spun me around to look at my face. 
“I am your king. Which is pretty much the biggest boss you can ever have.” He pulled me to his chest and just held me there. “You terrified me.” His voice was thick with worry, and love.” I thought I lost you.” I shook my head against his chest. 
“You can’t get rid of me that easily.” I smiled and forced him back far enough that I could kiss him. “I’m sorry.” 
His eyes were glimmering, but he just smiled. “I’m just happy you’re alive.” He stepped back when he heard a choking sound, and I had just enough time to brace myself before Cass flung herself into my arms. 
“You bitch.” She started crying, and for the first time since she lost her pup, I saw a glimmer of my best friend again. “You are not allowed to die on me, remember. We are supposed to grow old with each other.” She hit my chest, and laughed. 
“I’m sorry.” I cupped her cheek and then nuzzled her. I pulled back, confused by her scent. Are you okay?” She still smelled of her pup. “Your scent has changed.” 
(( 
She smiled at me. “No, I’m not okay.” She shook her head, and I felt my stomach drop. “But I am getting better.” She wiped her hand over her face. “Greyson said the same thing. The doctor said it can take a while for my body to go back to its original scent.” She shrugged. ” You’re okay though?” She pulled back to look me over, and I nodded. 
“I am.” I smiled as I turned, and it froze on my face. 
“You are dead!” 
###Next D 638
Chapter 638 
I braced myself for my parents as they ran over to me. My father got to me first, his battered body once again healed and fully clothed. “If you ever do that again, I swear to the Goddess Amy Maclean I will kill you myself.” His tight grip felt a little suffocating, but I was ripped from his arms. 
My mother’s hands floated over every inch of my body, making sure I was intact. Her right hand was healed, her fingers still missing down at the first knuckle. I grabbed her hand and looked it over. “Will they grow back?” I looked at her face, and she just shrugged. 
“I’ve never lost a finger before, so I don’t know.” She pulled her hand back and pointed at me. “What the hell were you thinking?” 
“What spell was that?” My dad shook his head. “ve never seen lightning like that before.” 
I shook my head. “It wasn’t a spell. Noth that I know of…it kinda just happened.” I blew out a breath, and I felt another tug. “What happened after the lightning?” I looked around at everyone. “I don’t remember anything.” 
My dad snorted. “How would you?” He waved a hand in the air. “You pulled down lightning. It struck everyone in the clearing.” 
I frowned. “How did you all survive?” 
He tapped his forehead. “Whoever had a moon, the lightning ran through us, like we were grounded, and then it moved on.” 
Cass nodded. “I was watching from the window. It was freaking insane.” Shed grinned. “You have to tell me how you did it.” She tugged at my hand, and I laughed. 
“If I knew, I would. But I am as lost as you are.” I turned back to my dad. “So the lightning killed the rest?” 
He shook his head. “It dropped everyone, but the moons protected us and we got back up. The ones without were still alive, but they were fried. We were able to go through and finish them off.” He wiped at his face. “You scared us, Bug.” 
“How long was I out?” I turned to Rowan. 
“A day.” He pulled me into his arms. “Just a day. 
“We just finished sorting through everything.” My dad sighed. 
“The doctor said something about that. Sorting.“I turned in confusion. “What were you sorting?” 
Cass turned green. “Bodies.” She gagged. “They were sorting bodies.” 
My dad kicked at the dark ground. “We pulled all moon–marked wolves to be buried, and we started a fire at the far side of the field.” He pointed towards the Dead Caves. There was a small 
1/4 
+25 Bonus 
fire that wolves were feeding, and a giant pile of something I didn’t want to look too closely 
at. 
“I’m hoping for rain before tomorrow night.” My mom looked up at the cloud–covered sky. 
“Why?” I looked up and sniffed to see if I could smell rain coming. 
“She wants to wash the blood away before the ceremony tomorrow night.” My dad pulled her into his arms. “But I’ve already explained that we have it set up in the backyard, so the front yard isn’t going to matter.” 
I looked up at Rowan. “What ceremony?” 
His ears turned pink, and Cass giggled. “It’s um, your mom’s idea, really.” 
Cass cackled. “Your mom wants to perform a waning moon ceremony to release the spirits of those lost, and move on to the next phase in life. And she thought it would be a perfect night to have your mating ceremony.” 
I whipped around to stare at her, and she grinned “Lycan’s mate at different phases of the moon, and a waning gibbous is a good time to let go of the past.” She looked at me with a raised eyebrow. “Moving on to a new phase seems like a fantastic idea after these past few days, does it not?” She watched me for a minute. 
“I have nothing prepared.” I murmured, looking down at the ground, and feeling the tug in my chest again. 
She jumped up and clapped. “I have everything figured out. Don’t worry about a thing.” 
I opened my mouth to say something else, but my father’s phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket and answered. “Hey.” He staggered and pulled his phone away. Clicking the speaker button. 
“Yeah, I don’t know what to tell you, Gav. I saw them with my own eyes. You’re the only one up on that mountain.” The voice sounded familiar. 
I mouthed the words ‘Who is that‘ to my dad, but he waved me off. “Are you sure?” 
“Yes, Gav, I am. I watched human war movies too. You have a full–on convoy headed your way. One truck had a machine gun on it.” The words hit like a slap. The tugging in my chest jerked harder. “You’ve got about thirty minutes before they get to your lands.” 
“Okay, thanks.” My dad hung up, and I felt a spell bubble from my soul again. “What do we do?” He paled. Humans were on their way to kill us, or worse, and we had nowhere to go. The 
caves were gone. 
“Get me a map.” My mind was whirling. 
“A map? Of what?” My dad stepped towards the house. 
“I need a map of all the packs on this continent.” He ran inside while my chest was pounding. 
2/4 
Chapter 6 
+25 Bonus 
The power coursed through me. 
“Why?” Rowan turned me to face him again. 
My words were low but certain. “Do you think our pack is the only pack the council sold out to the humans?” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
###Next D 639
Chapter 639 
Everyone stared at me for a few seconds, like they were processing what I was saying, and then everyone started talking over each other. “What are you talking about?” Cass waved her hands. 
“I hadn’t thought that far, to be honest.” Ronnie walked up. He looked around are small group and his eyes fell on Cass. “Greyson is looking for you.” * 
Cass stared for a minute. “Why?” 
Ronnie sighed. “Some guards are acting up. The trackers in particular. He needs you to go handle your squad while he deals with his.” He waved off behind the house towards the training rings. “He said he tried to mind–link you about it, but you hadn’t been answering.” He lifted an eyebrow, and Cass blushed. 
“I was just excited to see Amy up again.” She looked around at the rest of us. “I can help after.” 
I waved her off. “It’s okay. What I have to do, no one can help with. You can go help your mate.” 
My dad jogged back out. “Hey Cass, Greyson just mind–linked me looking for you. Says he needs your help at the rings.” He walked over to me. “I know you have been off duty since everything, but he said he really needs your help. I’d appreciate if you could go help him.” 
She sighed. “Yeah Alpha. I’ll head over now.” She waved and headed off. I saw her look back once, and she pointed at me as she mouthed, ‘You better catch me up.‘ I laughed and nodded. 
Once Cass had walked away, he threw up a sound barrier. I frowned. “What’s wrong?” 
Ronnie stepped closer. “We still haven’t found the spy, so we are being extra cautious.” 
“Spy?” I looked around. “That’s Cass we are talking about.” 
Everyone stared at me for a second before laughing. “Not her, you fool.” My mom bumped my shoulder. 
Ronnie shook his head as he looked around the field. “We don’t know who is lurking map. “What’s up with around. Obviously, we don’t think it’s Cass.” He pointed to the that?” I dropped to the ground and opened the map. My chest tugged again, and I knew what I had to do. 
1/3 
+25 Bonus 
A 
“Van called from the airport.” My dad looked towards the road. “A human convoy, fully armed, is headed up here. 
Ronnie spun to look at the road and then back at us. “What are we going to do?” 
“We are doing this.” My father pointed to the map. “Well…she is.” 
Ronnie dropped into a crouch. “Why did you need a map?” He pointed to the map. How is this going to save us? Are you planning an escape route? We could run, but there is nothing but forest and the Agora.” He looked up. “We can’t leave the Agora to the humans, can we?” 
I stared down at the map in my hand. There were about twenty packs in North America. Almost half of them were in Canada. Could my power reach that far? 
My grandmother crouched beside me. “You are of the earth, sea, and sky.” Everyone has stopped talking. Her finger traced the outline of the pack lands we were currently on. “This map not only shows you where our people are located, but where their lands stop.” She traced our land again. She grabbed my hand and placed it on the ground. “Dig.” She nodded toward the ground. 
I shifted into my claws and dug down. Cool earth closed around my fist as I shifted back. “What is this going to do?” 
She chuckled. “Always asking the wrong questions.” She looked up. “Much like your father.” She smacked the back of my head, and I swore I felt it. “Focus.” She patted 
the ground. “Focus on connecting to the earth. Feel the dirt. The life it offers. The food, the abundance it is waiting to bear. Feel the moisture of the dirt. The water, and the blood that has soaked into the ground we are standing on.” 
I closed my eyes and opened myself to the earth. My magic, in its potted plant, exploded out. The pot fragments flew everywhere as my plant dug itself into the ground of my soul. I felt the moment my magic and the earth connected. 
The ground felt alive. Bugs, small animals, and worms all live under the ground. But also the earth itself. I felt every breath it took through the trees. Every shift as it stretched or contracted. The heat coming from her center. 
“Gaia,” I heard my voice call out. 
“Yes, my child.” A woman’s voice called back, and I nearly pulled my hand free. Her laugh was deep and smooth. It sounded like rocks tumbling down a cliff face but somehow musical. “You called to me, connected to me, and then jumped when I answered.” 
“I just didn’t expect…” I trailed off because I sounded stupid even to myself. 
2/3 
+25 Bonus 
“You didn’t expect me to have a voice?” I opened my eyes and watched as the ground bubbled. A woman with green skin and brown flowing hair stepped out of the ground, earning gasps from everyone. She flung out her hand, and the sound bubble, once clear, turned grey. “Now, no one can spy inside.” She winked. 
“Mother Gaia.” My grandmother bowed beside me, and I heard everyone else hit the ground, but the goddess’s eyes never shifted from my face. 
“Call to my sons and save your people. Before the scourge of the lands gets here.” She tilted her head and closed her eyes. “You don’t have much time left.” 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
3/3 
###Next D 640
I turned to my grandmother. “What do I do? 
Gaia laughed. “So strong, yet so unsure of herself and power.” She waved a hand, and the ground where my hand had been became a stone bowl. Water filled from an unseen force. “She can’t help you with this little one.” She stepped closer. “But just like me, call to them. You are of the land, the sky and the sea. And you can connect with all of it.” Her eyes were gentle but firm 
I started with what I could see. I put my hand into the bowl of water. Letting the cool liquid close over my skin. Unlike with the ground, this wasn’t alive. There was nothing to connect. I shook my head as I stared at the goddess. “I feel nothing. Not like I did with you and the ground.” 
She smiled. “You are thinking too small. Close your eyes.” I listened to her. “Water gives you life, just like the earth. The earth gives you food, but without water there is nothing. Not humans, not plants, not even bacteria. It is the lifeblood of our planet. The water is the blood of my body. It flows through me, bringing the ground nutrients, keeping everything alive. Listen to the sound of the sea, of the creatures living in it.” Suddenly I heard the sound of waves crashing against rocks. I heard a whale song, and the clicks and squeals of dolphins. “Call to my son. Pontus of the sea. And if you are strong enough…he will come.” 
I let my body sink into the feeling of the water. In my mind, I knew I was still kneeling on the ground, but I felt the sea’s currents rip me away from the land, and I was floating in the dark abyss of crushing water. “Pontus.” I called out his name, and I felt a ripple in the water. “Pontus, I call to you.” A dark shape took form in the almost–black water. 
A sea snake that looked to be a mile long swam towards me, eyes like the black sea, with teeth sharper than any knives. “Who calls to me?” The dark voice echoed through the water, and I felt like I was choking. The sea serpent swam faster towards me, and right before its teeth closed around me, I heard a footstep on grass. “Mother.” The same deep voice was warm, and my eyes sprang open. 
A man as big if not bigger than Rowan, with pale, almost translucent skin, and the same black eyes of the serpent, was standing over me. He bent down at the waist and used a finger to tip my head back. “Pretty little thing, aren’t you?” His smile was slow, but one by one, his sharp teeth came to life. 
“You’re here.” My voice was a whisper. 
He smiled wider, his fangs on full display. “You called.” 
25 Bonus 
Gaia pulled him back with a scowl. “Leave the girl alone, Pontus. She has to save her people from the scourge.” She lifted her lip in disgust, and Pontus grew still. He turned his head to me with a tilt. 
“Not human?” He asked. 
I shook my head. “Closer than you, I guess, but still not human.” He nodded once. “Then I guess you need my brother.” I nodded once. 
“Well then, call him. The man is flighty and hard to catch.” He grinned at his own joke and then stepped next to his mother. 
If I lifted my hand from the water, and let the breeze dry my skin as I closed my eyes. Gaia was the body, and Pontus was the blood, then Uranus was the air in our lungs. It kept every living being alive, fed our cells, and nourished our bodies as much as water. I focused on the air in my lungs. The wind whipped around the clearing. 
The wind was soft, but I remembered the day before how loud and terrifying it could be right before I pulled lightning from the sky. It could be destructive enough to rip houses apart, to push water away, but gentle enough to feed the soul. I felt my hair whip around my face, and I heard the distant cries of eagles. The wind grew louder in my ears until it sounded like a thundering stampede charging down at me. Uranus.” I called out through the wind. “Uranus, I call to you.” I screamed over the screeching wind. I heard the thumping of an enormous bird, and in my mind I saw it. A circling thunderbird flying above me. The lightning I had called down, flashing through the sky, and the loud roar of thunder echoed in my ears. The thunderbird seems to stare down at me. “Who are you?” The deep thump of its wings as it flew above me could still be heard over the storm raging, the power of each flap changing the pressure in my ears. 
“No one if importance. Just someone hoping to save her kin.” I called out, and then it dove at me. I held firm, waiting for it to attack, but a hand cupped my cheek instead. 
“Who says you aren’t important, little wolf?” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D 
Comments 
Share 
Support 
X 
get it 
2/3 
###Next D 641
I didn’t know how to answer; instead, I just stared up at the man cupping my face. His skin was dark as the night, and his eyes were storm cloud grey. He looked to be a mirror image of Pontus. Same face, same build. He smiled down at me until someone coughed. I turned to see my mate staring at me with a wounded look on his face, and that snapped me out of whatever trance I was in. 
Pontus and Uranus both laughed. “Don’t worry, pup.” Uranus patted Rowan on his shoulder. His voice came out condescending “All mortals get this way around gods. Your mate’s heart is still only yours.” I wanted to stand, but Rowan grabbed me first. He must have seen the anger on my face because he smiled. “Now you have called all of us here. What do you need?” Uranus joined his brother and mother across from 
me. 
“Humans have found out about us.” I started. 
Pontus raised a brow and turned to his mother. “Why does this have anything to do with us?” 
Gaia smacked him. “You know exactly why we are here. Allow the godling to talk.” She turned back to me and nodded. “Go ahead.” Pontus and Uranus turned away, bored already with our plight. 
“Humans are on their way to kill us. But I know that we aren’t the only pack they know of. The ones that turned their backs on us would have told them about more than this one.” The three gods nodded. “I woke today after being in the abyss.” The two men whipped around. 
“The abyss?” Pontus came back over and crouched next to me. He grabbed a fistful of my hair and took a deep breath in. He sat back on his heels and tilted his head at me. “Interesting.” 
Uranus walked over to my other side and mimicked his brother. I felt frozen between these two large gods. “Quite interesting.” He used a finger to turn my face to look at 
search my eyes him. “Mortals can’t survive the abyss.” I watched his 
face. “What exactly are you?” His voice was soft, but I had no answer for him. 
Both men stood and walked back to their mother. They leaned over to talk to her, but she smacked both. “We can discuss this later.” She turned them to face me. “Go on.” She pulled them down to the map. 
I pointed to Silvermoon pack lands. “The humans are almost here. But I need to save every pack.” I pointed out all the others. The two men laughed at me. 
1/4 
+25 Bonus 
“You interesting godling, but you are no god And you don’t have the power to pull this off.” Pontus pointed to the packs in Canada. “How do you expect to reach here?” 
I looked up to them. “That’s why I called to you.” They froze. 
Uranus face tightened. “You called us here to use our power?” He stood up, but my hand shot out. 
“No.” I shook my head. “I’ll use my power.” I turned to Gaia. “And I hope you can allow me to pull from you as I have traded with you in the past.” She nodded once. But I called to you because even though I have the power…I think. I don’t know if I have the reach.” 
(? 
Pontus tilted his head, reminding me of the sea serpent I saw in the deep. “You want us to allow you to use us as a relay.” I nodded once. 
My eyes danced around the three. “I am connected to the earth, sky, and sea. Selene and Hecate have said that from the beginning.” I looked down at the map. “But these packs are too spread out for my power to reach them. But if you three help me.” I looked up hopefully. “Allow my power to flow through you and your dominion, then possibly I can protect my kind from the humans conducting experiments on us. The three looked at each other and then back at me. But it was Gaia who pulled the men back to my side. “How are you going to gather the power to shield these packs?” Pontus nodded. “I won’t feed your spell, but I will push it farther.” 
I looked around the clearing. “This field is covered in death. The blood has soaked into the very ground. The sacrifice of our pack members filled this field. To protect our families, or friends and our kin. I’m going to use my power and their sacrifice to fuel the spell.” I looked back to the gods. “Please help me save my people.” I bent down, placing my forehead on the ground, worshiping them as of old. “You are the only hope we have.” 
I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I pushed back up. Gaia leaned over and studied the map. “I will help you.” 
Pontus’s finger trailed over the map and all the rivers that flowed through the land. “ I will help you.” 
Uranus stared at me for a second longer, searching my face for something, and then he nodded. “I will help you.” He leaned over. “But.” My eyes met his. “One of these days I might need a favor, and no matter what it is, you will have to agree.” 
###Next D 642
Pontus jumped to his feet. “Hey.” He looked at me. “That’s not fair.” He looked back at his mother. “I didn’t know we could ask for favors.” 
I smiled. “If it is within my power, and it’s not downright evil, I would have done it anyway.” I pushed up, grabbing the map and handing it to my father. I turned back to the gods. “If any of you have need of me, I will agree as long as it follows those guidelines. Deal?” 
Gaia smiled. “You don’t have to.” 
I just smiled. “I know. Our line has worked with you for centuries. But this is extra.” She searched my 
my face. 
“Only if you are sure.” She clasped her hand in mine, and I felt the deal seal. 
“I am.” I nodded once before she pulled me in and kissed my cheek. 
“You have grown to be such a strong woman” She hugged me to her chest. “I am so proud of you.” Her voice held some emotion I couldn’t place, but her words made me 
smile. 
“Thank you for your guidance.” I pulled away, and she winked before she sank back down into the earth. The ground stopped moving, and it was like she was never there. 
But her voice rang out. “Cast your spell and I will send in along the land to protect your kin.“1 
Pontus stepped in front of me with a grin. “My mother is more sentimental than I am. But you have become the strongest godling I have met in a long time. Stronger than even Hercules. Be proud.” He held out his hand. 
I slid my hand against his cool palm, and it was wet. I jerked back, wiping the wetness on my pants, earning a laugh. “Ew.” I couldn’t stop the reaction. 
But Pontus just laughed harder. “Sorry, I couldn’t help myself. It’s not every day we get to joke around with a mortal.” 
Uranus rolled his eyes. “And everyone of us is over his childish stunts.” 
Pontus‘ grin widened. “What can I say? The deep is lonely, so when I get to come up for air, I make the most of it.” He winked, and I felt my cheeks redden. He leaned over and pecked my lips, making me jump back. His laughter filled the air. “Cast your spell, wolf. I will spread it through my waters.” He turned away but before he left, he looked over his shoulder. “And if your mate fails you in this life as well. I’m 
1/4 
26 Bonus 
not against giving a wolf a shot.” His fangs reflected the sunlight as Rowan growled, then his body dissolved through the ground in a splash of water. 
I turned to Uranus. His storm cloud eyes seemed to swirl with his power, but he just looked after his brother. “That is a first.” 
“What do you mean?” My question snapped him out of his stare. 
“He’s never mated a hum with an.” He looked at me. “Not even a godling.” He shrugged his shoulder. “I’m just surprised he offered.” He coughed. “Are you sure about our agreement?” 
I nodded. “As long as I can do it, and it’s not evil, I will agree to it.” 
Rowan stepped next to me. “And as long as it doesn’t break our mate bond.” He added. 
Uranus grinned. “Can’t add caveats now, wolf.” He held out his hand. 
I looked at Rowan for a moment. I begged him with my eyes to understand. “Rowan.” 
He looked at me with pain in his eyes. “IU just got you…what if the favor is that you become his mate?” 
Uranus looked surprised. “Oh…OH NO.” He stepped back. “Look, I am a god, not a monster. And I have a wife.” He looked away. “One I love very much.” He turned back to me. “Do we still have a deal?” 
Rowan let out a sigh of relief and nodded. I smiled and slid my hand into his. “We do.” 
Uranus pointed to the greyed–out bubble. “You will have to be out in the open for the spell to work. This bubble doesn’t allow you to connect fully to me.” He smiled as he stepped back. “Cast your spell, godling. Out in the open for all to see. I will whisk your spell to the other packs.” Then he stepped out of the bubble, and his body drifted away like smoke. 
I puffed out my cheeks. “That was…” 
“Insane.” Ronnie looked around. “I don’t know how you all are just okay that fucking gods keep showing up randomly now like this has always been normal.” He paced a little. “I’ve prayed to the Moon Goddess more times than I can count. But all of a sudden she comes and hangs out in our cells, and my niece is calling her by her first name. THIS IS NOT NORMAL.” 
My dad snorted as he patted his best friend on his shoulder. “Times are weird, my 
214 
*25 Berun 
friend.” He looked at his watch. “We have less than ten minutes before he hits our borders.‘ 
Alpha. Someone called down the mind–link 
Maybell, what’s wrong? My father called back, staring at me. 
I see a bunch of trucks flying down our road. 
Where are you? 
About a mile off our border. They are about nine miles out, driving at full running speed. They have what looks to me a mine sweeper running point. 
My dad sighed in relief. Monitor it, but stay hidden. He pointed at me. “We have to do this quickly. Once they breach our lands, hiding the pack will be impossible.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
###Next D 643
I nodded. “Is there anything to say before we drop this?” I waved at the bubble. 
No one said anything, but then my father grabbed me. “You are going to be vulnerable when you are doing this, I assume.” I nodded. 
“You are probably right.” I looked around. “This is a huge spell.” I looked at the map. “I don’t know how much power it’s going to take, or how long it will take. The faster we get this started, the better.” 
My dad nodded. “I was just thinking of the spy. The person is still on our lands, and your having to do the spell out in the open will pull them to you.” He looked around. ” We have to be on guard.” He rubbed the back of his neck, and I could see the exhaustion eating away at him. “We have all been running on fumes since before the cave–in. I just need you all to be extra alert. Amy needs to finish the spell. Or else we are all screwed.” 
One by one, everyone nodded. Once my father was sure everyone understood how serious he was, he dropped my hand. “Let’s go.” 
The bubble dropped, and we all stepped out. My chest gave a tug, and I knew where it wanted me to go. I walked away from everyone in front of the pack house to the middle of the killing field. 
The clearing’s grass, once tall, green and lush, now looked trampled. It held a rusty color that everyone knew was old blood. I heard the crackling of the fire behind me, and the sizzle of bodies being burned. 
I let all the pain and revulsion I felt have its moment. Because I knew once I started the spell my entire concentration would be on my magic. My stomach rolled when the smell hit me, and that too got its moment. 
I heard soft footsteps of people walking closer, but I closed myself off from everything happening around me. I needed to focus. I allowed my family to worry about everything else. I looked at my dad once more, and once he gave me his nod, I closed my eyes. 
I shifted my feet into claws, so I could dig into the soft grass. Then, I shifted my feet side by side until I was sunk down ankle deep into the earth. I knew I didn’t have to do it, but it just felt right. 
Before I called out to the gods, I wanted to take a few seconds to connect to the ground under me. I focused on the battle that was fought here, the lives that were lost, the blood split. I drew in a breath, and as I did, I pulled all of that power to me. 
173 
+25 Bonus 
The sacrifice of lives for protection, for family. For love. I pulled all of it to me. The power that the goddesses gave me in the abyss was already overflowing from me, and with the power in the ground, I felt my entire body buzzing. 
I took one cleansing breath, and then I started the spell. “Isla fo int ye per ta na shado.” The familiar words fell from my lips, and I pictured the first shield I ever created. The barrier protecting Carl’s grave glowed with a soft blue. I focused on our pack lands first. “Yi ka dum.” The second part of the spell I used to expand it over the cabin. The spell I created to protect my family. Carly’s face sprang to my mind, and I smiled. I was protecting not only my pup. My mate. I was also protecting all the packs across North America. But a simple expansion wasn’t going to do what I needed. “Orsha do ni ki por darla.” I felt my connection to the earth ripple, and I gasped when I felt the ground shift under me. It was waking up with my magic. 
Keep going godling. Gaia’s voice was a strong, comforting presence. I drew more power to me, and I drank the spilled blood around me. I needed every drop to do what I came here to do. 
“Ift sa cor ni keita bleg shorn cova.” I felt my power slam into the ground. The soil under my feet became soft. I sank into the ground until I was running through it. I ran deep, Gaia running beside me. Her laughter egged me on to go faster. We ran deeper and deeper until we exploded out the other side. Darkness was replaced by a blinding light. 
Still, she tugged me. Come deeper. Feel my center. See the beginning and the end of me, godling. She turned with a stunning smile, and I felt like I was drunk on the power coursing through me. I spun in the center of the world, hot red lava swirling around me, and I felt no heat, no pain, just power. Once we were at the center, she spun me in a circle. Now focus on the packs on the map you showed me. 
I nodded. “Gaia, mother of all, please hear my call. Send my power to protect those who cannot protect themselves.” I heard myself scream, and I felt the power rush out of me towards the packs. 
That’s one. Two to go. Gaia pushed me upwards, out of her core. Finish the spell, Godling, before it is too late. 
D 
Comments 
###Next D 644
Chapter 644 
I stumbled as I burst back through the ground, my eyes flying open, and gasped for air. My father frowned at my reaction, and I could tell he wanted to ask, but I couldn’t stop. I waved him off before I took a cleansing breath before I started the 
next part. 
Pontus, I needed to connect to him. 
I focused on the water running under my feet, hidden deep in the earth. I closed my eyes and focused on the crash of waves outside the cabin. The mist that sprayed my face whenever I stepped to the edge with the vast sea under foot, the hidden veins of the world untouched by man. “Nei tok lo sin kipa.” I stretched my arms wide, flinging my power like water droplets from my hand. My power dropped through the ground, and I felt the water bubble up to meet me. Water flowed around my ankles, my knees, and I felt it rise higher. I pictured a shield over the entire pack land, and impenetrability shield that would allow us to move freely, but would repel humans.” Tosh hi fic nedit kan ya.” Water rushed over my head, and my chest tightened. I started swimming, trying to find a way out so I could catch a breath, but I was stuck following the current that would eventually push me out to sea. 
The cool water rushed around me, a whirlpool of dark water; it felt like a water slide. I laughed as the water pulled me along. I was swept away with the joy of the dark water until I saw a shape in the distance once again. I dove, swimming away from the god chasing me. I felt his shape cut through the water, and I twirled, rolling my body down his. 
He spun and swam back towards me. The game of chase seemed to surprise him. Pontus’s deep laughter chased me, his serpent body swam in a circle around me, until I grabbed onto a fin he was offering. Take it. His voice filled with laughter. I need to show you something. Then we were off. 
He swam down; the fresh water around us turned salty, and the pressure increased. Still, I held my breath. My lungs were screaming at me, and I was terrified I was going to pass out. Breath godling. My domain is no threat to you. His voice was joyful. He wanted to share his domain with me. It has been so long since I could play like this. Come see my center. 
I took a second before I tried to take a breath. Water rushed into my lungs, and I panicked for a second, but then I realized it took the urge for air away. OI took in another lungful of water, and I felt water feed oxygen into my cells. I’m not dead. I sounded surprised. 
He laughed again and then swam faster; the darkness became absolute the farther 
1/3 
26 Bonus 
we went down. Still, he swam deeper, Look. At his voice, light sprang to life and I gasped. His center was deep in a trench, the leepest part of the ocean. Creatures never seen before swam around us. The pulsing heart of coral, deep down at the bottom, was pure white, and beautiful. I reached out a hand and wrapped it around the closest branch. He shivered. Focus on your packs, godling, before your touch distracts me enough I might fight your mate for you. 
I felt my mouth drop open, but I shook myself and closed my eyes. “Pontus, father of the sea, please hear my call. Allow my power to flow through you to the packs I need to shield and shelter from those who want to harm them.” I felt my power ripple out and rush through the water. My fingers slipped from the coral and Pontus spun me in a circle, sending me flowing through a current back to my pack lands. 
I swam through the water and exploded back onto the ground, and I felt myself fall. I caught myself on my hands, panting as I caught my breath. I felt water soaking my clothes, and I opened my eyes to see my father dropping to the ground. His face met mine, and I just nodded. I gave him a thumbs up as I took another minute. 
I pushed myself back up onto my feet. My power still coursed through me, and I pulled the last of the power from the ground. The blood that had once coated each blade of grass had disappeared. I had pulled it all out for the spell. 
I spun in a circle, and I caught the moment when guards burst through the trees. They ran straight for my father, probably to inform him about the convoy almost at our door. Cass was among them, running straight towards us. 
Focus on the spell. Call my brother. Pontus’s voice held a hint of amusement. You have no time to collect yourself. The humans are almost here. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
Comments 
Support 
Share 
X 
get it 
###Next D 645
Chapter 645 
+25 BONUS 
I closed my eyes as some murmuring started. Uranus was next. I took in a breath and I focused on the air filling my lungs. The life–saving grace of oxygen flowed through my body, nurturing my cells, and feeding my muscles. I felt the breeze flow through my hair, the swish of leaves blowing in the wind. 
“What it she doing?” Cass’s voice was loud enough to catch my ear, but my mother hushed her. 
“Amy is trying to save us.” My mother’s voice was low but annoyed. “Now hush. Don’t distract her.” 
I watched with amused distraction. Lynn came running from the house, clutching something, but I felt the tug in my chest once more and knew it was a warning. I needed to finish this. 
I raised my arms. Refocusing on Uranus. I pictured his giant form flying through the sky, using updrafts to fly higher and higher. 
Call my last son. You are cutting it too close. Gaia called to me. 
“Sen ta cun di for ple shorn.” I called out, and I felt my power rush to my fingertips. The wind picked up, and I stood strong against the gales battering my body. I sent my power flying out into the sky, joining with the wind, dancing through the air. Small cyclones of wind and power whipped around me, pulling my power from my fingertips and sucking it up into the sky. “Piven din clo verta dom si vil.” The small dust devils that were around me converged. The tiny power vortexes turned into a cyclone. I felt my feet leave the ground, my body being sucked up into the spinning power vacuum. 
I tried to breathe, but the air was sucked from my lungs. The pressure in the spinning tower was crushing, but even when I wanted to panic, I knew I was safe. 
Spread your arms. Uranus’s voice was deep. He chuckled, and it sounded like thunder. Lightning flashed around me, and I should have been afraid of that too, but I felt safe inside this storm. Fly with me, godling. Feel the wind beneath your wings. The power that comes from lording over the sky. 
I opened my arms wide. And I felt foolish. I had no wings. Uranus chuckled again, sending more lightning dancing. 
Says who? His voice was coming from above, and I looked up through the spinning dirt and debris our tornado pulled from the ground. Above it all, Uranus’s thunderbird form flew in a circle, urging the cyclone to spin faster and faster. Come, godling, fly with me, be free with me. Fly to my center and feel what it is like to be truly free. 
I opened my arms again and pushed down, like a bird would, and I shot out of the side of the cyclone into the center. The peaceful center was discombobulating compared to the crushing weight of the tornado’s wall. I shot up and out of the storm, meeting the god above it all, and I took my first clear breath since the storm started. 
I looked down. Wow. He laughed again, sending lightning dancing through the clouds. I stared down at the pack lands, and I could see the gathering people. I saw Lynn halfway to us frozen. Why isn’t she moving? I nodded to 
Lynn. 
Time is frozen when you are with us. His voice was amused. Come godling. He spiraled away, and I followed. 
Is this real? My question had Uranus looking back. 
Reality is relative, isn’t it? He flew faster, pulling me along as we coasted through the air. What you experience and what they experience are different. He looked down to the group. Does it make it any less real? Yes, they are watching you on the ground right now, but are you not with me, flying through the air? Is this not real to you? 
I guess you’re right. I flew faster trying to catch him, and he laughed. 
Come godling. His power pulled me, and together we flew towards a cloud. 
Chapter 645 
+25 BONUS 
Is this your center? I stared in awe. The cloud was situated so high in the sky that the blue sky was gone. The night sky, studying with diamond stars, hung over his domain. It’s breathtaking. 
I needed a place worthy of my wife to rest. His voice held a hint of pride. Now. Focus on the land, and the people you need to protect. 
I nodded and dove into the cloud. The cloud was pillowy as I landed. I sighed as I sank hip–deep into the soft white layer. I closed my eyes and pictured the map, and all the wolves I needed to save. “Uranus, father of the sky, please hear my call.” I pulled the remaining power to myself. I knew I would be spent after I closed this spell. “Blow my power to the packs and allow sight to pass over them as if they weren’t there.” My power whipped out of me like a hurricane, spinning off across the land, to help seal the spell. 
Uranus pulled me from the cloud and created a jet stream to send me back. He called after me as I spiraled away. Once you land quickly seal the spell so that your kin are safe. Be strong, godling. 
Alicia S. Rivers author 
I just wanted to say I love you all. Please don’t hate me. XOX Alicia 
90 
###Next D 646
Chapter 646 
I landed back on my knees, my curly hair a nest of tangles, and my father wide–eyed a few feet away. Everyone around was staring at me as I struggled to breathe. “Are you okay?” My father tried to reach for me but I waved him off. I needed to finish the spell, or all of this would have been for nothing. I pushed up, getting to my shaking feet, and took a breath. “Baby?” My father watched me from his knees, worry and awe etched on his face, but I held up a finger. 
“Alpha!” Lynn screamed, causing everyone to turn, but I needed to seal the spell. 
I raised my arms and pulled the last of my power to me. I closed my eyes as I gathered everything I had left. My wolves lay exhausted in the clearing, having given everything we had for this moment. “Sentra seal clin tre god forma exh cka.” I felt the words leave my lips, and my power whipped from me. 
Finish it. Gaia screamed. 
You have to seal it. Pontus cried. 
You are out of time. Uranus bellowed. 
“No!” Someone screamed, and my eyes flew open. Then everything moved in slow motion. 
Cass was running towards me, her face a mask of hatred and death. I couldn’t understand what she was doing, but I had no time. 
“Pota cint kor shin fi na tur din she kona.” I screamed the words. 
Lynn screamed. “Amy!” Everyone turned and stared in horror as the knife in Cass’s hand came down. She stabbed at my heart, and I couldn’t move. I couldn’t fight. I closed my eyes in acceptance. 
“FORITUNA.” I screamed the last word. The spell was sealed. The power ripped from my chest in one agonizing second, and my eyes flew open. 
I watched as the knife slid home. 
Rowan was standing in front of me, eyes full of love, as the knife came through his chest. Blood splattered across my face, and he smiled. “I love you.” His words made me shake my head. It made no sense. 
This entire thing made zero sense. 
Cass screamed. “No!” Her eyes blazed as she ripped the knife from Rowan’s chest and stabbed again. “It’s supposed to be you!” Her face rippled. 
My hand snapped out and wrapped around her neck. I used my other hand to take the blade and threw it away. My eyes blazing as I felt Rowan’s body sag against mine. “I give you everything I have.” His whispered words had a sob breaking from my lips. Then, I felt a surge of power flow into me. 
“Why?” I choked out. I couldn’t tell if I was asking my mate or my best friend. “WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS?” I screamed as people finally started moving. I bared my teeth as Cass started laughing. “You are my best fucking friend. Why would you do this to me? To us?” My heart shattered the moment the knife sank into his heart. 
“You are fucking pathetic.” Cass’s face shifted again. Her blonde hair shifted to a different shade. Familiar eyes turned cold, and her full lips thinned. I let out a choking noise, and she grinned. “Did you really think she fucking survived?” 
Greyson dropped to his knees, and Lynn finally made it to us. “Oh, Goddess.” Her face paled as she saw what was going on. Greyson realized that the woman he had been taking care of, loving, wasn’t his mate. The heartbroken 
1/2 
Chapter 646 
+25 BONUS 
scream that exploded from him was deafening. 
“Where’s my mate?” The question was like a bomb, but she ignored him. Like he was nothing. 
“Aurora.” I choked on the name and she grinned. She fucking grinned like this was exactly the reaction she craved. 
“The one and only.” She leaned into Rowan’s back, bringing her face next to mine. “I killed your best friend and now I’ve killed your mate.” She pulled back and looked around maniacally. “The humans will be here in less than a minute. This entire pack is dead. I can’t wait to watch.” 
I felt my lips tremble as I clutched Rowan to my chest. The rattling in his lungs told me enough. I ignored the woman in my hand for a second as I looked down at his face pressed against me. “You’re going to be fine.” I rubbed his back; his eyes flicked up, and all I saw was his acceptance. He was okay with this. 1 
He smiled, blood coating his teeth. “I saved you.” He laughed and then grimaced. “I can die a happy man knowing I saved you.” He coughed. “You have been the best thing that has ever happened to me. I would have waited forever for you. And if this life wasn’t long enough, I would have found you in the next.” He closed his eyes as he slid to his knees. “I will always find you in the next life.” 
I clutched him to my chest. “Baby?” I choked. “Baby?” 
###Next D 647
Chapter 647 
Aurora laughed. “He saved nothing.” She tried to pull away, but I tightened my hand without looking at her. My eyes searched Rowan’s face, and my stomach dropped. His breathing was slower. My chest was soaked with something I don’t want to think about, but I already knew it was his blood coating my skin. 
I turned to Aurora, and her smile made me growl. “That spell I just finished.” Her eyes snapped to mine. “The one you tried so desperately to stop. It will shield ALL of the packs across the country, not just this one. The humans won’t be able to get on our pack lands, never mind see us. You failed.” I screamed at her, tightening my hand on her throat, causing her to struggle for air. “You failed.” 
She choked, hands prying at my fingers, and then laughed. The craziness in her eyes came blazing back. “You can only save the packs, but your mate…your mate is dead.” She hit his back, and Rowan barely moved, let alone reacted. “So I guess I didn’t completely fail.” She grinned, and I lost it. 
A spell popped into my mind from the burning depths of my mind, a spell so dark I never thought I would speak it. Both my wolves were crying, howling at the moon for their lost mate, as I considered it. Do it. Nix’s voice was broken. She deserves it. 
Megan nodded. She deserves every fucking moment of it, and it still wouldn’t be enough. 
“Cort a dev kuva.” I gritted out each word, and Aurora’s eyes grew wide. She knew the spell. 
“No.” She shook her head. “You can’t.” She clawed at my hand, nails scratching at my skin, but I shifted my hand into my claws and dug in. She cried out, and I smiled. 
“Kintashen.” I screamed the last word of the spell, then I pushed all the power that Rowan had gifted me into it. ” May the goddess have more mercy on your wolfs soul than I have on yours.” 
Aurora’s eyes bulged. Then her skin rippled. Her body started to expand, ever so slightly, as every molecule in her body exploded. The spell, designed for its horrendous pain, took over. Every atom that made up her body grew bigger and bigger, swelling with the power I fed it. Her skin rippled with energy and blood. 
And then the screams started. 
Aurora’s body swelled, like it was a sponge sucking in water, but in reality it was each of her cells sucking up my power. And it was excruciating. Atoms grew to the size of sand grains, then poppy seeds. Her body was ripping itself apart down to the molecule, and there was no way to stop it. She was kept alive by the spell until her entire body ripped itself to shreds from the inside out, and then her skin gave way. Her blood flew through the sky and dappled everything in the way. What was less than a minute for me was years to her, the spell designed to trap her soul inside the pain for her to relive until the retribution was complete. 
Aurora was mist, but her screams would haunt everyone in the clearing. 
Rowan’s body crumpled, and I followed him to the ground, my hands fluttering around him. I didn’t know how to help him, how to save him. “Goddess, please help me.” I begged as I stared at my mate. “You’re going to be fine.” I wiped the speckles off his face as I laid him down. I grabbed his face in my hands and tried my best to hold him without causing him pain. “You are going to be okay. You are going to be healed, and then we are going to have our son.” I murmured again as footsteps flew towards us, and I heard a choked sob fly from someone’s lips. 
But Rowan just smiled as he lifted his hand to my stomach, my hand covering his, pressing it against our pup. Take care of your momma, pup.” He coughed another mouthful of blood up; a trickle fell down his cheek. “She is going to need your strength.” His eyes moved to mine. “I’m sorry I won’t be able to see him grow up.” I sobbed as I shook my head. 
“No.” I shook my head again. “You are going to be fine. He needs his father.” My hand grabbed her cheek, and I 
<< 
1/2 
Chapter 647 
+25 BONUS 
watched as his eyes shifted to Erubus’s. “Please.” I begged him. I begged the gods, anyone that would listen. “You aren’t allowed to die on me.” I felt my lips tremble as I leaned over him, pressing my face against his. “We are supposed to grow old together.” I looked up as someone sank next to us. My red–rimmed eyes met my mom’s, and I shook my head. “Mom. Help us.” 
She stared at me, and her eyes filled with pain. “I can’t.” She lifted her hand to touch me, but I jerked away and screamed. 
“Daddy.” I turned to my dad. “Please. Help me save him.” Tears carved rivers down my face. 
“Kiss me.” Rowan’s voice pulled me back to him. He tried to lift his hand to my face, but it fell. I shook my head as I wept. “Please.” I felt a choking sob break through my lips as I bent over and kissed his lips. I kissed him with all the love I could muster. “Tell…me…you…love…me.” He smiled again as my tears fell onto his face. “I want it to be …the last thing I hear.” I watched as the light started to fade from his eyes. 
“I love you.” I choked out. And then the light dimmed, and I felt his soul take flight. The bridge between us grew thin. “Rowan.” I shook him. But there was nothing. His eyes stayed on me, but there was no spark, no light. Rowan, please.” I felt arms slide around me to pull me away, but I shook them off. I screamed. I screamed my pain, and all of my love ripped from me in one final roar. “RRROOOOWWWAAAANNNN.” (12) 
2/2 
###Next D 648
Chapter 648 
I collapsed against his chest. A chest that no longer rose. “Baby.” My mother’s choked voice called to me, but I shook my head. I felt her hands tug at me, and I shook her off again. 
“NO!” I screamed. I sat back and stared at everyone staring at me with pity in their eyes. “No.” I shook my head. My chin trembled as I threaded my fingers through Rowan’s. “How is this fair?” I slapped the tears on my face away. I turned to my father. “I did everything I was supposed to do. Everything you made me do.” I felt anger build in my chest. “I listened to you while you puppeteered from behind the scenes.” 
“Ladybug.” He tried to step close, but I glared at him. 
“I wasted three years with my fucking mate because of you.” A sob broke free. I felt like I was choking on all the pain. “Three years.” I turned back to Rowan. My hand cupped his cheek. “Goddess, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have listened.” I collapsed against his chest again. “I shouldn’t have listened to you.” 
“Baby.” My mother’s hand trailed up my back. But I could hear the reproach in her voice, and that pissed me off 
more. 
I turned on her. “You think I’m being mean. That he doesn’t deserve my anger?” I could see it in her eyes that I was right. “You still have a mate that you get to love. Get to have more pups if that’s what you choose. Yes, I know these last twenty years have been horrible, but he is still alive. Still here. You don’t get to condemn me because I’m angry that my fucking mate died.” She reeled back as if I had hit her. “I gave everything for this fucking world. I lost my first pup. I fucking died, only to come back and lose everything.” My hand clutched at my stomach. “You don’t get to be mad. You don’t get to look at me like that. Not when I spent years sacrificing everything for this moment.” I turned away from her. 
“That’s not-” She tried to fight, but I whipped back around. 
“That’s exactly what you were doing.” I bared my teeth at her, tears still coursing down my face. “You might be fine with him pulling your strings, but I’m not. Not when it cost me three years of love. Three years of safety. Three years of happiness. You don’t get to fucking play like he’s the greatest man alive when my mate is growing cold at my feet.” She stumbled away from me. 
Good. Fuck them. Fuck everyone. 
“My sweet girl.” Her voice trembled as she slid next to me. 
“Grandma.” My voice caught. I turned to her, my voice horse. “He’s gone.” 
She pulled me into her arms, and I broke. My tears came faster. Sobs were ripped from my chest. “It’s okay, my love.” She tightened her arms around me. Her hand tracing circles against me. 
I pulled back, stunned. “How?” 
She smiled at me as she wiped the tears from my face. “I called in a favor.” 
“I can’t lose him.” My hand tightened in his. I heard tiny footsteps, but I wasn’t fast enough. 
“DADDY RO!” Carly’s broken sob had my head dropping. I watched my tears land on my grandmother’s dress as Carly dove against Rowan’s chest. “No.” 
I had to take a moment before I turned to her. “Sweetheart.” I stumbled over the word. I turned to her, and she looked up at me with broken eyes. 
“He can’t be gone.” She shook her head, sending her little pigtails flying. “He promised to teach me how to ride a bike.” Her little hands wrapped in his blood–soaked shirt. “He promised to teach me how to fight. I wanted to 
1/2 
Chapter 639 
+25 BONUS 
protect you. He said we would protect you together.” 
I licked my trembling lips as I tried to think of something to say. “I know.” I blew out a breath. “He did protect me. He protected everyone.” I closed my eyes, and I heard others start to break. 
“Amy.” Wendy and Toya stepped out of the crowd. 
I looked up at my friends, and I shook my head. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now.” 
My dad dropped to his knees. “Baby, please.” He crawled towards Rowan. “Forgive me.” 
“STOP!” I screamed at him. “I might learn how to forgive you, but it’s not going to be today.” I leaned against my grandmother. “I know I’m not thinking clearly. And that hating you isn’t fair, but it’s all I have left.” He paled. “I have nothing left. I have nothing but this hate burning inside of me, and if I didn’t have Carly, or if I knew that the spell I just created would hold after I died, I would join him. But I don’t know, and I am not selfish enough to condemn thousands of souls to torture or worse at the hands of humans.” I looked down at my mate. “So you will have to forgive me when I say this. But the only thing keeping me on this earth is the burning hatred I have for you right now. The fact that you repeatedly kept me away from my goddess–given mate for your own agenda has created a red–hot hatred that I am going to allow to burn until I remember what it’s like to survive again.” 
2/2 
###Next D 649
“Amy.” My mother admonished me, but I ignored her. 
I stood on shaky legs and stepped over my mate. My dad’s eyes stayed on me, and that pissed me off. “Look at him.” I growled, pointing at Rowan’s body. My father shook his head, tears falling down his cheeks. “I SAID LOOK AT HIM!” I screamed as I stomped over to him. Instead of listening to me, his eyes followed me. 
“Amy…please.” He tried to grab my hand, but I grabbed him by the throat. I pulled him to his feet while people around me started to yell. 
Uncle Ronnie came to my side. “Amy, ladybug, you can’t kill your dad. When the anger fades, you will hate yourself.” He was the only smart one. 
I turned to him with a sad smile. “I know Uncle Ronnie. I’m not trying to kill him.” I felt the edges of my smile quiver. “I just need him to see what he’s done.” I swung around, pulling my father with me. I forced his head down to look at Rowan’s body. “Do you see him?” Fresh, hot tears cut rivers down my bloodstained cheeks.” Aurora stabbed him in his heart, but you are at fault.” 
He shook his head. “No.” He tried to deny it. I released him, and he stumbled back a step. “I didn’t do this.” 
“Let’s tick off everything you did wrong that caused my mate’s death.” I lifted one finger. “You chased your mate away because you thought you knew better.” I lifted another. “Then in your own anger you allowed your pack to fester, having unranked members bully others. You allowed Aurora into your pack without vetting her. You allowed her to run free and torment weaker members. You allowed her close enough to put a spell on you.” I waved my hand in his face, all five fingers up. “And I’m not even done listing.” He shook his head, denying it, and something inside my chest snapped. I balled my fist and struck. I had never hit my father with my full power until this moment, and when his head snapped to the side, I felt nothing. Not relief, not anger, I felt nothing towards the man I knew deep down I still loved. I turned away as my mother screamed, but my dad grabbed my hand. 
“I’m sorry.” His words were soft. “I deserved that.” I looked at him, and I could see in his eyes that he wasn’t mad. His eyes were filled with regret. 
“Gavin.” My mom tried to argue, but he shook his head. 
“She’s right, Ainsley.” He looked at me and slowly let go. “I deserved it. I deserved much more than that.” 
I walked back over to my mate, and I dropped beside him. There was something I needed to know before I made my final decision. “Grandma…” She must have heard something in my voice because she shook her head. 
“No.” She refused to meet my eyes. 
“Please.” I grabbed her hand. “I need to know.” She shook her head. 
But it was Toya who dropped down across from me, grabbing Carly. “Amy, you can’t.” 
I turned to her, and I struggled to find the words. “I know you all would watch over her.” I bit my lip as I turned back to my grandmother. “Can the spell survive if I die?” 
My grandmother stared at me for a few seconds, silver tears falling from her cheeks. “I don’t know.” 
“Then who would?” I squeezed her hand. 
She gripped my hand back. “The goddesses, maybe. Or the gods you bound the spell with.” I nodded once and closed my eyes. 
“Am 
hid you from taking your own life.” My mother snarled. 
1/2 
Chople 640 
+25 BONUS 
I opened my eyes, and she reeled back. “You don’t get to tell me what to do anymore.” 
She stammered. “I’m your mother.” 
“AND I’M YOUR QUEEN.” I screamed, my pain and anger rearing its head. The group surrounding us went quiet. I am not asking your permission to do anything.” 1 glared at her. “You may be my mother, but you are not blameless here. You knew.” She stumbled against my father’s chest. “I am not stupid enough to believe that once you and Daddy started talking again that he didn’t come clean to you. That’s why you wanted me to read the letters. That’s why you were pushing me to forgive Rowan. Not because you liked him, but because you were trying to undue all the damage your mate caused me. Your child.” I snarled again, Nix and Megan’s anger twirling with mine. “Now you will forgive me as I fucking ignore what you want.” I closed my eyes. “Selene…Hecate…I know you are watching. I have given you everything I had. I have given you two lives. I have devoted myself to following everything you have asked.” I took a moment to swallow my pain. Carly’s tiny hand slid into mine, and I failed. A sob broke free. “I just want to know.” I looked down at Carly, and she smiled. 
“It’s okay momma. I understand.” She smiled as her eyes grew red and tears fell. “You will visit with Daddy still right?” She understood. This little girl who had lost everything was understanding my pain, but my own selfish parents couldn’t. 
“I don’t know.” Selene’s voice was soft. 
“You made the spell with other gods. So we would need to check with them, but if the spell was with me, the answer would be no. The spell would fail as soon as your souls took flight.” Hecate’s voice was matter of fact, but when I looked at her, I saw black–tinted tear tracks on her face. 
“You’re crying.” I sounded surprised. 
“You’re my daughter, and you are in pain. Of course I’m crying.” She gave me a sad smile. Her words were meant to support me, but they just made me realize the difference. 
I turned to glare at my mother. I pointed to the goddess. “This is what love looks like when you don’t taint it with your own agenda.” 1 
###Next D 650
Both of my parents looked like I had stabbed thein. They dropped to the ground with their arms hanging at their sides. “Amy…” They both raised a hand to reach for me but I turned back to the Goddesses. 
“Did you know?” My question was cold. 
But both shook their heads. Selene dropped to her knees first. “I cannot see the future. I can only see when things take a turn. I have given everything I could to support you. To save you from your last fate.” She turned to Rowan and ran a hand down his head. “I didn’t want this outcome.” 
“Bring him back.” I winced at the command in my voice. “I’m sorry.” I looked up and met her stare. “Please. I’ll do anything. Bring him back, or let me go.” My hand gripped my chest as what was left of my heart throbbed in pain. 
Selene cupped my face. “I can’t.” She kissed my brow as a whigmper slipped from my lips. She stood and moved back, Hecate taking her spot. 
She lifted my face and kissed my brow too. “Let’s see if the spell will survive without you first. Then we can see what our options are.” She shifted to the Maiden, and I saw sorrow matching my own mirrored back at me. “I’m sorry you have to go through this pain.” 
I nodded. “Me too.” I smiled, but it was broken, just like me. 
Hecate looked at Selene, who just nodded. “Gaia, Pontus, Uranus, we have need of you.” Selene’s voice was powerful as she shouted the call. I felt the ripple go out, calling the gods to us. 
One by one they came to us. The ground bubbled, and Gaia stepped out. She looked around and her gaze fell on me and my dead mate. “I’m sorry, my love.” She walked over to Selene. “Why did you call?” 
A column of water shot out of the ground like a fountain, and Pontus stepped out. His gaze snapped to mine, and he tilted his head. “I said I was interested in you one time and your mate dies…” He smiled, but there was none of his earlier cockiness. His gaze swept over everyone, and he shook his head. “I like you on your knees less than I thought I would, little wolf.” He walked next to Gaia and turned to Selene. “You called?” 
Thunder rumbled is the distance, and a bolt of lightning cracked across the clear sky. A soft thumping could be heard, then a loud whistle that had everyone looking at us. A missile aimed directly at us slammed into the ground. Uranus pushed up from his knee, eyes fully on Rowan. He stared for a long moment before he turned to me. “Godling, what can I do?” 
And just like that, the tears started again. I threaded my fingers into Rowan’s and pulled his cooling hand to my chest. “Help me save him.” I stared at my mate for a second. His smile came to my mind, and I wept. It took me a minute to gather myself before I looked back at the five gods. “I did everything you wanted. I saved them. All of your creations are safe. I will help Carly bring home the lycans. I will spend the rest of my life worshipping all of you. Just help me bring him back.” I dropped his hand and shuffled over to the gods. Then I bowed, placing my head against the ground. “I will do whatever you need from me, as long as it is within my power, and it’s evil. Just bring my mate back.” I lifted back up to stare up at all the gods. “Please.” My lips quivered, and I had to bite them to stop it. 1 
I knew I sounded broken. I was begging the gods to bring someone back from the dead. I turned to Selene. “You did it for Kane.” I turned to Rowan. 
“I gave Kane a different soul to bring him back.” Selene’s gentle voice cracked. “Rowan already has two.” Selene shook her head. 
“I have three…can’t you make him like me?” I begged, but she shook her head. 
1/2 
Choker 850 
+25 BONUS 
“I can’t. You are special.” Selene looked away, and a silvered tear trembled on her eyelashes. I felt it all slipping away. I nodded once. The bridge between mine and Rowan’s souls was starting to splinter. Nix and Megan ran towards it, and I made my decision. 
I turned to the other gods. “Can the spell I made protecting the packs survive if I die?” 
Gaia gasped. “Amy, no.” She shook her head. 
Pontus and Uranus looked at each other before they crouched. Pontus reached for one of my hands, and Uranus grabbed the other. Pontus spoke first. “Your power and the sacrifice of life on these grounds are the fuel for the shields. If you die, the power fades with you.” 
“We aren’t allowed to interfere. Once your power fades, the shields will fail, and your kind will be at the hands of the humans.” He tried to deliver the news as softly as he could, but I knew with the thunder he was feeling my pain. 
I screamed, and lightning flashed in the sky. Gaia sighed. “Uranus, keep a better hold on your power.” He cut her a look I didn’t have the energy to discern. 
“Is there any way that we could pull them to this pack and have my father take over powering the shield?” I looked at the two men with the last shred of hope. But they shook their heads. “So you are all telling me I have to live without my mate for the rest of my life just to keep everyone else safe?” The truth ripped out the last remaining ember of hope I had. 
There was a soft cough. “Well…there may be one way.” 
###Next D 651
Everyone turned to Carly to see her eyes glassy white. “Oracle.” Hecate bowed her head. 
“Mother.” Carly’s tiny face smiled. “It has been a long time.” 
Hecate nodded as her lips turned up. “How has Selene been treating you?” 
Carly grinned. “You saved me a lot of pain taking me from Apollo.” She bowed her tiny body. “I never got to thank you properly.” She sat back up and turned to me. “But I think now I can.” 
“What do you mean?” I focused on my pup, but I felt nothing. All my love was dead along with my mate. The guilt hit after my realization. Carly deserved better than what I could give her. 
She tilted her head. “You are feeling guilty. But you don’t need to. You are stronger than you feel at this moment. Even if your mate stayed with the goddess, you would still do right by this pup.” She nodded to me. “You still have a lot of love; you just don’t feel it right now.” She turned back to the gods. “We still might be able to save the King.” 
Selene dropped to her knees. “Shaman, are you 
sure?” 
Carly nodded. “You have dominion over the wolf souls, and death.” She waited for Selene to nod. “You could bring back his soul.” Selene nodded again. 
I gasped, but the Goddess turned to me. “I could bring his soul back, and while I have some ability, I cann’t bring him back to life. Erubus’s soul would just be trapped in the body.” 
I gasped and shook my head. “No.” I turned to Carly. “He doesn’t deserve that kind of afterlife.” 
Carly smiled. “Nor would I ask that of him. Or you.” She turned to Gaia. “Call Hades.” 
Gaia frowned. “Why would you call him?” 
“Because Selene has domain over the soul of the wolf. But Hades has domain over human souls and their bodies.” She turned to me. “You have to convince him to help you.” 
I felt my mouth fall open. “I don’t know what I could give him to get him to agree. 
Gaia sighed. “He is fickle and arrogant.” She blew out a breath. “Hades, I have need of you.” Another ripple went out with the call, and I felt something ripple in my soul. 
I gasped as I saw a dark shadow ripple from the ground. A pale man with dark hair and a trimmed beard stepped out. He was in a three–piece suit, which, compared to the other gods, seemed wildly out of place. He tugged at his shirt cuff as he surveyed the clearing. “Grandmother.” He turned to Gaia. “You called for me?” 
She nodded once. Her green lush skin rippled with a yellow hue, as if just being near the god of the underworld took some of her lushness away. “I did.” 
He turned to Rowan. “I just saw this man.” I gasped. 
“Is he okay?” I shuffled towards his feet. “Is he safe?” I raised a hand without thinking and grabbed his pant leg. As soon as I touched him, I gasped. Something resonated with the god in front of me, and he lifted a brow. 
Hades stepped back, tugging his leg out of my grasp, before he crouched in front of me. He used a finger to tip my head up, and he tilted his head as his gaze swept over my face. “Interesting.“. He stared at me for another moment before his eyes flicked to Rowan’s body. “Rowan is safe. His soul was granted passage into the fields as he had spent his life sacrificing for his people. He was a good man, and a good king.” A whine slipped from my lips, and 
1/3 
Chapter 651 
ONUS 
his eyes snapped back to mine. “You are a wolf?” I nodded. “And a Lycan?” I nodded again. His eye Hecate’s. “And she is one of yours?” Hecate nodded this time. “Very interesting.” He finally dropped may face and stood. “Why did you call?” He turned to Gaia, but she was staring at me. 
“It was for me.” I murmured. He turned back to me and waited. I searched for the words, my eyes landing on my twisted hands. “I wish I had the ability to explain everything. But time is running out. My tether to Rowan’s soul is fracturing, and I know that once it does, he will be lost to me.” I looked back up at Hades. “You owe me nothing. I know this. But I beg you. Please. Bring him back to me.” He scoffed, but I grabbed for him again, and a shock ran up my arm. “I will do whatever you want as long as it isn’t evil, and it is within my power. Take me instead if you have to. But please bring back my mate.” I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “I have lived two lives, and in all this time, I just found him.” I tugged at his pants. “Please, just give him back to me. You said it yourself. He was a good man, and a good king. Without him, we won’t survive.” 
He crouched again, his finger finding my chin, his black eyes searching my face. “You can’t trade your life for his.” “Why not?” I grabbed his hand, and another shock rippled through me. 
“Because you can’t trade five souls for two.” A gasp went through the crowd. “You have three souls, and your pup has two. It would be an unfair trade.” 
My hand shot to my stomach, and I heard my mother sob. 
“She’s pregnant?” My mother’s choked question was soft, but I ignored her. 
“What can I do?” I pleaded. 
He stared at me. “The trade had to be fair, and freely given.” 
“Then take me.‘ 
###Next D 652
My head whipped around, and my eyes fell on Lynn. She shuffled towards me, pushing past everyone else, and dropped down next to me. “I have only my soul, and my wolf.” She refused to meet my eyes. She was fully focused on Hades. “Is that a fair enough trade?” 
“Lynn.” I reached out to her. “Why?” 
She turned to me to hush me. Hades smirked. “Are you both willing?” He tilted his head. “I need to hear it from both of you.” 
Lynn nodded. “I, Lynn Wetherstone, agree to the trade.” Megan whined, and it slipped from my lips. 
Why is she giving up her life? Megan hovered at the edge of the trees, torn. I knew Nix, and she was feeding power to the tether, trying to keep it alive, but they were losing. 
I don’t know. I answered my wolf inside my head. 
Lynn’s eyes shifted to a burning copper, and her eyes turned to me. “I, Kona, agree to the trade.” 
Another whimper broke free. “Kona…why?” 
(( 
She smiled. “Lynn won’t say it, but I will.” Kona turned to me and grabbed my free hand. “Because she is broken. We are both broken. In a fundamental way that we are both sure will never fully heal.” Her eyes dimmed, and she allowed me to see inside her. All the pain, the hollowness that she had been hiding. My hand tightened in hers. We could go on. We could try to live without that fundamental piece of ourselves. Or…” She leaned in to me and kissed my cheek. “We can do this.” 
I watched her eyes change back to Lynn’s. “You said you were getting better.” I managed to get out. My heart broke even more. I cupped her face. “This is my fault. I should have saved you sooner.” 
She shook her head as she smiled. “You did everything you could for me, Amy.” She leaned into my hand. “You gave me space when I needed it, a safe space to process everything. And you listened.” She closed her eyes. “But more importantly…” She sighed. “You gave me my revenge.” Her eyes snapped open. “I’ve don needed to do. Let me do this for you.” 
“I don’t want to lose you either.” I shook my head as I leaned my forehead against hers. 
” 
rything I 
“You have to lose someone. You heard the man.” Hades chuckled softly. “A soul for a soul. My soul for Rowan’s and Kona’s for Erubus’s.” She turned to Selene. “Would that be a fair trade?” I felt hope bubble up, but I pushed it away. Either way I looked at this, I was losing someone I loved. 
Selene looked at Hades. “It would be for me.” 
Hades stared at Lynn for a moment then he turned his eyes back to me. “I will agree with a caveat.” 
I felt my chest tighten. “What is the caveat?” 
Hades stared at me for a minute. “There will come a day that I will come to you both with a proposition. And you cannot turn it down.” His eyes bore into me. I opened my mouth, but he held up his hand. “You can’t ask questions, and you can’t say yes now, and then change your mind later. You have to swear today that you will say yes.” I felt fear grip me. “I can promise you it will not cause harm to anyone. And it will be within your power.” 
I stared at him for a second. “Will he be whole?” I was terrified I would sacrifice one for someone broken. 
“What do you mean?” Hades lifted his eyebrow. 
1/3 
Chapter 852 
BONUS 
“Will Rowan be whole? Exactly the same as he was before he died. Nothing broken inside of him, no waiting to shatter his mind. Whole, healthy, and safe.” I sounded panicked, and I was. Lynn gripped, nand trying to calm me down. 
Hades nodded. “Your mate will be complete and unharmed. He will remember everything except his in the Underworld.” He held out his hand. “Do you agree?” 
I turned to Lynn. “I can’t ask this of you.” I bit my lip so hard I drew blood. 
“And you aren’t.” She pulled me into her arms. “I offered.” She pulled away to look at my face. “As a Gamma, my job is to protect my Luna.” She turned to my mother and nodded. “I did everything I could to protect her, and it cost me my soul.” My mother rocked back as if she had been hit. Lynn smiled sadly as she turned back to me. “I don’t regret it.” She reached to rub the tears from my face. “But if I can give the rest of my life to protect my Queen…I would do that in a heartbeat.” 
I hiccuped as I cried. “But I’m not in danger.” 
Lynn leaned in. “But you are.” She cupped my face. “The Amy I know is so full of love and life that she would do anything for anyone. You gave everything you had for werewolf kind. Who you are now…after Rowan died, this isn’t you.” She kissed my forehead. “I know your family and your friends will agree. Rowan has become your heart, and without your heart…you aren’t you.” Lynn sat back on her heels. “I refuse to allow you to live like this. Not when I can save you.” She grabbed my hand and pushed it into the god’s waiting palm. “She agrees.” Lynn nodded. 
Hades turned to me. “You have to say it.” 
I felt my lips tremble as I tried to say the words, but nothing came out. I coughed to clear my throat. I searched Lynn’s face, but there was nothing. No worry, no shame, nothing but acceptance and love. “I…I agree.” 
Chapter 653 
###Next D 653
I felt the agreement ripple down my arm, through my chest, and settle low in my stomach. Hades nodded once before he dropped my hand. “Say your goodbyes.” He looked down at Lynn. “I’ll give you two minutes 
Lynn smiled as she stood. She turned and walked to my parents. She murmured to them, and both of them started to cry. I stood on shaking legs and turned to Hades. “Why do I feel you agreed way easier than you normally do?” 
He smiled. “Because you are right. Normally, I wouldn’t agree to a swap. But everyone has a weakness…and family is mine.” He walked over to me and clapped me on the back. “Eventually you will understand. But today is not that day.” He nudged me and then turned away. He walked over to Gaia and the other gods. 
Hecate waved her hand, and a familiar sound barrier snapped into place so the gods could talk freely. I felt a burning at the base of my skull as I watched them all turn to look at me. 
“Well, everyone knows who they are talking about.” Toya walked over to me and slid her arm around me. I snorted as I leaned against her. “I won’t ask you how you are doing…I feel it.” 
I looked at her, and she smiled as I felt another arm slide around me. “Our wolves are sisters, Amy.” Wendy’s voice was sad, but she was trying to hide it. “We can feel your pain down the bond.” 
Toya nodded. “I’ve gotten a million texts from Hanna and Micca screaming at me to tell them what’s going on.” 
Wendy nodded. She pulled out her phone to show the notifications. “Neither of us felt right explaining it all to them without knowing how it was all going to end.” 
Toya leaned her head against me. “Once Rowan is back, and you have had time to enjoy that…we know you are going to crash out about Cass, that’s when we will make sure everyone is here.” 
Cass. 
I had forgotten about her when Rowan dropped. I felt guilt hit me as I turned to see Greyson still on his knees. The horror etched on his face broke my heart. He lost a pup and his mate. I knew the pain. I squeezed both of my friends before I stepped over to Greyson. “Hey.” 
He slowly turned to me, and there was no recollection there. He was gone, and I didn’t know i as going to be a way for him to come back. “I’ll take him.” Uncle Ronnie’s voice came from behind me. I turned to give him room. “I’ll take him to Alannah and the twins.” I frowned, and his lips turned up. “He has been helping her since she came with the babies.” He looked back at Aurora. “Cass…Aurora had been jealous, but he kept showing up.” He shrugged. “Plus, she might understand what he’s going through,” I nodded once. 2 
“Time’s up.” Hades called. Lynn walked back to me and pulled me into a hug. 
“Never question my choice.” She whispered in my ear. “This is my decision, and I made it for myself.” I nodded against her. “Thank you for being my friend.” 
A fresh wave of tears started. “Thank you for giving your life for my family.” I pulled back, and she gave me the most dazzling smile that brought me back to the first day of training. She was always so strong, so bright, and full of energy. I knew the last few years had broken something inside of her. But now I was seeing her whole again, and I knew she was at peace with her choice. “May your afterlife be peaceful and free of hard–times.” 
Hades‘ hand landed on her shoulder. “For her sacrifice, she will live peacefully in Elysium.” She squeezed my hand once more before she turned. “Are you ready?” 
She nodded. “I am.” 
They walked back over to Rowan, and I followed. Each step made me feel physically sick. Hope and pain warred in 
1/3 
Chapter 653 
my chest as I dropped down next to my now–cold mate. His skin had taken on a pale hue that was com unnatural. I threaded my fingers through his. 
Selene walked over, leaned down and kissed my head, then moved to Rowan’s feet. Hades winked as he stepped up to Rowan’s head. “Sit next to him and hold his hand.” Hades instructed, and Lynn dropped across from me. One by one, the other gods took positions around the three of us. Hades held out his hand to Uranus, and the god lifted his brow. Hades just laughed. “We have to create a chain, Ura. Either hold my hand or go home.” Uranus looked down at me for a second, and then he lifted his hand and grabbed Hades. 
“I’m only doing this for you, godling.” I smiled and nodded. 
“Thank you.” I looked at everyone. Hades, Uranus, Hecate, Selene, Gaia and then landing on Pontus. “All of you. Thank you.” 
Hades snorted. “Rowan Lukos, I call to you. Come to me.” 
Selene looked up at the sky. “Erubus, I call to you. Come to me.” 
Hecate closed her eyes. “Ich ta hel for shim. Epar tin clavic shorn.” I recognized the spell; it was a healing spell. The blood that surrounded Rowan pulled back into his body. I watched as the shirt that had been soaked in blood became clean again, the slice on his chest sealing as the magic took hold. 
I leaned over his face, waiting. Hoping. 
“Please. Come back to me.‘ 
“} 
Hades shifted. “Lynn Wetherstone, this is your last chance to change your mind.” 
Lynn just kissed my cheek and then Rowan’s. “Take me in trade for their peace…for their love. Take our souls in payment for my king.” I wanted to turn to thank her one last time, but my eyesight had tunneled down to Rowan’s face. 
A life for a 
Hades called out again. “Rowan Lukos, come to me.” Lynn’s body dropped next to us, and I held my reath. I felt the tether in my chest grow stronger, like threads reattaching, and I held my breath. “A soul life.” 
A giant bolt of lightning slammed into me, and I screamed. No, this couldn’t be happening. I felt the power start to cook my insides, and I slammed my lips into Rowan’s. If I was going to die now by fucking lightning, then I was going to kiss my mate goodbye. 
I screamed against his lips. 
And right before the power overwhelmed me…Rowan opened his eyes. 
2/3 
###Next D 654
“You look beautiful.” My mom’s voice was still hesitant as she braided my hair. 
I smiled. “Thank you.” I blew out a breath. “Mom…” I started but my voice trailed off. 
“I’m sorry.” She spun my chair. I opened my eyes to see that she was already crying. “I am so sorry, baby.” She looked down at her hands. “You were right yesterday.” 
“What?” The exhaustion still ate at my concentration. My mother looked up, and a tear fell. “What are you talking about?” 
She sighed as she grabbed my hand. “You were right.” She tightened her grip, almost as if she was afraid I would pull away. “When you said that, I knew. Your father had told me everything he was doing. Hell, half of them we made together. And I am so sorry.” She looked up, trying to stop the tears. “I’m not trying to ruin my makeup. It’s perfect.” She shook her head before she turned back to me. “We should have been honest with you. We should have come clean when we started to suspect that Rowan was your mate.” 
“We should have.” My father’s voice called from the door. And he walked in hesitantly. He was looking everywhere but at me. So I knew he still felt guilty. “I had spent so many years doing things alone, or with Rowan, that it never even crossed my mind until it was too late.” He swallowed. “I just wanted to catch everyone involved and give Rowan the answers he deserved. I had spent so many years trying to figure out his father’s killers that I disregarded your happiness. Because I figured you would have centuries with your mate, and your early twenties wouldn’t matter.” He finally looked at me, and his mouth dropped open. His eyes became glossy as he stepped forward. “Wow.” 
My mother smiled. “I know.” 
“What?” I looked between my parents. 
“You are gorgeous.” My dad walked up to my chair. “You are the best part of me, ladybug. I’m sorry I picked vengeance over being your dad.” 
I felt my eyes burn. But my mother fanned my face. “You are perfect. Don’t ruin your makeup” father. “Stop it.” She hissed, and he chuckled. 
He grabbed my hand. “Can you forgive us, pup?” 
rned to my 
I bit my lip, and my mom made a weird sound in her throat, making me laugh. “I was…am, really hurt.” I looked at them both. “You disregarded my happiness and pulled strings to get us to do what you wanted regardless of what would happen.” My dad’s shoulders fell, and both of them turned away. “But…” I lowered my eyes to my hands. “I was horrible to you both yesterday. I’m sorry.” I blew out a breath as I twisted my fingers. “I had just lost everything, and you were easy targets for my rage.” I looked up, and I felt a tear fall. My mom hissed as she turned for a tissue. “I’m sorry.” 
My father grabbed my hand and kissed my hair. “You never have to apologize to us for the mistakes we made.” 
My mom dabbed at my face. “We swear we will never do it again.” She kissed my cheek. “Let me touch you up.‘ 
“Are we all ready in here?” Toya called from the doorway. “Oh, Amy.” She sighed as I stood. “You look gorgeous.” 
I smiled at my mother, blended something over my cheek, and my dad handed me a flower. “Daddy?” 
“Your grandmother walked down the aisle holding an orchid. So did your mother when we mated. It stands for a new phase in life, which for tonight, seems perfect.” I smiled as I nodded. 
“It is.” I turned to Toya. “We are ready.” 
1/3 
Chapter 654 
“Good.” She pushed the door open, and Hanna, Wendy, and Micca all ran in wearing the same cloak… as she turned. “Your dad came in clutch.” 
I looked around. “How?” I was pulled into hugs. 
“You created pathways between packs. What do you mean, how?” Wendy laughed. “I grabbed them from Oakenfang.” She blushed. 
Everyone froze. “You’re blushing.” I pointed out. But she waved me off. 
wiled 
“We can talk about it later. Tonight is for you.” She grabbed my hands and pulled me to the stairs. “Get in order.” Wendy called out, and I was surprised to taste the command on my tongue. 
Toya looked back at me, and I smiled. “She has a secret.” Toya nodded. 
“Yes…she does.” We made a silent agreement to figure it out tomorrow. 
Micca got in front, followed by Hanna, Wendy, and then Toya. My mother kissed me once more and then stood in front of me and my father. He offered his arm. “Are you ready, Bug?” I nodded once, and somewhere off in the distance, music came to life, and we started down the stairs. 
2/3 
###Next D 655
We trailed out the front door, and down the pathway to the backyard. Our bare feet barely made a sound as we walked through the grass. With every step, I felt a little jolt of power from the Earth. I tried to send power back, but it bounced back. 
use of 
Gaia’s voice slipped into my mind. A small gift for you on your blessed day. May your life be full of love, little one. She pulled away, and I felt the loss. 
We turned at the corner of the house, and my breath caught. The backyard had been transformed. Chairs were arranged in a semicircle with an aisle in the middle. “It looks like a human wedding.” I whispered to my dad. 
She chuckled. “Your mother said you spent years watching human movies growing up. She said you wanted a wedding when you were eight. So we made the ceremony into one for you.” He turned to look at me. “Do you like it?” 1 
I looked up at my father, and I nodded. “Thank you, Daddy.” 
He took a deep breath, and I watched a tear fall. He shook his head and used his robe to wipe away the tear. “I was terrified I wasn’t ever going to hear you call me that again, Bug.” His lisp trembled. “I hope you never understand my panic from yesterday.” 1 
We started down the aisle, and everyone stood. Familiar faces stood out. Jorah and Sterling were here, as was Luke. Alannah held one twin while Greyson held the other. He looked heartbroken but tried to fake a smile for me. I had to turn away. Carly was bouncing next to Abby in the front row, bright brown eyes staring back at me. 
I gripped my dad’s arm as I stared at everyone here, and couldn’t stop the whine that slipped from my lips. He turned to me again, slowing our steps. “What’s wrong?” 
“Everyone is here…everyone but-” I shook my head. As we took the next step, my head turned to meet familiar eyes, and I nearly dropped. 
Lynn was next to her. A serene smile on her face. She gave me a thumbs–up, and I choked on sob. 
mixed with a 
Cass was staring back at me. Greyson’s whine has her eyes drifting to his, but she just held her finge o her lips. Then she mouthed ‘I love you‘ to him, and he dropped his head. 
Next to them was Ternen. Alannah let out a sob, and I watched Greyson grab her hand. Ternen and Cass smiled at each other before they turned back to me, silently watching together as their mates supported each other. 
Carl smiled as he wrapped his arm around my grandmother’s shoulder. She cried as she leaned on him. They seemed to have struck a friendship since Carl had died, and for that I was thankful. 
Carly bounced as she turned and saw her dad. She waved. “Hi Daddy.” Carl’s lips trembled as he shushed her. But then he waved and winked at her before pointing back at me. 
They were all here. 
Everyone I had lost. The ones I failed to protect. 
The ones who gave their lives willingly for you to end up here. Silly girl. My grandmother’s words were a soft admonishment. Don’t take their sacrifice and tarnish it. You know better. 
I nodded as stared at my friends again. Cass and Lynn were both crying now. Before I turned away, I met their eyes. “I miss you.” They just smiled at me before all of them nodded towards the front. 
1/3 
Chapter 655 
I turned, and my father had to hold me up. His soft chuckle and his arms were the only reasons I COL next step. Rowan was staring at me with so much love in his eyes I couldn’t breathe for a moment. Tears traced his cheeks, but he stood unbothered and unashamed as he watched me with a smile on his face. 
Finally, my father pulled me to the front where Rowan was waiting. “Take care of my girl.” My father acid out his hand. 
Rowan slid his hand into my father’s, but his eyes never left mine. “Always.” 
He pulled me up onto the small stage, pulling me to his side and wrapping his arm around me. Then we turned to face the crowd. My father took the place of the priestess and stayed down where I had just been. He looked up at us and started the ceremony. 
“I call the Goddess in all her glory-” My father started, but I was lost in Rowan’s eyes. Erubus kept flashing in his eyes, and I couldn’t look away. 
“Love…you have to say your part.” Rowan nudged me, and I jolted. 
“I do.” I earned a few chuckles as my father continued. 
Rowan smiled widened as he said his. “I do.” 
My father clapped. “Under the moon, and under the watchful gaze of all the gods.” I turned to him because usually it’s just the Moon Goddess, but there they were, all lined up against the house, staying unseen but watching my mating ceremony. “With the power I hold from the Goddess, I pronounce your bond eternal.” I felt a shock go through me, and Rowan trembled as the bond was finally sealed. 
Rowan leaned down with a smile. He kissed my lips and then whispered in my ear. “You can’t run anymore, Rabbit. I finally caught you.” 
Alicia S. Rivers 
author 
Thank you for all the support. Amy’s story has FINALLY come to an end. I hop 
r justice. 
I absolutely cannot thank you enough for sticking by me while I navigated the worst year of my life. XOX Alicia. Keep an eye open for Carly’s book. 
10 
189 
