###Chapter 1
1- Wine and witches 
Ba 
I pause for a moment to adjust my uncomfortable high heeled shoe. It’s black to match my waitresses‘ uniform which I honestly find to be too provocative for what is supposedly an upscale restaurant. Sex sells I guess, not that I would ever let a customer touch me that way. 
Borderline is one of the few places in the city that allows both normal customers and Magies, so despite the long hours, barely adequate pay and uncomfortable uniform, It is perfect for me as one of the only places that will hire someone who is marked but has no marketable magic skills. 
Like all children, I was tested for magic when I was only a few days old. Since my specific bloodline is unknown and my magic is unidentifiable, I was marked with a delicate swirling pattern around my upper right arm. While labeling everyone according to their species might seem concerning, it actually saves a lot of lives. 
Most species have weaknesses that are much easier to avoid if they aren’t shoved in your face by some oblivious person who has no idea the damage they’re causing. I don’t know a lot about the marks themselves, only that they are applied magically and that everyone has one unless they are one hundred percent, normal human. 
Normal humans make up about fifty percent of the population in big cities like this. Some magics are easy to identify. Shifters inherit their abilities from their parents, so they are marked as Shifters from birth on their arms with varying marks depending on their individual species. 
Witches and Sorcerers also inherit their power from their parents and are easily identified. People like me however are harder to categorize. I was left outside the hospital for magical beings when I was only a few hours old. After days of tests to confirm I was not any of the known species but that I did in fact have magic. I was marked as an unknown. 
Now that might sound all cool and mysterious but believe me it is not. Humans and Magics. don’t tend to get along all that well. No humans will accept me because I am marked as a Magic, and no Magics will accept me because I don’t fit in with any of their groups. I can’t even find any other unknowns in this city as most people get their marks adjusted as soon as they are old enough to identify their powers for themselves. 
1/5 
1- Wine and witches 
My life is not so easy. I do have magic, just as the tests showed, but it has never lined up with any known Magic species. For this reason, I have been unable to get my mark adjusted. This might not be a problem if my magic was something dramatic and powerful that demanded respect, but this is not the case. I can’t breathe fire like a dragon Shifter, or hex people who piss me off like Witches. 
I can’t make potions like an Alchemist or seduce people like a Succubus. Now I don’t mean to be unappreciative of the power I do have, it’s interesting and all, but it just really doesn’t pack much of a punch and most of the time it is just pretty much useless. My special magical skill is the ability to see threads of fate. 
Now when people think of the threads of fate they always think of the red thread that is meant to tie them to their destined soul mate and blah blah blah. Yes I can see them. But there are other threads too, in different colours with different meanings. 
There are blue threads connecting people which seem to represent that the pair are fated to be friends. This doesn’t mean they won’t have other friends or anything like that. Just that those specific people are destined to meet and that they will become close friends eventually. 
Another thread is the black one. This one shows up between people who are fated to be enemies. I tend to avoid people who display too many of these threads. 
If someone has a lot of fated enemies they probably aren’t the kind of person I want to be around anyways. Occasionally I come across other threads, but I don’t always know what they mean, and since I don’t exactly have a guide book with colour coded charts I have no idea. how to figure it out unless I plan to stalk people and their friends and figure out the relationships between them all. 
I suspect that green threads are for fated mentor/mentee relationships. I often see them connecting young people to old, students to teachers or children to grandparents. 
The only other thread I am fairly sure of is white. I rarely see people with white threads, and when I do they tend to be doctors, fire fighters or other do–gooder types. My best guess is that they are fated to save the people they are tied to with white threads. 
I see these threads constantly and it is a confusing mess, all the threads twisted around each other. Sometimes people mix up their blue threads with their red threads and end up in 
2/5 
relationships that are doomed to fail. A lot of people have only one or two threads, or sometimes none at all. No one ever has more than one red thread though. One soul mate per person, no need to be greedy. 
My saving grace is that I don’t see the threads between people unless the two people are fairly close by each other, say a few blocks maybe. I don’t know if I can see my own threads. I never have before, but that doesn’t mean anything. I might not have any, or maybe I have never been close enough to anyone for my threads to be visible before. 
I’m fairly sure that everyone has a red thread, even if they haven’t met the person yet. I can also tell if the people whose fate is predicted by the thread have already met. If the thread is light and floaty like it’s caught in a breeze, I know that they have not run into each other and solidified the relationship yet. If it is more solid and the thread is tight, I know that they have. 
Now this might sound like a cool ability. It really isn’t that great. Fate knows what it’s doing and doesn’t need any help from me, so basically all I can do is watch the threads and judge people silently for things they don’t even know exist. Aside from being pretty useless as far as abilities go, it is also pretty distracting. It’s hard to pay attention to someone’s face when you are busy staring at the shiny threads that are trailing off from their hearts which no one else can see. For the most part, I try to ignore them. As I am a bit of a social reject, most people don’t go out of their way to interact with me when they can avoid it. 
Because of the threads, I have a bit of a reputation at work as a daydreamer. The sleeves of my work top are long which cover my mark. The swirling patterns in my mark are supposed. to represent the threads of fate, there are three of them in red, black and white. The mark is actually quite pretty but it is nothing compared to seeing the real threads. 
Still, at work I keep it covered and as long as people don’t look too closely at me, I usually can pass for an ordinary human which makes serving human customers far easier than serving the Magics who tend to be stuck up towards humans. I have rather pale skin and I am quite average in height and physique. 
My hair is straight and long, down past my waist. It is a dark midnight blue colour which most people assume is dyed but upon close inspection it is clear that I never have any regrowth or anything like that because it is in fact my natural hair. My matching eyebrows are another clue. My eyes are also blue but they are so pale that most people think they are 
colourless. 
3/5 
If I didn’t have pupils I would probably look completely blind. They make people uncomfortable as they look a bit unnatural. It is for this reason that I have developed a habit of staring at the floor when I greet customers. This might be a problem in a human establishment, but in a place where Shifters and other Magics frequent it is almost expected as a way to avoid any confrontations or battles of dominance. 
I did try wearing contacts a few months back but I found them too uncomfortable, besides, it would be too expensive for me to maintain. 
A throat clearing behind me jerks me from my brooding and I almost stumble as I turn on the spot in my high heels. I definitely lack the grace that some Magics are naturally blessed with. I cringe slightly under the glare of my shift manager Anthony. I must have paused longer than I thought. I straighten my back and grab the tray of dirty dishes I had placed down a minute ago and continue on my way to the kitchen to swap it for a tray of food to deliver to 
table twenty. 
I am just placing the last glass of wine down in front of a coven of Witches who are in the middle of their monthly ‘girls night‘ when I notice for the first time, a blue thread drifting gently from my own chest. I slip with the glass and accidentally spill a little wine. Luckily the Witches are already sloshed enough not to notice my blunder. I subtly wipe away the spill before hurrying away from their table. 
I trace my eyes along the thread. It is leading out the door of Borderline and out onto the street. I ache to follow it and meet whoever it is attached to. Due to my odd marking I have never really had any good friends, at least not since I was a kid. A fated friend 
is pretty much my dream come true. 
For a moment, I consider ditching the last couple hours of my shift and going anyway. But it is a Saturday night and we are only halfway through the dinner rush. I would lose my job which I really need. 
I take a deep breath and remind myself that the thread means it is fated. I will meet and befriend the person eventually, even if I don’t go searching for them. I resign myself to waiting and hope that the person doesn’t take too long to meet me. I’ve been lonely for a long time. 
Aside from having no real friends, I don’t even date. In fact the idea is laughable. Even if 
4/5 
1–Wine and witches 
there were someone willing to date me, I can see that there is no red thread between us 
which basically means the relationship is ultimately doomed. 
Even worse, I can see their actual red thread which means I know who they should be with. 
No, dating is definitely impossible. I will just have to wait until my red thread appears. 
###Chapter 2
Strings of Fate 
2- Shifters and Scribbles 
Trying to distract myself from the mysterious blue thread, I work harder than I ever have in my life. Sadly, my tips don’t show it. The customers who come here really do tend to be rather snobby. I am watching the clock as 1 work. 
About an hour has passed when I finally allow myself to glance at my blue thread again. I gasp as I realise that the person it is connected to is in the restaurant right now. It leads to a woman sitting at table thirteen. 
She looks to be in her early twenties like me and has pitch black hair with a slight wave to it cascading down her back. It is only a couple inches shorter than mine. Her skin is tan and. even from over here I can see she is absolutely stunning. 
Trying to keep my nervousness from my face, I approach the table to take her order. As I come close, she looks up and meets my eyes and Lam surprised to see they are a golden. yellow colour. I glance down at her arm. She is wearing a gorgeous black dress that is probably worth more than I make in an entire month. 
Thankfully, it is a halter neck which leaves her arms totally clear so I can see her mark. Her marks are black and the design wrapping around her arm is striking, I notice there are slashes through it that look like they might be meant to look like claw marks. Combining that with her golden eyes, it is pretty clear that she is a Shifter. 
This concerns me a little, as Shifters don’t tend to befriend people who aren’t also Shifters. In fact, even amongst themselves, Shifters are picky about who they associate with. 
You would rarely see a feline Shifter befriending a canine, rodent or reptile Shifter for example. I start to feel disheartened when I remind myself of the blue thread which is already solidifying and becoming more stable after this slight interaction. 
Our friendship is already certain. I need to have faith in that. 
I am about to ask for her order when a not–very–subtle cough from the man seated across 
from her draws my attention. I had been so caught up in the Shifter woman, my friend–to–be, that I hadn’t even noticed she was with someone. 
1/4 
LIIILI 
2- Shifters and Scribbles 
Looking at the man I am first struck by how classically handsome he is. Or at least how handsome he would be if he dropped the stuck–up expression that he is directing at me. He has hair that was somewhere between blonde and bronze and, like the woman, has yellowish eyes, although his tip more towards orange than gold. He is wearing a suit so I can’t see any markings, but I would put money towards him being a Shifter as well. 
Trying to play it cool, I take their orders and flee to deliver their slip to the kitchen. I fetch the bottle of wine the man requested and as I bring it to their table. I take the time to check them for threads. 
There are no threads linking the two of them at all. I can’t see any threads coming from the woman apart from the blue one linking her to me. The man also has a thread. It is solid and red and leads out towards the door and out of sight. He has already met his soul mate. I guess that the two of them are friends, or perhaps co–workers or something. 
A few minutes later I bring out their food before continuing around to my other tables. I work hard not to be my usual clumsy self, something which is even more difficult than usual as I am completely distracted watching table thirteen out of the corner of my eye. It is terribly busy and more often than not, I am unable to keep them in sight. 
I clear away the plates from their meal and I am about to take their orders for desert when 
suddenly the man shifts out of his seat and onto his knee beside the woman. I freeze, 
confused. What on Earth is happening here? 
I open my mouth to ask if everything is okay when the man pulls a ring out of his pocket. My eyes widen, the woman gasps and pulls a hand up to cover her mouth. I am so caught up im her reactions that I don’t even hear the words as the man proposes. 
I do however see as she accepts. There are tears running down her face as she leans forward to kiss the man and he places the ring on her finger. A round of applause goes around the restaurant as everyone begins to congratulate the happy couple. Under Anthony’s orders, I fetch them a complimentary desert as congratulations from the restaurant. 
I am numb. This is entirely wrong. He is not her soul mate, he has another soul mate. He has already met his soul mate, so how can he be proposing to another woman right now? What should I do? Should I be doing anything? 
2- Shifters and Scribbles 
I usually try not to interfere. These threads are fates, so they don’t need my assistance. But if this woman really is fated to be my close friend, can I really let her marry someone who already has a soul mate? 
It can only end in heartbreak. Before I get the chance to talk myself out of it, I scribble a note to her on a scrap of paper I find behind the bar. 
*You don’t know me, and I’m sorry that I can’t explain this properly in a note. You should know that the man who just proposed to you is not the right man for you and while it may be unpleasant to hear, I thought I should tell you now in an attempt to spare you more pain in the future. One day I hope to explain myself properly but for now this is all I can do. 
I am truly sorry. 
I hesitate, unsure if I should sign the note. I have no idea how this woman is going to react. I know she will be my friend eventually, but she isn’t yet and I don’t want to push my luck. 
I am not brave enough to write my name and sign the note properly, but I can’t bring myself to make the note entirely anonymous either. I quickly scribble my initials at the end of the note. R.G. For Ryann Gale. 
Next I have to figure out how to slip her the note in a way that won’t alert the man. I decide to try and slip it into her bag which is sitting by her foot under the table slightly. 
I grab their bill and make my way back to their table. As I go to place the little folder with the bill inside on the table, I make sure to accidentally slip and drop it on the floor. I bend to pick it up and quickly slip my note in the woman’s bag before I get to my feet, apologise and place the folder on the table directly between them. The man reaches for the folder, but the woman waves him off. 
“Don’t be ridiculous Tristan. I have plenty of money, it makes sense for me to pay. Besides. once we marry, what’s mine will be yours. So, it doesn’t really matter at this point.” She decides. She grabs her bag and rummages inside. 
I hold my breath. I was counting on her not finding the note until she gets home. I release the breath as she pulls a purse from her bag, not noticing the note. 
314 
2- Shifters and Scribbler 
She pulls out a shiny silver credit card and hands it and the folder back to me with a smile. I 
quickly go to ring it up. I glance at the name on the card, Megan Kane, 
As I return the card to her, I give her a bright smile. 
Π 
She might not know it yet and she might not be my friend, but from the moment she entered this restaurant, I became her friend and I intend to be the best friend she could ever have. 
The pair of them leave, arm in arm. I have to resist the desire to chase after them and introduce myself to Megan properly. 
I remind myself once more that we are fated to b be friends. I will see her again. 
###Chapter 3
3- Comfort and cookies 
I finish the last few hours of my shift in a blur. Despite the unexpected proposal, I am over the moon. My first real friend at last. 
Anthony gives me a funny look as I give him a cheerful wave on my way out, something I have definitely never done before. My feet are killing me as I begin the fifteen–minute walk to my apartment. I’ve only been walking about five minutes when I give up on my heels entirely and just take off my shoes and carry them. 
I walk along the pavement in my stockings and hope that there isn’t any broken glass or sharp rocks on my path. It’s just after ten pm when I reach my home. I sigh and begin to climb the stairs. 
I live on the third floor of a tiny, cramped and somewhat rundown building. At least the rent is cheap and the landlady is the sweetest woman. Probably the closest thing I have to an actual friend. 
She is a little old lady, human, but unusually accepting of Magics. She lives off the rent from the residents of the building and spends her days in her own little apartment on the bottom floor. 
I used to have the bottom floor, but about a month ago it became clear that Maggie, the landlady, would not be able to manage the stairs much longer. I offered to swap with her. The climb is annoying, particularly after a long day at work. But I am only twenty–two years old. Not nearly old enough to complain over something as easy as a couple flights of stairs. 
Trading apartments with Maggie did come with one nice advantage. Maggie spends almost all of her free time baking and making different treats which she is very happy to share with me. She will bake during the day and sell most of what she makes at a local market in the mornings. It doesn’t really make her any money, but it covers the cost of the ingredients and lets her enjoy her retirement. 
I finally reach my floor and find a plate of chocolate chip cookies covered in glad wrap sitting on the ledge of my window with a little note taped to it. 
3- Comfort and cookies 
“Trying a new recipe. I asked Logan to take these upstairs for you. Let me know what you think. 
– Love Maggie 
Logan is Maggie’s grandson. He lives with his mum a few streets over. He often stops by to visit Maggie after school. She always provides him with treats in exchange for his assistance with running a few errands for her, like delivering cookies to my apartment. 
He is eleven years old and still eager to please so it is a perfect arrangement for them both. I have also noticed a green thread connecting Maggie and her grandson. They are part of the reason I suspect it represents some kind of mentor type relationship. 
I grin and let myself into my apartment, grabbing the plate on my way in. I dump my keys on the little table which I keep pushed up against the wall of the living/ dining/kitchen type 
area. 
I never have guests so the table is barely ever used. My apartment consists of a joint living/ dining/kitchen area. A tiny bedroom and a balcony. There is a laundry room on the bottom. floor connecting to Maggie’s apartment which all the building residents share. 
The building has four floors so aside from Maggie and I there are three other people living in the building. A young couple on the top floor, Ren and Kiara. They are newly married but without their parents approval. They don’t have much, but they seem to be happy. I can see the red thread connecting them so I know they made the right decision in choosing each other. 
On the floor between myself and Maggie there is currently a middle aged man named Paul. He is recently divorced and seems to have gotten the worse side of the divorce arrangement. We have had a revolving door of residents on that floor in the two years since I moved in here, no one seems to stick around for long. I suspect Paul might last longer than most. I’m not sure if that is a good or bad thing. 
Maggie spoke with him when he moved in and warned me that he has expressed a dislike for Magics. She figured I might prefer to avoid him or at least keep my mark covered to avoid. trouble. I agreed with her. There is no reason to invite disaster. 
3- Comfort and cookies 
My apartment may not be five star, but it is safe and comfortable and gives me a place to call 
my own. 
I was raised in a Magics orphanage where I stayed until I was eighteen. I moved around between crappy apartments for a couple years before settling here. My time in the orphanage was not pleasant as I did not fit in with the other Magics there, not that there were a lot of 
us. 
Most Magics band together in groups. A Shifter child would never be sent to an orphanage, they would be taken in by other Shifters. Witches also like to keep together in their covens. Sorcerers like to take apprentices and will often take in young Sorcerers if they are available to train and raise in their own image. 
They tend to be a little self obsessed in my opinion. No, the few Magics who end up in orphanages are mostly Succubi and Inccubi (their parents are notoriously promiscuous after all) as well as Magics who can’t be identified, and most of those tend to figure out their powers fairly young and then are adopted into appropriate families. 
Exhausted from a long shift, I pull my hair back into a low ponytail and change into my fuzzy, pink, unicorn adorned, flannel pyjamas and bunny slippers. 
I set a packet of instant noodles to heat in the microwave of my rarely used kitchen and sit and eat my cookies as I wait. They are amazing. Note to self, tell Maggie how amazing these 
cookies are. 
I glance at the microwave and notice it only has a few seconds to go. I launch myself from my seat and dash over, sliding slightly as I hit the button to stop the machine before it lets out the incredibly annoying high pitched screech that someone deemed an appropriate way to signal it is complete. 
I eat quickly and burn my tongue a little as I down the last of the broth from the bowl. I swallow a few mouthfuls of water and leave my dishes by the sink before making my way through my bedroom to the bathroom where I brush my teeth before I stumble back to my bedroom. It is tiny but cosy. I have filled it with every kind of fluffy blanket, pillow and beanbag that I can afford. 
Every time I decide to treat myself, it is to some new comfort . Some people buy 
3/5 
3- Comfort and cookies 
My apartment may not be five star, but it is safe and comfortable and gives me a place to call 
my own. 
I was raised in a Magics orphanage where I stayed until I was eighteen. I moved around between crappy apartments for a couple years before settling here. My time in the orphanage was not pleasant as I did not fit in with the other Magics there, not that there were a lot of 
US. 
Most Magics band together in groups. A Shifter child would never be sent to an orphanage, they would be taken in by other Shifters. Witches also like to keep together in their covens. Sorcerers like to take apprentices and will often take in young Sorcerers if they are available. to train and raise in their own image. 
They tend to be a little self obsessed in my opinion. No, the few Magics who end up in orphanages are mostly Succubi and Inccubi (their parents are notoriously promiscuous after all) as well as Magics who can’t be identified, and most of those tend to figure out their powers fairly young and then are adopted into appropriate families. 
Exhausted from a long shift, I pull my hair back into a low ponytail and change into my fuzzy, pink, unicorn adorned, flannel pyjamas and bunny slippers. 
I set a packet of instant noodles to heat in the microwave of my rarely used kitchen and sit and eat my cookies as I wait. They are amazing. Note to self, tell Maggie how amazing these 
cookies are. 
I glance at the microwave and notice it only has a few seconds to go. I launch myself from my seat and dash over, sliding slightly as I hit the button to stop the machine before it lets out the incredibly annoying high pitched screech that someone deemed an appropriate way to signal it is complete. 
I eat quickly and burn my tongue a little as I down the last of the broth from the bowl. I swallow a few mouthfuls of water and leave my dishes by the sink before making my way through my bedroom to the bathroom where I brush my teeth before I stumble back to my bedroom. It is tiny but cosy. I have filled it with every kind of fluffy blanket, pillow and beanbag that I can afford. 
Every time I decide to treat myself, it is to some new comfort . Some people buy 
3/5 
3- Comfort and cookies 
makeup and fancy clothes, others buy books or movies. 
I get comfy, squishy s. Okay and a Netflix subscription, but I only pay for half of that. Maggie and I share a Netflix account. She has no idea here to work most technology, so I set it up and pay for it, but she deducts a lathe of it from my rent in exchange for her own profile on it. 
I once snuck a look to see what she was watching and had a private little giggle when 1 realised that she uses it to watch almost nothing but rom–coms. Not that I blame her, I watch them too, probably more oftem than most. 
I don’t have a TV, instead I have a laptop which is probably the most valuable item I own. I worked extra shifts for months to save up for it. I shift the laptop from where it sits in the pile of blankets and pillows om my bed and place it on the little side table. 
I only have one side table which I got discounted because it was originally part of a set but the other one got damaged. This is perfect for me though because the room only really has space for one 
I have a queen–sized bed which I have up against the wall in the corner of the room to make a cosy little comer of pillows and happiness. The bedside table fits in on the other side and 
eaves just enough space for my little dresser where I keep my clothes, and the few cosmetic and jewellery items that I ow 
With the laptop out of the way, I quickly place my cheap, flip phone on to charge (something I only com so work cam contact me. Or Maggie on occasion) then I collapse into my bed and bury myself under the piles of blankets. 
The thread commecting Megan and I has faded for now which tells me that she isn’t close by. I close my eyes and relax, and it takes me barely any time at all to fall asleep after my long and emotionally exhausting evening. 
###Chapter 4
4- Slippers and surprises 
I wake to a loud banging sound. It takes me a moment to realise it is someone knocking really, really loudly on my front door. 
I groan and pick up my phone to check the time. Eight twenty–two AM. Who could possibly be visiting me? 
Maggie should be at the markets right now and Logan on his way to school, besides, neither of them would ever knock so… aggressively. 
I force myself to climb out from under my covers and shiver as the cool morning air hits me. I glance in the mirror as I pass it and realise my ponytail from the night before has twisted and now sits awkwardly on one side of my head with half my hair pulled loose in a weird loop. I pull the tie from my hair and slip it over my wrist. The banging continues. 
“I’m COMING, chill out already would you.” I grumble. Oddly enough the banging does actually stop. Whoever is on the other side of the door clearly has great hearing if they heard what I just said. That or they gave up on me answering and went home. I hope for the latter because I really want to just go back to bed. 
I shuffle to the door and swing it open. My actions might seem a little reckless, I probably should have glanced through the window to see who it was at least before answering. But I am tired and not awake enough to consider things like my own safety. 
In fact I feel that the person on the other side of the door should probably be the one who is 
afraid of me considering how irritated I am. 
Standing in my doorway is a man that I can only describe as breathtaking. 
He is tall and muscular with black hair that has a slight wave to it and golden eyes. A glance at his arm tells me he is a Shifter. 
In fact, he is the same kind of Shifter as Megan. He is wearing blue jeans, a black button. shirt and is standing with his arms crossed, his expression impatient. 
up 
1/5 
Π 
Stapperrcantisuuperates 
Hoppyyhhtsproken notice something that mysleepy brainmhhddit registero until his moment. 
Imbirnyytitrovasias Isttare.There is creditoread comingsoonth Shifteran’s chest. 
Tint rubysuuppisiting part of this is that it tends straight across tonnel tanzeippatifima widdeyras disprehod correct. 
Myysoulmateiisu Shitter? 
Aukciisstranding iightion frontofime Halfofmeewants to throwmyysulfathim hamso excitited to meethimatidast. 
Thecrrestodfimenants to go build.blanket forrandthiddel humobboord in reddyldopa soul matejustyyet and I barely knout this guy. I chastise myselfifinrenntilyl handbeing ridiculoc T?isman has no idea that we are tied bything eddstringobfittel hnedd td treat hinn normal andggett ookknout him, nobactallicreepyy 
This reminds me that he is still standing and taniningamachimnostiils iflaring slightly as: looks moover. Ite.doesn’t seennimpresseddwithmyyntiooniltinnnels and bunny shippers.G fifigureppull myself togetheeenough tomct(mostly noomhl. 
“Um good morning?” I greet himmyvoidea.quaesition Wharne speaks his tongsis stemit mall business. 
Are you RC?” he demandss 
Excuse me?” I ask. He roll hinevess. 
“Are you being deliberatelystupuitbonneeyyourcalillyt this klow Are you the G who wrote: 
mote to my twin sister Megan hbaldomadds genint this time waiting the note I had writte 
the night before inmy faceel flightbbakkaasticcomes alittle too close Rude much 
Oh, thatt L….ves? My named Ryan CGlde. I introduce myself. 
Int Bellamy Kano. Wenced to all. Withoutakkinghhq pushes his way past meand:eerc my apartment. My tempperiisssot bodintussion. 
4- Slippers and surprises 
I open my mouth to speak when I notice something that my sleepy brain hadn’t registered until this moment. 
I rub my tired eyes as I stare. There is a red thread coming from the Shifter man’s chest. 
The truly surprising part of this is that it leads straight across to mine. I stare up at him with wide eyes, not sure how to react. 
My soul mate is a Shifter? 
And he is standing right in front of me. Half of me wants to throw myself at him. I am so excited to meet him at last. 
The rest of me wants to go build a blanket fort and hide. I’m not sure I’m ready for a soul mate just yet, and I barely know this guy. I chastise myself internally. I am being ridiculous. This man has no idea that we are tied by the red string of fate, I need to treat him normally and get to know him, not act all creepy. 
This reminds me that he is still standing and staring at me, his nostrils flaring slightly as he looks me over. He doesn’t seem impressed with my unicorn flannels and bunny slippers. Go figure. I pull myself together enough to act (mostly) normal. 
“Um, good morning?” I greet him, my voice a question. When he speaks his tone is stern and 
all business. 
“Are 
you 
R.G?” he demands. 
“Excuse me?” I ask. He rolls his eyes. 
“Are you being deliberately stupid or are you really this slow? Are you the R.G who wrote this note to my twin sister Megan?” he demands again, this time waving the note I had written the night before in my face. I flinch back as it comes a little too close. Rude much? 
“Oh, that. Um… yes? My name is Ryann Gale.” I introduce myself. 
“I’m Bellamy Kane. We need to talk.” Without asking, he pushes his way past me and enters my apartment. My temper rises at the intrusion. 
2/5 
4- Slippers and surprises 
“What are you doing? This is my home, you can’t just let yourself in!” I try and keep my voice firm but when he turns and fixes me with his golden eyes I shrink back. 
The look he gives me is imperious and I automatically drop my eyes to the floor as is my habit. Then I force myself to look back up again. He doesn’t notice me looking up because he’s already looked away from me. 
event 
He’s being rude, I refuse to show that he’s scaring me, even though he most definitely is. He glances around and after realising that the only place to sit is the little table with its two chairs he points to it. 
“Sit.” he orders. I glare at him. Who is he to order me around like this? How can someone this obnoxious possibly be my soul mate? Maybe I’m still asleep. I pinch my arm and my eyes water a little from the sting of pain. Okay, not asleep then. I cross my arms and stare at the man, although I avoid his eyes. 
Bellamy Kane. 
He seems like someone who is used to getting his own way. Usually I am not the type to pick fights. If someone wants me to sit, I’ll probably do it, because really, why not? But if this man. is my soul mate then I refuse to allow him to treat me as anything but an equal, even if he doesn’t know it yet. He won’t hurt me, at least I’m mostly sure he won’t. I don’t think I could ever fall for someone who would hurt me, so it stands to reason that he wouldn’t. 
“Mr Kane, you can’t just barge your way into my home and order me around.” He rolls his eyes at me again. 
“Would 
you 
rather I phrase my demand sweeter, and have no doubt this is a demand not a request. Miss Gale, would you be so gracious as to take a seat so that I can speak to you. properly about the rather vague note you left for my sister last night.” He phrased the words politely, but his tone is sarcastic and still every bit as demanding. 
I want to keep arguing but I also really want to know more about Megan. I hope the note didn’t upset her too much. I decide to give into his demands this once and sit down. I try to retain whatever dignity I have left as I take a seat. 
“Are you happy now?” I gesture at the other chair for him to sit down too. He sits across from 
3/5 
4- Slippers and surprises 
me and I do my best to appear confident and put together. Well, as put together as one can look with bed head and bunny slippers. 
“Why did you leave my sister that note?” he questions. I shrug. 
“I saw that man, Tristan was it? Propose to her. I know it’s not right so I wrote her a note.” The Shifter narrows his golden eyes at me and suddenly I am certain that he is some kind of feline Shifter. Something about his eyes is so cat–like. 
“And how did you know it’s not right?” He mimics me in a childish tone. I sigh. Explaining my magic is always frustrating. People either think I’m making it all up, since no one else has the same power as me, or they think I’m odd and start to interrogate me wanting to know about their friendships and relationships. 
“I know it’s not right because of my magic.” I state, trying to keep my voice even. He leans in closer to me. 
“But you’re human. You smell human.” he informs me, his expression looks like one of disgust. Since I know that humans don’t smell any worse than Shifters, just different, I know the disgust is at the idea of me being human, not my actual smell. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Stop sniffing at me, and I’m not human.” I state firmly. He crosses his arms over his chest again. 
“Then what are you?” he demands. I shrug. 
“Beats me, if you can figure it out let me know.” I say casually. His eyes open in surprise. 
“You are an unknown Magic?” His tone is incredulous. He inhales deeply again, if I didn’t 
know he was a Shifter I wouldn’t really think it odd, but now I know he’s… sniffing… T 
turn to roll my eyes. 
It’s my 
“I know, I know. Big shock right? How can this be and blah blah blah. I am an orphan and even though I know my power, it doesn’t fit into any species, so I’m stuck as an unknown.” Okay, so maybe that came out a little more aggressive than I intended. 
What can I say, I have issues and he touched a nerve. He ignores my sass and continues his 
4/5 
4- Slippers and surprises 
interrogation. It is far too early for this. 
“What is your power then?” I give a brief explanation of my ability to see the threads of fate: and a run down of the common types. 
linked 
“Tristan has a red thread but it isn’t linked to Megan. I usually try to ignore this kind of thing. Fate always sorts itself out after all. But I have a blue thread, the friendship one, to Megan. If she is fated to be my friend then I don’t want her to suffer when I can prevent it.” Mr Kane seems doubtful of my explanation. 
“You can see if people are fated to be together, and you believe you are meant to be friends with my twin sister?” 
Twin? 
Well that’s unusual. Magics don’t often have twins, but when they do, they’re powerful. 
I nod at him. Now might be a good time to mention that I can see a red thread connecting the two of us. I glance up at his expression which is still suspicious. 
Or maybe not. 
###Chapter 5
5- Neighbours and nastiness 
The more time I spend with this Shifter, the more I begin to think fate got it 
wrong. 
I wonder if there is a way to break threads or get rid of them in some way. I’ve never seen it happen before. Even in death people are tied together. 
I once walked past a cemetery and saw an old man visiting his wife’s grave. The red thread still flowed from his chest and vanished down into the ground connecting him forever to his beloved. It was depressing but also sort of romantic in a morbid kind of way. 
I glanced back at the man sitting at the table across from me. I can’t imagine being linked with him forever. I really hope fate knows what it’s doing, giving me this man as my soul 
mate. 
“Yes, I will be friends with your twin sister. It is fated.” He scowls at me. 
“You aren’t even a Shifter, why would fate want you to be friends with my sister?” Now it’s 
my turn to scowl back at him. 
“What does that have to do with anything? Everyone has a fate Mr Kane, regardless of the circumstances of their birth. When I look at someone, I see the threads of their fate, not their 
species.” 
I am feeling incredibly annoyed. This man is my soul mate, how can he be such a jerk? This was definitely not the first meeting I expected when I finally met the holder of my red thread. 
I had hoped for something a little sweeter, maybe cute or romantic. But no, I get yelled at and 
insulted. Yay for me. He stares at me for a moment. 
“Bellamy.” he suddenly states. 
“What?” I am totally confused, he already told me his name, didn’t he? The Shifter looks very 
serious. 
“Call me Bellamy. Mr Kane was my father.” His expression is sad. I don’t know what happened 
1/5 
5- Neighbours and nastiness 
to his father, but I am certain that he can’t be alive and well, not with his son looking so miserable. I nod. 
“Fine. Bellamy then. You can call me Ryann.” I offer, mostly because it would be super awkward for me to use his first name while he uses my last name. Besides, the guy is my soul mate, we’re going to have to pass the awkward ‘using each other’s names‘ stage eventually, why not get it out of the way now? 
The Shifter- I mentally remind myself to call him Bellamy, seems relieved that I agreed so easily and… is he breathing weirdly deep? 
Maybe it’s a Shifter thing, I heard they can tell a lot about how a person is feeling and reacting from their scent… which is kinda weird but I guess it would be useful. 
“Well Bellamy, now I have some questions for you.” I begin. He looks annoyed. You would think I had just told him he had a dentist appointment or something. 
“Wow, calm down would you. I’m not asking anything difficult, at least it shouldn’t be.” hesitantly, Bellamy nods and gestures for me to continue. 
“Well, first I really would like to know how you found me. I didn’t even put my full name on the note, and you didn’t know it until I told you, so I doubt you got my details from anyone at Borderline.” I reason. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Your scent was all over the note. I assumed that it was placed in my sister’s bag at the restaurant since that’s the only place she went that evening, so I went there. It didn’t take me long to find you from there. Your scent was… exceptionally easy to follow.” he observes with yet another deep breath. I shrug. 
“Maybe it’s because I walked home barefoot.” I say nonchalantly. He seems confused. 
“Barefoot? Why would you do that?” he asks curiously. I point to the heels I had abandoned in the doorway. 
“Because those shoes are evil and I am pretty sure they were biting my feet off or something. Sadly, they are part of my uniform at work.” I explain. He raises an eyebrow. 
2/5 
5- Neighbours and nastiness 
“Biting your feet off? Surely they can’t be THAT bad…” he trails off. I lift my foot up and pull off my bunny slipper to reveal the blisters and red marks that marr the pale skin of my foot. 
“They are definitely that bad.” I state as I hold my foot up so he can see. It is almost comical how horrified Bellamy looks. He actually leans forward and grabs my foot, pulling it towards himself. 
He seems to realise how weird that is because he suddenly freezes and, almost as quickly as he grabs me, he releases me again. 
There is an awkward silence as I pull my bunny slipper back over my foot. I decide to move on to my next question and try not to think about the fact that he figured out my location by scent. It kind of seems like an invasion of privacy or something, but who am I to talk. I literally spy on everyone’s personal relationships constantly. Besides, I did leave a note. 
“I… how did your sister react when she saw the note?” I find I am actually terrified to hear his response. I don’t want her to hate me. Bellamy drops his gaze to the floor. 
“She hasn’t actually seen it. I scented something different in her purse, you I suppose, and I took it before she saw. She was excited and didn’t seem to notice it. I’m not sure if I’m disappointed that my warning never made it to her or relieved. 
“I’m surprised you took the effort to track me down.” I comment. He shifts uncomfortably in his seat. 
“She’s my sister, I had to know if there was anything to the note. Besides…” he hesitates. 
“I’m not too sure about Tristan. I’ve never really bonded with him.” I interpret that as his tactful guy way of saying he hates Tristan and thinks he is a total ass. I open my mouth to say so, but I am interrupted by someone at the door. 
Paul is standing with his arms crossed over his chest in my doorway. We have been so busy arguing, neither of us thought to close the door. Bellamy is on his feet in an instant and steps forward to meet the stranger. Paul speaks, his tone is one of complete disgust. 
“A Shifter?” he bites out, staring at Bellamy’s mark. 
3/5 
5- Neighbours and nastiness 
“I thought you were such a nice girl Ryann, I hope you don’t intend to have Shifters coming at all hours in my building.” He snaps. Bellamy takes a step closer, his stance is defensive. I get to my feet and stand between them. 
“Bellamy, ignore my neighbour. It seems he has poor manners. Paul, get out of MY apartment. This building belongs to Maggie, not you and there is no reason why I can’t invite whoever I please.” I remind him. So Bellamy is a bit of an ass, but I’m not going to let my neighbour be insulting because of his species. Paul glares at me. 
“Well sorry for coming to check on you after this brute almost knocked your door down. I could hear it from downstairs. Magics really all act like rules don’t apply to them, don’t they?” he directs the last statement towards Bellamy who looks like he wants to knock Paul out. 
I don’t really blame him. Paul is grating on my nerves too. 
Without saying anything, I push the sleeve of my pyjamas up as high as I can on my arm. It’s just enough that the bottom of my mark is visible. Paul’s expression darkens. 
“What the hell? Maggie promised that everyone in this building was safe. I guess a little old lady is pretty easy to fool huh?” 
I snap. It’s one thing to insult Bellamy, I barely know him. Insult me? 
Sure, why not. It’s not like there aren’t tons of people doing it already, I can take it. But Maggie? She is the best person I know, and I can’t stand to hear him speak about her that way. I probably shouldn’t get physical but I just can’t help myself. My hand flies before my brain registers that it’s moving and I slap him hard across the face. 
4/5 
###Chapter 6
Strings of Fate 
6- Abductions and alphas 
Paul swears and raises a hand towards me, but it never connects. Bellamy catches him by the wrist and holds him firmly. When he speaks his tone is deadly. 
“Get out. Never speak with Ryann again. I suggest you look into finding other accommodations since you are so against the presence of Magics.” 
He doesn’t make any threats, but his tone and the look in his eyes is enough. Bellamy releases Paul who backs away before fleeing down the stairs to his own apartment. 
I had hoped that this neighbour might last a little longer than the last few, it seemed it wasn’t going to happen. 
Note–to–self: apologise to Maggie for scaring off her residents. I sigh. 
“I shouldn’t have done that. He didn’t need to know that I’m a Magic. Now Maggie is going to have to get a new resident for the second floor again. She did warn me that he didn’t seem terribly open minded.” I grumble, more to myself than to Bellamy. 
He shrugs. Suddenly he seems a lot less hostile, in the last minute he’s changed from opposition to ally. 
Although I’m not sure he’s noticed the difference, but even his posture is different. Where before he was puffed up and seemed to be carefully watching me for sudden movements, now his shoulders have dropped and it feels like he is actually studying me rather than watching. for signs of danger or deception. 
“The guy deserved what he got.” he seems distracted. He is staring at my arm, or more specifically where my sleeve has fallen down to cover my mark. 
I tug it down further and glare at him. None of this would have happened if he hadn’t been banging down my door. He could have just knocked like a normal person. I really, really just want to go back to bed. I’ve been awake less than half an hour and already my life is falling to bits. I knew today wasn’t going to be a good day. 
1/4 
D85% 
D 14:14 
6- Abductions, and alphas 
“Was there anything else you needed?” I demand impatiently. Sellamy looks confused. 
“Was there anything else you needed from me? Because if there isn’t then I have things to do and would appreciate it if you would just leave already.” Things to do, like sleeping,, on watching Netflix for a few hours before work tonight. 
I also just really want Bellamy to leave. He might be tied to me by a red thread, but I was met prepared for this much emotion this early in the day and I don’t think I am prepared to spend any more time with him 
Were fated to be together, I figure that means I don’t need to mus anything. 
Bellamy gems his mouth to speak but I interrupt 
Rude? 
Yes. But he’s the one who invited himself in. I put a hand on his arm and police towards the door a little. Surprised, he lets me lead him out the apartment. The met sne he ever realises that’s what I’m doing. 
I think we’re dome here. I can’t deal with you right now, so it is time for you to leave.” I tell him firmly, I step back inside. 
“Have a mice day Bellamy: I’m faned to be friends with your sister so im sure I see you around. Bye. “With that I close the door in his face. Moments later he is banging on the door 
“Ramal Open the door, I’m not done talking to you.” He shouts through the door. 
*Well I AM done talking to you. Go wriy Bellbany.” I calll bar. He sveurs under his breath. 
“We aren’t done here. You will talk to me, and soom.” He answers. I peek through my limle window and I see him climbing down the stairs. I watch him leave. 
In fact, I watch until he has left the building and has made his way down the street and 
around the corner. I can see quite far from the third floor after all. I breathe in a sigh of relief 
I feel totally drained and it is far too early to consider the mamifications of finding my soud 
6- Abductions and alphas 
mate. 
So, I shuffle my way back to my room and climb into my bed where I curl up and quickly fall back to sleep. Sleep doesn’t bring the peace I had hoped for however as, even in my sleep, 1 can’t seem to stop replaying the moment Bellamy stepped between Paul and I or his promise. that we would talk again soon. 
Two full days pass by uneventfully before I see another Shifter. I am at work once again. I’m covering a lunch shift. It’s rather last minute as I was scheduled for a day off, but Anthony called this morning and asked me to cover for someone who is sick. 
I don’t think he has ever spoken to me as politely as he did when he was asking for a favour. I don’t particularly want to be here, but, as always, I could use the extra money so I suck it up, although my feet are already killing me in these blasted heels. I mentally curse whoever thought it was a good idea to force us to walk around in these death trap stilts. I hope that person stubs their toes on every possible surface every day for the rest of their lives. I paste on a fake smile so I can take the order of the human businessmen at table fifteen. 
“Hi there, and welcome to Borderline. My name is Ryann and I will be your server today. Can I start you off with any drinks?” None of the three men answer me. They are too busy staring at something. Is there something interesting going on behind me? I hear someone clearing their throat and slowly turn around. I find two burly looking men waiting for me. They’re both wearing jeans and dark t–shirts. 
“Ryann Gale?” One of them asks. What the hell is going on? I nod warily. 
“Good. If you would please accompany us.” The man holds out his arm for me to take. His tone is polite, but I can tell that he isn’t asking so much as telling me to come with him. 
I glance around, trying to spot Anthony but he is nowhere in sight. He probably wouldn’t be much help anyways. I still don’t take his arm. I don’t particularly want to be kidnapped and 
killed or whatever. 
“Who are you and why should I go with you?” I demand.. 
“I apologists Gale. My name is Shaun and this is Aaron. We are from the local feline 
Shifter pack. Our Alpha has requested your presence immediately.” Shaun takes a step closer 
3/4 
6- Abductions and alphas 
so he is way in my personal space. 
It becomes clear that there is no way to avoid leaving with these men without causing a 
scene which isn’t really something I want to do. Doesn’t this place have security? I notice the other server eyeing me but not with concern, she looks angry. Does she think I planned this? Seriously! I make one last attempt. 
“As you can see, I am working right now. If you could come back in a few hours…” I trail off, the Shifters just stare at me. 
###Chapter 7
Strings of Fate 
7- Demands and denials 
“Or maybe 1 can just tell my shift manager that I have to leave…” Shaun grabs my hand and places it on his arm. 
I want to. 
it away but I feel like I probably shouldn’t antagonise this guy, at least not 
until I’m sure he’s not a threat. 
Seeing no real option but to go along with it, I leave my arm there and allow him to lead me from the restaurant. There is a black car parked out front. Shaun opens the door for me to get 
in and climbs in beside me. Aaron makes his way to the drivers seat. 
I rack my mind to consider why a Shifter Alpha would want to see me. Something to do with. Bellamy of course, but what? 
Had he made some complaint about me? Or had he somehow figured out that I was his soul mate and planned to drag me kicking and screaming to the Shifter compound? 
The fact that he has involved his Alpha is hardly promising. I don’t know a lot about Shifter politics and rules, but I do know that, to a Shifter, their Alpha is the highest authority that 
they answer to. 
If I am going to be dragged in front of the feline Alpha, I really would have appreciated some warning, maybe a chance to change into something other than my awful work uniform. 
The car ride is awkward, but thankfully short. We pull into the feline Shifter compound. I’ve 
never been here before, not that I have ever actually wanted to visit or anything. But even if I 
did, Shifters are rather private and it is rare for them to invite non–Shifters into their gates. I wonder if it’s because they have some huge dramatic secret they’re keeping from the rest of the world. Or maybe they just don’t like random people wandering onto their land and trying to snap photos of them in their animal forms. 
I know that a few years ago there were a bunch of humans who were arrested for poaching Shifters. They claimed that the fur and scales gathered from Shifters were of higher quality 
than a normal animal. 
1/5 
Additionally, Shifter blood and bones are apparemniy qutte unetful in potions and as magical tools for Witches and Sorcerers. I find it all matther creepy. Why would you want to drink a portion with blood in it? Maybe if you were a Vampire quem. 
i 
But I’m getting distracted. I notice my blue and weed heads are visible again, so Bellamy and Me?as most both be relatively nearby. 
I peer out the window to see what cam off the Helline Sher’s home. They have a huge amount of land and there are tees everywhere. I suppose so they can run and bunt naturally 
We drive past the trees and come to what is basically a single long street full of houses which I suppose is where all the Shifters live. At the very end of the street is the biggest house of them all and it’s very clearly where we are headed. The houses on this street are all quite large and would cost a fortume, apprently Shifters make a lot more money than I had previously assumed. Not that I spend a lot of time considering Shifter finanwes, I have my own to worry about after all, but I guess it makes sense considering how much land they oOMMIT). 
As I predicted, we stop at the largest house at the very end of the street. Shaun climbs outt 
the car and offers me am am to help me out. I feel a little spiteful comidening that they have basically kidnapped me, so I ignore his arm and get out on my o 
am 
I wonder when Bellamy is going to show up. He has obviously got to be the one who started whatever drama Il a cught up in. It in fair if he gets to avoid everything. Aunom steps 
around the can to join us and once again Shuun takes my hand and pinces in over hits arm to 
lend me along 
I roll my ever and allow it. It’s just not worth the effort to argue. I try and think about what I 
know of the flime Shifter’s Alpha. I think he is an older gentleman. He is pretty will lin 
and I have never heard any crazy stories about him going on rampages on anything like I have for the canine Alpitu. Hopefully, he wont be too bad. 
Suddiemity, I excall another vatory from the news a few months ago. A Shifter Alpim and his wife 
were both killed in a avfall car accident. 
What the tellime Alpha? 
7- Demands and denials 
I’m not sure. We walk through the house, we pass a door where my blue thread leads through. Megan must be through there somewhere. Shaun leads me to an ornate looking wooden door at the end of a ridiculously long hallway. 
I hear a familiar voice from behind the door and my red thread leads straight to it. So apparently Bellamy is here. I knew whatever this is was his fault. Shaun opens the door and enters without knocking. I expect to see at least two people in the room and I am surprised to find only Bellamy. He is on the phone but as we enter he apologises to the person on the other end and hangs up. He stands to greet us.. 
“Alpha Kane. We have bought Ryann Gale here, as you requested.” 
I try and keep my complete and utter shock and horror from my face. 
BELLAMY is the Alpha? 
Of COURSE he is. 
Because if I’m going to have a soul mate, it has to be with the most complicated guy in the immediate area doesn’t it? I sigh internally. I probably need to pay better attention to Shifter politics, I get the feeling I am going to be mixed up in them plenty sometime in the future. 
Still, Bellamy is the Alpha. Does this mean I should be treating him with more respect or something? I disregard the idea immediately. He isn’t MY Alpha. Besides, he basically just ordered me kidnapped. Not cool. 
“Thank you Shaun, Aaron. You may leave.” Both men give him a deep nod before turning and leaving the room. It occurs to me that Aaron literally didn’t speak to me at all. He must be a very quiet person, or maybe he’s just shy. 
I decide to play it cool for now and to see what Bellamy wants before I chew him out for kidnapping me and potentially getting me fired for skipping work. 
I put my hands on my hips and stare him down, keeping my face as blank as possible. Bellamy gestures for me to take a seat opposite his desk but I shake my head. 
“I would rather stand.” I manage to get out without saying anything particularly aggressive to 
3/5 
Emergency calls only! 
7- Demands and denials 
him. So a win for my self–control I think. Bellamy moves to sit on the comer of his desk. 
14:14 
“I have decided that if you really have the power you claim to have, then I should use it. You will spend some time and confirm the relationship, threads you called them? Between my sister and Tristan. If it is true that he has another soul mate then you will help me locate and identify this person.” He explains. 
I stare at him incredulously. Does he honestly think I won’t have a problem with his demands, or being kidnapped? He literally just said he wants to use me. I’m not a toy he can pick up and play with! 
“No.” I state simply. His eyes shoot up to mine, he looks angry. I work not to drop my gaze as 
I usually do. 
“No?” he repeats. 
“Exactly. No. Okay, so I planned to hold my temper but I just can’t do it. 
“Why on Earth would I do anything you tell me to do? You’re ordering me around like I should care about what you think. No. I have no intention of listening to anything you have to say. You show up at my home and invite yourself in. Then, when I tell you to leave, you yell at me, and now you have basically kidnapped me! I was at work. I am probably going to lose my job now because I left early. What gives you the right to do any of this?” I demand. Bellamy glares at me. 
I am th 
Alpha here and leading people is my job.” He states boldly. I roll my eyes. 
“You aren’t my Alpha and you’re definitely no leader. You’re only a leader if people choose to follow you, I had no choice in coming here. That makes you less of a leader and more of an asshole.” I explain. 
Bellamy stands and steps closer to me, glaring down at me. 
“You didn’t exactly leave me any choice. You refused to speak to me when I was at your 
house.” 
“Because you pushed your way in and demanded my time. Did it never occur to you to ASK 
7- Demands and denials 
me, or maybe invite me to meet up with you? If you recall I got myself into this mess because I want to protect your sister. I’m not going to suddenly abandon that. I am perfectly willing to help your sister. What I am not willing to do is run around after you and obey your every 
order like some kind of pet.” 
I expect Bellamy to be fuming by now. 
Instead of yelling back at me, he takes a step away and turns away from me. He sighs deeply and begins pacing the room. He walks back and forth at least three times before he turns back 
to face me. 
###Chapter 8
Strings of Fate 
8- Tests and tombstones 
“You’re right.” He grumbles out. 
“Excuse me?” I question. He repeats himself. 
085% 
14:16 
“You’re right okay? I should have tried asking you first. I will try to remember to do so in the future. I have been worried about my sister and after hearing she got engaged I might have gone a little out of control. Don’t worry about your job. I know the man who owns Borderline, I will make sure you don’t get in trouble for missing your shift today.” He takes a deep breath and releases it. 
“I am hoping that you will agree to help me protect my sister by further investigating Tristan.” He manages to keep his voice calm but seems uncomfortable. I do notice that he hasn’t actually apologised. But I guess admitting he is wrong is the first step. 
“I thought you didn’t really believe in my power?” My tone makes the statement a question. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’m not sure I do. Maybe it is just because you seem to be the only other person around here who is suspicious of Tristan, but I find I really want to trust you.” he explains. 
“So you have decided you do believe me?” I question. Bellamy shrugs again. 
“I’ve decided I want to believe you. So I have come up with a way to test you. I will give you a chance to observe some of my Shifters, and you will tell me which ones are fated mates or any other relationships you can see. I know everyone here and will be able to tell if you are seeing something true.” he explains. He seems proud of his idea. I’m not so sure of it. 
“I don’t know about this. I usually try to avoid sharing what I see. It seems a bit like a violation of privacy to share what threads I can see on people.” I try to explain. Bellamy looks thoughtful. 
“Perhaps, but I can think of no other way to be sure.” I consider for a moment. 
“I will tell you, but I have a few conditions.” Bellamy waits for me to explain. 
1/5 
36 compressed – Go- X 
Download file | iLove X + 
Emergency calls onlyMu 
8- Tests and tombstones 
085% 14:16 
“First, you can’t share the information I tell you, not even with the people themselves. Fate 
knows what it’s doing. I don’t need anyone interfering with it.” Bellamy nods. 
“I can agree to that. What else?” he asks. 
“Second. I won’t tell you anything about your own threads, not unless I feel you really need to know. Most of the time you are better off not knowing.” Bellamy hesitates. I can tell he has something he wants to say but he just nods. 
“Fine. Anything else?” he asks. I nod. 
“One more thing. If I do tell you about someone’s threads. I need you to promise you will try your best not to judge them. No one is perfect and sometimes the threads get tangled and 
mixed up 
and will take time to sort themselves out. It is easy to be frustrated with people when you feel they are making the wrong decisions, but you have to remember they don’t know. Do you understand?” 
“I understand. I can’t judge anyone anyway. It’s not like I have my life all figured out.” he 
states. I nod. 
“Okay, I’ll do your test then.” he grins, pleased. 
“Excellent. If you will follow me then.” he offers me his arm, just as Shaun had. This time, I take it on my own. Bellamy leads me out onto the street where a group of about fifteen 
Shifters stand waiting. 
“I was confident you would agree, so here they are.” he explains smugly. I roll my eyes at him. 
“You didn’t plan to give me much choice so it’s not a surprise. Just pick someone.” I tell him. He points to a man towards the back of the group. 
“His soul mate is the lady with red hair on the far right.” I answer. Bellamy nods, a pleased 
expression on his face. 
“What about the woman in the pink shirt?” he questions. 
“Her soul mate is the really tall guy in the middle. The blonde one.” Bellamy is about to talk 
2/5 
8- Tests and tombstones 
again but I hold up a hand. 
085% 
14:16 
“I’m not done. She also is fated to be friends with the guy at the front. The one wearing all black who looks a little goth if you ask me.” I explain. Bellamy smiles. 
“Can you tell me more about him?” I nod. 
“He has a fated mate nearby, but not in this group. His mate is…” I spin around and wave at a group of houses to my right. 
“Somewhere over there. Also he will be a mentor to someone.” I squint as my eyes follow the green thread. It leads to one of the women in the group, but not to her chest as it usually would but to her stomach instead. 
“Is that blonde woman pregnant?” I ask. Bellamy grins, absolutely delighted. 
“I hope so, she has been trying for a child for a while now.” he answers. I smile, pleased for her. 
“I’m glad it’s good news then. The guy in black will be mentor to the child. Maybe not right away, but he will be.” Bellamy looks beyond happy at this point. 
“Okay, one more.” He asks. He points to an elderly woman who hovers at the back of the group. Her expression is pleasant enough but her general demeanour is sad. Her red thread leads away from the group. I have an awful feeling about this. I decide to follow the thread properly rather than just point to it. Bellamy follows behind me as I make my way through the compound. My fears are confirmed when I find myself in a small cemetery. I make my way over to the stone the red thread leads to. There are flowers lying over the stone. I kneel before it and place a hand over the cool rock. I can feel a few tears running down my cheeks. It always breaks my heart to see threads connecting to those who are no longer with us. I know that death happens to everyone eventually, but it seems unfair that fate gives us soul mates then allows us to be parted from them. But they aren’t really parted are they? The glowing red thread in front of me shows me that even now the two of them are connected. One day, they will be reunited. I take a deep breath and stand up, turning to face Bellamy as I do so. I wipe the tears from my face onto my sleeve, then cross my arms over my chest. 
“Are you satisfied?” I demand. Bellamy looks apologetic. 
3/5 
8- Tests and tombstone 
“I… I didn’t think you would see anything for her. I expected you to say you couldn’t answer.” he blurts out. I sigh. It isn’t his fault, not really. He didn’t mean any harm by this. 
“Will you tell me what you see?” he asks, almost timidly. 
“The same thing I see for everyone else. There’s a red thread connecting their hearts.” I place a hand over his heart for just a moment before dropping it to my side. 
“From right here. It never fades, as long as one of the pair is still living. It seems that fate doesn’t believe in the saying until death do us part. I stare sadly down at the grave. It’s time to pull myself together, I decide. I shake my sad thoughts from my head. 
“So, do you believe me now?” I demand. Bellamy nods. 
“Yes, definitely.” he assures me. 
“Good. So, can I see your sister now?” I ask. 
“Yes, let’s head back to my office, I’ll call her from there.” he hesitates a moment before. 
continuing. 
“I don’t want to tell her the reason you are here. Not yet. If she knows she will likely be rather uncooperative. She is stubborn that way. Besides, there really isn’t a good way to say ‘I think your fiance is evil“.” I consider for a moment, not sure I like the idea of lying. 
7 
“You want me to hide my powers from her? I’m fated to be her friend, I’m not sure I want to 
do that.” I remind him. 
“No, I think you should tell her about your powers, just don’t tell her that you’re here to investigate her and Tristan. I don’t think it would be useful to tell everyone about your powers though, if you don’t mind.” I shrug. 
“I usually prefer it that way. You’re the first person I’ve told about my magic in years. actually.” Bellamy seems surprised. I ignore his shock and push on. 
“So what am I supposed to tell Megan about why I am here?” A red flush runs along Bellamy’s face. 
4/5 
8- Tests and tombstones 
“Tell her you’re here to find my soul mate.” 
###Chapter 9
9- Fate and friendships 
Bellamy sounds incredibly embarrassed. My eyes are wide. He couldn’t possibly have figured it 
out could he? 
“Um…” I am unsure how to ask my question but Bellamy catches on fast. 
“It is generally accepted that a Shifter should have a mate before taking over as Alpha. Due to my parents‘ sudden passing, I had to take over early. It has caused some… friction… among the other Shifter groups. They don’t respect me as they should because of it. Some demand that I should step down and allow a mated Shifter to replace me, one of the Betas. I have no intention of doing so and most feline Shifters here follow me easily enough. But a mate. would simplify things. If you say you’re here for me, my sister will believe it.” Bellamy pauses ? before speaking again, his voice halting. 
“Do you- oh no, I promised not to ask. Never mind.” I released a deep breath. If Bellamy outright asks me who his soul mate is, or if I am his soul mate, I am really not sure I can lie to him. I really don’t want to have to. That’s why I made one of my conditions that he not ask. I just nod and take his arm as he leads me back towards his office. The silence is 
awkward so I decide to break it. 
“So, how many feline Shifters are there?” I ask, curious. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’m not entirely sure. There are about three–hundred living in the compound walls, but there are plenty of others who prefer to live alone or in smaller family groups.” This confuses me a 
little. 
“I thought all the Shifters lived in groups? Aren’t you Alpha over all the felines?” I question. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Not everyone. There are too many Shifters for that, and we don’t force people to live here. There are Shifters all around the world after all. I am still Alpha over all the felines though. You are right in saying that. The most dominant Shifter in each group of felines is a Beta who acts as Alpha over that group when I am not available. But ultimately, they all listen to me. At least they are supposed to.” I am fascinated, Shifters don’t usually share a lot about themselves with non–Shifters, so most of this is entirely new to me. I’m surprised that Bellamy is being so open about it all. When we walk past where the group of Shifters had 
1/5 
assonbilitationdioniconsertthat they have all scattered and gonectinthedayys.Ilsith introrailly, iffamilyitt were that easy. have themext couple dayssoffworks.Tiaatissaassuming 
I 
that I still have a job.lollype Bellamy was serious wherleesaidwouderto 
multe sure–ll dimitt gratiinttrouble.finding job is hard whenyourrem Magicwhitoddesmitifit Bortleine is owned by a humanthuttbacked by Magics, smittissoneofthisconttyplaces intto thutt hiiress humans and Wingies as well as having inthisscustomers llammscolostinmy 
havingthinthas 
thoughts that I barely notice when Bellamy leads smeeintiohis sofffice Hefferrsmesseatar 
this time ll take it. He picks up the phone. Ittrings for few seconds. 
“Hey Miers. Cum you come downto the officehave someoneclercellhindoyoushouldine 
Yes it is almut the Alphaiissue we discussed before: Yess.Thats fine.Okaysseeyoutinmit 
Bye. Bellamyhangs up the phone and groanss. 
She is goingtoleamightmare about this donneettaskanthaestingabout.!] might not have any siblings (thatliamaware of fattleastuternicansseet that interfering herbornthers lovellife would he hilariousstocanyysisterr.ligiggiteallittleumden mytbreath and 
Bellamy shunts me a glare. 
“It’s sweet of youtossacrifice your dignityforyourrisseissake comment and his glare softensa little. Affew moments later thredbototheofficeswiggsoppennand Megan strides 
alirontly talking as she enters the room. 
“Hey Bels!I’m there.” Herrevesstandtomme. 
“This is the person you wantedimentcomes“myythreathfforaamiontent, wondering if she will recognise messher waitresssfromtheentier might.Etbecomespretty clear thatishe doesn’t. I’m okay with that. Ilstondanddoffermizenmywand. 
Hi,miRyann Gale. YourceMegamright Iltryyttossontlocdimbbutikammioretthanmalittlee excited to meetther Sleetakossmyvliant,utinsstaatioissakingiitssheuses it to pulli neccius She stares atmy.eyess. 
Wow, your eyes are scotrippy.lindaletten sierrenzaties.locould love her just for that 
one statement:have always sheernisseurcationummy mussualeyes. They freakipeoplecounts much thatthiave developedaliatiftoffawoddinggoyeccontact most ofthecinte Secreteassem Hand. 
2 
assembled earlier I can see that they have all scattered and gone about their days. I sigh internally, if only it were that easy. I have the next couple days off work. That is assuming that I still have a job. I really hope Bellamy was serious when he said he would be able to make sure I don’t get in trouble. Finding a job is hard when you’re a Magic who doesn’t fit in. Borderline is owned by a human but backed by Magics, so it is one of the only places in town. that hires humans and Magics as well as having both as customers. I am so lost in my thoughts that I barely notice when Bellamy leads me into his office. He offers me a seat and this time I take it. He picks up the phone. It rings for a few seconds. 
“Hey Megs. Can you come down to the office? I have someone here I think you should meet… Yes it is about the Alpha issue we discussed before. Yes. That’s fine. Okay I’ll see you in a few. Bye.” Bellamy hangs up the phone and groans. 
“She is going to be a nightmare about this.” I don’t need to ask what he’s talking about. I 
might not have any siblings (that I am aware of at least) but even I can see that interfering in her brother’s love life would be hilarious to any sister. I giggle a little under my breath and Bellamy shoots me a glare. 
“It’s sweet of you to sacrifice your dignity for your sister’s sake.” I comment and his glare 
softens a little. A few moments late 
the door to the office swings open and Megan strides in, 
already talking as she enters the room. 
“Hey Bels! I’m here.” Her eyes land on me. 
“This is the person you wanted me to meet?” I hold my breath for a moment, wondering if she will recognise me as her waitress from the other night. It becomes pretty clear that she doesn’t. I’m okay with that. I stand and offer her my hand. 
“Hi, I’m Ryann Gale. You’re Megan right?” I try to sound calm but I am more than a little. excited to meet her. She takes my hand, but instead of shaking it she uses it to pull me closer. 
She stares at my eyes. 
“Wow, your eyes are so trippy. I kinda love them.” she remarks. I could love her just for that one statement. I have always been insecure about my unusual eyes. They freak people out so much that I have developed a habit of avoiding eye contact most of the time. She releases my 
hand. 
2/5 
that, for once, I don’t drop my gaze. It occurs to me that I don’t automatically drop my gaze around Bellamy either, but I think that has more to do with stubbornness than comfort. 
“So, you’re the one my brother has called in to help with his situation? Are you guys dat 
dating or something?” she demands. I go white and stare at her in horror. We might be soul mates. and sure we are destined to end up together. But Bellamy has been a bit of a jerk. The idea of 
dating him right now is awful. Bellamy rescues me. 
“She isn’t even a Shifter Megan.” he points out. I cringe internally. So he only dates Shifters. then? He is in for a rude awakening when he does learn the truth. Maybe I should just never bring it 
up. Ever. 
“So what? There’s no rule saying you can’t date a human.” she points out. I like her more and 
more every moment. I decide now is a good time to interrupt. 
“I’m not human actually. I’m a Magic.” I inform her. Her eyes light up with curiosity. 
“Oooh really? What kind?” I shrug. 
“I don’t really know. I’m an unknown. I know what my power is. I just can’t find anyone else 
with the same power.” I explain. Megan grins. 
“You’re unique then. I could have guessed that. I don’t know any Magics with hair and eyes like yours.” She points out. I shift uncomfortably. She rolls her eyes at me. 
“Now don’t be like that. I didn’t say being unique is a bad thing, now did I? So, tell me about this power of yours. If you aren’t dating my brother then that must be why you’re here?” she prods. I smile at her brightly. I give her a basic explanation of my powers. She seems totally 
fascinated. 
“So you can see relationships?” I shake my head. 
“Not quite, I can see relationships that are fated to happen. People have tons of relationships. 
I only see the ones that, fate has deemed important for some reason.” I explain. 
“Cool!” She seems very enthusiastic. 
3/5 
“You believe me then?” I ask, cautiously. She nods vigorously. 
“You convinced my brother, didn’t you? He’s the most suspicious and distrustful person I know. If he believes you it has to be true.” 
“Thanks Megs.” Bellamy interjects drily. At that moment, a red thread began to glow from Megan’s chest. It showed that she had already met her soul mate, her real soul mate that is. How unusual for two people to have met their soul mates but be engaged to someone else. Whoever her fated soul mate is, he must have just come close enough for me to see the thread. Megan notices me staring at her. 
“Something you want to share, Ryann?” she asks. I nod. 
“I was just looking at your threads. I…” I glance over to Bellamy who nods encouragingly. 
“You have a blue thread. Connecting to me.” I blurt out. 
“Blue thread? That’s the friends one right?” she cos. I nod silently, incredibly nervous. 
“That’s why I volunteered to help Bellamy. I thought I might get a chance to get to know you.” Megan actually looks delighted. 
“This is awesome. So we’re friends then?” she asks me. I’m totally shocked by her ace 
acceptance. 
“Well, the thread just shows that we will be friends. It doesn’t have to be right away. Unless you want to be.” I explain. She nods along happily. 
“I would love to be friends. I am definitely curious about your powers and you seem like fun.” 
I don’t think I have ever been as excited as I am right now. 
“So, you’re going to hang around and see if you can set my brother up mischievously. I laugh. 
then?” Megan asks. 
“Something like that.” I avoid the question. Bellamy takes advantage of the silence to speak 
up. 
“I obviously can’t spend all day with Ryann so I was hoping you would play tour guide for her. 
4/5 
Show Ryann around a bit and spend some time with her so she can… learn a little bit about life and the people here. We plan to keep her powers a secret for now, so spending time with you will raise fewer questions.” Bellamy explains. What a tactful way of saying I’m here to be nosy and spy on everyone. Megan just nods. 
“I suppose that’s why you told me to get Darrien to bring the car around for me? So we could talk without him listening then?” she confirms. Bellamy nods. Megan turns to me. 
“You have a phone right? Here give me your number.” We trade phone numbers and she is absolutely appalled at the lack of contacts in my phone. I have work contacts and Maggie. Megan gets a text and glances at her phone. 
“Oh, Darrien has the car out front. I have to get to my class, I’ll be late if I wait any longer.” Bellamy gets to his feet. 
“We can walk you out. Darrien should meet Ryann anyway.” Megan nods and is already making her way towards the door. 
POST COMMENT 
###Chapter 10
10- Incubi and intimidation 
Bellamy, once again offers me his arm. I take it and allow him to lead me out to the front of the building where a Shifter man waits patiently. He is dressed in jeans and a dark shirt, much like Shaun and Aaron. He is quite tall and bulky, if he weren’t so p 
polite he would probably be intimidating. He has chocolate brown hair. His eyes are brown too but seem tinted orange so they don’t quite look human. He is well built and if I do say so myself, quite attractive. “This is Darrien, Megan’s guard.” Bellamy says quietly. The guy is cute, but what really catches my attention is the red thread connecting his heart to Megan’s. Interesting. I go out of my way to smile at him and shake his hand. 
“Hi, I’m Ryann Gale. You’re Darrien right? It’s nice to meet you.” The man smiles kindly and mumbles a quiet greeting. I can already see that he is the gentle giant type. Although I wouldn’t put it past him to be seriously scary if someone threatened Megan. He assesses met with his eyes, as if determining if I am a threat before shaking my hand. He then steps back. to allow Megan to say her farewells. I notice his eyes follow her. So the lack of interest is not on his end then. I figure Megan is the oblivious one in this relationship. Or lack of relationship as it may be. My thoughts are interrupted by shock when Megan grabs me and pulls me into a quick hug. 
“I have my engagement party in a week, I plan to go shopping tomorrow morning. Want to come with me? It will give us a chance to get to know each other a bit better and I can start answering any questions you have about Shifters.” I eagerly accept her offer. 
“Cool, I’ll text you details after class. See ya!” She hops into the passenger seat of the car and. waves out the window as she and Darrien drive away. 
“Well that was interesting.” I comment to Bellamy. He raises an eyebrow. I shake my head. 
“Don’t worry about it. I shouldn’t have said anything.” He 
groans. 
“You’re going to be like this a lot aren’t you? It’s going to drive me crazy keeping those promises I gave.” He sighs. 
“Well, there’s not really anything else to be done today and it will be getting dark soon. Can I give you a ride home?” he offers. I hesitate before realising that I don’t exactly have any other options. I nod. Bellamy offers me his arm yet again. I stare at it. 
10- Incubi and intimidation 
“Why do you keep offering me your arm like that? Shaun did it too. I can walk on my own.” I point out. Bellamy seems surprised. 
“You don’t know a lot about Shifters do you?” I shake my head. He takes my hand and places it over his arm. 
“When a Shifter offers their arm to escort you, it is also offering protection. It is an assurance that you have nothing to fear and you will be protected as long as they are accompanying you.” He explains. I frown. 
“Why would I need protection?“I question. Bellamy shrugs. 
“You probably don’t, but the gesture means that if you should need it, you have it.” he points 
out. 
“Why does Megan have a guard? you seem to walk around without them.” I ask. 
“It would seem weak for an Alpha to walk around needing protection. But it also seems weak to not provide protection for one’s family. Megan has only one guard and honestly she can take care of herself. Darrien knows this, he is more for show than anything else.” I think for a 
moment. 
“I’d still bet he could do some serious damage if you made him angry.” I comment. I can feel Bellamy shake as he laughs. 
“You would win that bet.” We reach the end of the street part of the compound and there seems to be an area that has been designated as a parking lot. He pulls keys from his pocket and the lights flash on yet another fancy looking car. A dark blue one this time. I hop in the passenger seat as Bellamy takes the wheel. Bellamy reverses out of the park and heads to the gates. We have just reached the main road when it occurs to me how hungry I am and that I have nothing to eat at home. I probably have enough to get a cheap takeout. 
“Hey, can you drop me at that diner down the street from my house? I got kidnapped and missed my lunch break.” I say pointedly. Bellamy groans again. 
“You’re not going to drop that are you?” he questions. I shrug. We drive in silence for a few minutes until Bellamy parks the car in front of the diner. I climb out the car and am surprised 
2/5 
10- Incubi and intimidation 
to see him doing the same. 
“What are you doing?” I question. 
“I’m hungry. Besides, I promised to see you home. So that’s what I am going to do.” he informs me. I roll my eyes. He steps forward and once again offers me his arm. It seems a little more significant now that I know what it means and I appreciate the gesture as more than just typical politeness. I place my hand on his arm and let him lead me inside. The diner is a small place. It is owned by some rich Sorcerer who is never around, so for the most part it is run by his niece. It is for Magics only (his rule), but despite the racism which really can’t be avoided in a city like this, it’s not a bad place for a reasonably priced meal. Bellamy and I sit across from each other in a little comer booth area. It’s the kind of place where you choose what you want, then go up and let the counter know and tell them your table number. The place is too small to justify hiring waiters and waitresses so there aren’t any. I decide on a pasta dish and an orange juice. Bellamy wants a steak. I go to stand but he waves me off. 
“I’ll order, you sit.” I roll my eyes. He’s nice to me now that I’ve agreed to help him. He makes his way up to the counter. 
“Ryann?” I hear a male voice from somewhere to my left. I turn and see a man, someone I vaguely recognise from the orphanage I grew up in. Harrison? I haven’t seen him in years. We spent time together as kids but lost touch as we reached our teenage years, it’s a pretty typical occurrence with Inccubi. They don’t tend to have a lot of friends as teenagers. Women either date them or hate them and men are either jealous or they’re competition. Since I never wanted to date Harrison and didn’t want to grow to hate him, I distanced myself. I’m not sure he even noticed. 
“Harrison?” I stand up to greet him and as he drags me into a hug I am reminded of how touchy feely Inccubi can be. He runs his hand up and down my back gently until I pull away. Harrison is the typical tall, dark and handsome guy. He looks like a movie star and is used to women falling at his feet to please him. Silly girls, while it’s true that Inccubi are into seduction, what they enjoy is the chase. Giving an Incubus what he wants is a sure fire way to make sure he never calls you back. Resisting Inccubi is something that most girls struggle with, the same way men struggle to refuse a Succubus. Their magic is geared towards seduction. They can make you relax or feel excited on a whim and often do. Having grown up around both Inccubi and Succubi, I am pretty much immune to them at this point. Seeing their threads helps. Even they have a soul mate. It is much easier to resist their seductions when I can see they’re meant for someone else. As I pull away from Harrison he gives me an 
3/5 
easy grin. 
“You haven’t changed Ry. Still keeping everyone at arms length.” He observes. I laugh at him. 
“I know better than to taunt an Incubus Harrison.” I remind him. He sighs. 
“Don’t I know it.” I return to my seat. Harrison decides to sit where Bellamy had been sitting only a moment ago. He reaches across the table to hold my hand. I don’t pull away, it would only encourage him to chase after me. 
So, how have you been, Ry?” he asks. I open my mouth to respond when Bellamy returns. He looks angry and is glaring at Harrison with his arms crossed over his chest. I pull my hand. 
away. 
“Bellamy, this is Harrison. Harrison, this is Bellamy. He’s Alpha of the feline Shifters.” I introduce them. I am forced to move over a little as Bellamy slides himself into the booth beside me since Harrison is in his seat. Harrison looks bemused. 
“Running with Shifters now are you Ry? I have to say that’s unexpected. Too good for us Inccubi. now?” he jokes. I roll my eyes at him. Bellamy leans over to speak in my ear. 
“Is the Inccubi. bothering you? I can make him leave.” He offers. I shake my head. 
“Thanks but no thanks. I’m used to Inccubi. Besides, Harrison here is like the older brother I never wanted. Aren’t you Harry.” Harrison collapses back in the seat in fake shock. 
“Brother? Oh you wound my pride. How will I ever face my fellow Inccubi knowing I have been friend–zoned, no brother–zoned if there is such a thing.” he whines. I giggle. 
“I’m sure you’ll be fine.” Harrison catches Bellamy’s glare and stands from his seat. He pulls a card from his pocket with his number on it and hands it to me. I slip it into my phone case to keep it safe. 
“Well, I know when I’m not needed. So I will be on my way.” he eyes me speculatively. 
“I might have been wrong before, maybe you aren’t keeping EVERYONE at arms length. Not. that I blame you, he is a bit of a cutie isn’t he.” He glances pointedly back and forth between 
4/5 
myself and Bellamy. I open my mouth to but Bellamy speaks before I can. 
“Have a nice evening… Harrison.” he grinds out awkwardly. 
“You too Alpha kitty. Take care of Ryann for me!” Harrison gives a cheeky little wave before leaving us be. 
###Chapter 11
11- Arguments and agreements 
Bellamy immediately turns to me. 
“Are you okay?” he asks in a hurry. 
“Of course I am. He’s an Incubus sure, but he isn’t going to hurt me.” I assure him. Bellamy looks doubtful. 
“You sure he didn’t try anything? You know how Inccubi, can be.” His voice is thick with implications. I glare at him. 
“Now that’s just rude. He’s a person like anyone else. He has a soul mate just like anyone else. I’m not sure who, I don’t know if they’ve met yet. It just takes a while for Inccubi, and Succubi to settle down is all. He’s basically harmless.” Bellamy looks confused. 
Π 
“I’ve e seen people run into Inccubi, and leave with them after only a minutes conversation once they turn on their charm. It doesn’t seem to affect you at all.” I shrug. 
“Harry wasn’t really trying. Inccubi like games. As long as you let them know that you aren’t playing, they lose interest.” Bellamy nods. 
“Fine, it’s good that you aren’t really affected by them. Just remember that I promised to see you home.” he reminds me. I glare at him. 
“I don’t need a babysitter.” Bellamy opens his mouth to argue but stops himself. 
“Oh just forget it. It’s not worth the argument.” The awkwardness is terrible and made worse. by the fact that Bellamy is still sitting close beside me. He hasn’t returned to his original seat. I’m saved by the pretty girl from the counter coming and placing our food on the table in front of us. I pick up my fork and start eating. I’m finding it really difficult to ignore how crowded I feel with Bellamy sitting next to me, particularly with the empty seat directly across from us. Bellamy doesn’t seem to share my problem. He just settles into the seat further. I watch him out the corner of my eye as I eat. I am pretty sure this is the most relaxed and happy I’ve seen him all day. That must be some seriously good steak I guess. I endure the rest of the meal in the most frustrating silence. If this is what life is going to be 
1/4 
like with a soul mate then I think I should return him. Am I being too judgemental? Knowing 
what I know, it’s really hard not to judge and evaluate everything about Bellamy. Seeing that Bellamy has also finished eating, I gesture for him to get up so we can leave and begin standing slightly so I can slide out of my seat once he moves. Suddenly, Bellamy grabs my wrist and gently, but firmly, pulls me back down. I glare at him but return to my seat. 
I 
“Wait… I didn’t intend to imply earlier that you aren’t capable of taking care of yourself. It’s just… I told you earlier that offering you my arm is offering my protection right? It’s sort of connected to that. It might seem paranoid, overprotective or like I think you need a babysitter, but that’s not what I mean. It’s for my sake more than anything else, I offered you protection, I have to feel like I’m giving it or I’ll be incredibly frustrated.” Bellamy groans and 
leans his head onto his hand. 
“I have no idea how to explain this. I would never have to explain this to another Shifter.” he grumbles. Honestly, that stings a bit. I find that more offensive than anything else he’s said so 
far. 
“Well I’m so sorry that my species is so inconvenient to you. Now would you move already so I can go home?” I glare at him and push against his chest slightly. He doesn’t budge. He raises his eyes to the ceiling. I’m pretty sure he’s praying for patience, or counting to ten. 
Whatever it is he does to calm himself. 
“I didn’t mean that. I was just trying to say that this is part of Shifter culture. I’ve never had to explain it before and I don’t really know how.” His golden eyes are pleading with me to 
understand. I take a deep breath. 
“How about we just forget about this?” I suggest. I’m sure Bellamy will jump at the chance to drop the topic but he hesitates. 
“You’re going to be around for a while, this is bound to come up again at some point. Particularly if you’re going to be friends with my sister. Maybe… Maybe you could ask Megan about it tomorrow? She can probably explain it better than I can since she’s on the receiving end of this pretty much all the time.” I can tell from his tone that Bellamy is nervous just suggesting I discuss it with his sister. Whatever it is that I’m apparently not getting must be really important to him if he is willing to encourage me to discuss his behaviour with his sister of all people. I suppose since he is my fated mate I’m going to have to learn about Shifter culture eventually. He is right in saying avoiding the problem won’t solve anything. It 
occurs to me that Bellamy tends to be rather direct when facing problems. Note from a 
2/4 
stranger? Track them down. Someone won’t listen? Kidnap them and make them listen. I’m so lost in my thoughts that it takes Bellamy clearing his throat to remind me that he is still waiting for me to respond. I sigh and nod. 
“Fine, I’ll talk to Megan about it tomorrow. She promised to help me learn more about Shifters anyway.” Bellamy releases the breath he was holding. Finally he stands up and moves so I can slide out of the booth. We make our way to the counter and I start to get my purse out to pay. Bellamy stops me with a hand on my arm. 
“Let me, please. I’ll pay and we can call it even okay?” I frown but decide to let him pay if he really wants. I do notice that, yet again, he has avoided outright apologising. He did try in his OWI WAT 
way to make it up to me by buying dinner though, so I guess I can let it slide just this once. As we head out to the car I decide to try and reduce the tension between us a little. 
So, you’ll probably be happy to hear that Paul from downstairs in my building moved out the day after he met you. I was surprised how fast he managed it. Maggie is already advertising for a new tenant. Hopefully it will be someone nicer this time.” I say conversationally. Bellamy looks smug. 
“Good. He was an asshole. He’s not someone you should be forced to endure.” 
“Oh, well thanks, I guess? I can’t say Maggie was happy about him leaving, it is inconvenient after all. But she wasn’t too upset. She had already noticed he seemed a bit judgey and she is far too sweet to deal with that kind of behaviour.” I inform him. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I didn’t scare the guy off for her. But I’m glad you’re pleased with the results and that it didn’t cause too much trouble with your friend.” He opens the car door for me and I climb in. The drive to my home only takes about another minute. Once again he parks the car and climbs out. 
As I unlock the door, Bellamy notices a plate of brownies on my window sill with a note. 
*I’ll keep you updated on any potential tenants we get. Stop by for tea sometime soon. 
-Love Maggie.* 
Bellamy reads the note aloud. I head inside and Bellamy follows me. He places my shoes on 
3/4
11–Arguments and agreements 
the floor by the door where I left them the last time he stopped by. Next, he places the plastic wrap covered plate of brownies onto the bench. 
I will see you at some point tomorrow, probably after whatever activities my sister has planned for you. I believe she intends to meet Tristan for dinner. I am hoping we will be able to follow him from there.” Bellamy suggests. I nod my agreement. He shuffles slightly towards the door, glances back at the bench where the brownies sit before sighing and seeing himself out. He closes the door behind him. I am about to head to my room when I hear him tapping on my window. I glance out and see him gesturing for me to lock my door. I roll my eyes but 
comply. 
###Chapter 12
12- Messages and mornings 
I go and change into my fluffy unicorn pyjamas. I plug my phone onto charge and climb into the very corner of my bed where I am most comfortable. I watch as my red thread fades from my view. Bellamy must have driven far enough away that I can’t see it anymore. Considering that we are fated to be together, he is very annoying. He is definitely not the kind of person I expected fate to give to me. I still can’t imagine being with him for the rest of my life. He is bossy and demanding, the complete opposite of me. I am pulled from my thoughts when I feel my phone vibrating next to me. I have a text from Megan. 
Megan- Hey, so I’m thinking brunch tomorrow followed by shopping. I want a dress for my engagement party!!! Pick you up at 10am 
I responded with my acceptance and my address. I have never really been shopping with a friend before and I find I am insanely excited. I probably can’t buy much given my limited income. But it should still be fun helping Megan pick something. I put my phone down only for it to vibrate again. 
Megan- This should be fun. My brother promised to pay for my dress as an engagement gift so we should pick the most expensive thing in the store. 3 
I laugh out loud at that. 
Ryann- Hahaha definitely. Speaking of your brother I’m supposed to ask you some questions about Shifters and stuff tomorrow if that’s okay? He tried to explain some things and it resulted in an argument. He suggested I should just talk to you instead. 
Megan- Oh of course, I’m happy to help. Don’t mind my brother. He’s so stubborn you would think he shifts into a pig instead of a cat. We can have a proper chat tomorrow. I’ll see you at 10. Night! 
Ryann- Good night Megan. 
I had almost forgotten that being a Shifter doesn’t just mean they live separately from others and apparently have lots of money. They actually do shift into animals. I try to imagine Bellamy as a cat. I have no idea what kind he is though. Something big I assume. He is the 
1/4 
Alpha after all. I honestly can’t imagine him as a cat. I’ve always wanted a cat, but my income has never been reliable enough. Well, it has been better recently. Maybe I should get one. A wicked little corner of my mind comments that I have a soul mate who is a feline Shifter. I basically already have a cat. I giggle. Maybe I can put that in the pros column for my 
imaginary being–stuck–with–Bellamy–for–the–rest–of–my–life chart to 
now I’ve been very focused on the cons of Bellamy. He’s stubborn, and annoying. He doesn’t seem to trust people other than his Shifter family. He has a tendency to look down on non–Shifters. He is terrible at apologising and it seems he doesn’t know how to ask for things, only demand. I force myself to try and think of some pros, it’s not fair for me to only look at the negatives. Well, he has a great sister. Okay that 
doesn’t really count, I need to try harder. His sister loves him. That’s a better one. He is a good brother. He is protective of his family. He is responsible I suppose, as Alpha, he is in charge of a whole ton of people. I think back to when he got defensive about Harrison earlier. It was sort of insane. I was never going to go off with Harrison. I don’t even really find him attractive. Okay, that’s a lie. Harrison is gorgeous. But like most Incubi, he reminds me a bit of a peacock, always flaunting and showing off. I find I prefer guys who don’t make a big deal out of how attractive they are, or are at least a little more serious. I groan as I realise that description applies to Bellamy perfectly. Until this moment I haven’t given much consideration to how Bellamy looks. Now I do. I suppose it is a little shallow of me, but if I can’t be shallow and honest with myself in my own head when else am I going to be? Okay, so Bellamy is fairly attractive. Scratch that, the guy is drop dead gorgeous. He’s tall, dark and handsome like Harry is, but not flashy. Definitely fit, most Shifters are after all. He dresses nicely enough. Denim jeans and a button up shirt has been 
his uniform thus far. I sigh, I have probably looked like a mess every time he’s seen me. Pyjamas or work clothes. Not that it matters, I am fairly sure he isn’t looking at me in that way at all. He is too busy trying to find himself a perfect Shifter mate so that he can secure his position as Alpha. He proved it earlier when he made it pretty clear that he hasn’t even considered dating a non–Shifter. Even if he did look at me that way it would only be because 
he is desperate for a mate. We haven’t exactly had the kind of interactions that would endear me to him. This line of thought is making me depressed. I set an alarm for morning, flick off the light by my bed and cuddle deeper under my blankets where I know I am safe and nothing can touch me. Sleep doesn’t come quickly, but it does come and I am surrounded by the warmth of my blankets while my dreams are drowning in golden eyes. 
I cringe as my alarm rings loudly. It’s 8:30 am. I smash buttons on my phone blindly in the dark until I manage to turn it off. Collapsing back into my pillows I stare up at the ceiling. and resist the desire to go back to sleep. I don’t feel like I’ve slept at all. With a groan, I roll out of bed and shiver as I stumble into my little bathroom. I turn the shower on so the water can heat up while I strip. I step into the scorching hot water and bask in the warmth as I go 
2/4 
Messages and mornings 
about washing my hair. Once I’m clean and out the shower, I head back to my room while bundled up in my big fluffy towel and try to decide on an outfit. Excitement starts to penetrate my overly sleepy brain. I get to spend the day with Megan. My friend. I actually have a friend, a proper friend, not just a chat with at work‘ friend or a ‘we say hi when we into each other but never actually talk aside from that friend. Brunch and shopping, I don’t think I have ever actually done those things with someone else before. I pick out a cute top which is pale blue, almost white and matches my eyes almost perfectly. I pair it with a black flip skirt after checking the weather app on my phone and confirming it should be relatively warm today. I pick out a pair of light blue sandals and slip them on. I run a brush through my damp hair and glance at my reflection in the mirror. I have dark lashes which only serve to make my strange, pale eyes stand out even more. My complexion is pretty clear so I decide not to bother trying to struggle with makeup today. I’d rather enjoy my day than spend the time stressing about whether I got my eyeliner even or not. I am just grabbing my bag when I hear a firm knocking at my front door. I practically run to answer it. I swing the door open and Megan is standing waiting on the other side with Darrien standing a few steps behind her. Megan is quite tall, but Darrien makes her look tiny when he stands near her. Megan is wearing an aqua sundress and looks absolutely stunning. 
“Morning!” She chimes. I can’t help but smile back at her. 
“Good morning Megan! You too Darrien.” I add. He nods with a small smile. Definitely the quiet type. I step outside and lock my door behind me. Darrien leads the way down the stairs while Megan and I follow. Darrien beats us to the car and opens the door for us. Megan slides in and I follow after her. 
“So, I’m thinking food first if you don’t mind. Then I really want to find a perfect dress for my engagement party so this might take a while, gotta fuel up first. Spending my brother’s money is one of my favourite hobbies after all. I wonder what colour dress we should pick out for you?” she considers. I shake my head. 
“Oh, I can’t afford a dress right now, don’t worry about it. We’re shopping for you today.” I inform her. She is shaking her head as I speak. 
“No, no, no. Bellamy is paying for everything today, and you must have made a good impression because he insisted your dress be included. Don’t worry about money.” I stare at 
her in shock. 
“No way Megan, I can’t let your brother pay for my dress. That’s not fair to him at all.” I 
3/4 
12- Messages and mornings 
complain. She is rifling through her purse. 
“Bellamy said you would say that. He wrote you a note. 
###Chapter 13
13- Gifts and guards 
Here.” She hands me a folded square of paper. I unfold it and read. 
*Ryann, 
Since you will be attending my sister’s engagement party and will be assisting me with the matter we previously discussed, it is only right that I provide you with the appropriate attire for the occasion. As such, I hope that while you are shopping with Megan today you will choose a dress for yourself which I will pay for. (Megan has my credit card) 
Bellamy 
I am gaping at the note, totally confused. What the actual hell is this? Is Bellamy just super generous all of a sudden? Or maybe he is trying to bribe me to cooperate more or something. Either way, it is completely unacceptable. He might be my fate but that doesn’t mean I’m comfortable going around spending his money. Particularly since we aren’t actually together yet. I drop the note and turn to Megan, about to voice my ions when she hands me a phone. My phone which she apparently took from my bag while I was reading. 
“I added my brother’s number. I figure you’re planning to call him now right?” she grins at me as I roll my eyes but nod. I flick through my contacts and find his name. I hit the call button and wait. It rings only a few times before he answers. 
“Alpha Kane speaking.” he says formally. 
“You can’t just buy me a dress.” I state firmly, not bothering to say who is calling or anything. It should be obvious, well unless he often offers to buy random women dresses which I suppose is technically possible. But it doesn’t seem likely. 
“Good morning Ryann.” he responds, keeping his tone pleasant. 
“You can’t just buy me a dress.” I repeat stubbornly. 
“Of course I can, I gave Megan my credit card. What’s the problem?” I roll my eyes. 
1/570 
13- Gifts and guards 
“I mean that I won’t accept it. There is no reason why you should pay for a dress for me so I 
can’t accept it. It feels like you’re trying to bribe me or something.” 
“Ryann.” He responds, his tome serious. 
“I am not trying to bribe you into cooperating with me. You wouldn’t even need a dress if it weren’t for my sister and me so it is only right that I provide it for you. Benides that, I want 
to pay for you. Think of it as a thank you gift for the assistance you are going to provide and for the information you have already given me.” I am mott convinced. 
“I didn’t do that to help you, it isn’t right. I feel like I ove you and I don’t want that.” I 
complain. Bellamy is quiet for a moment. 
“How about a compromise?” he suggests.. 
“What did you have in mind?” I ask, curious.. 
“I’ll pay for your dress and-“I cut him off. 
“That’s not a compromise, that’s the exact same thing!” . 
“You didn’t let me finish.. I’ll pay for your chess and you help me with something later thin 
2012 MOOT 
“That depends on what you want help with I suppone.” 
“You’ll have to wait and see. Text me when you finish shopping and I’ll come meet you. I 
hear a click and realise that he has hung up on me. 
Megan is looking at me expectantly. 
“I suppose I can get a dress, but nothing too pricey.” She practically squeals in delight. The car door swings open. I hadn’t even realised that we had panked. I was too dimacted willing to Bellamy. I climb out. We are at a cute little cafe and I know there is a huge mll only a few sineers away. We pide a table and sit. Dumien sits with us but angles himmelf away a little aus if trying to give un sore privacy. I appreciate the effort, even if it gives only the slight illusion that he in ‘t watching on. Aber a quick glance at the menu, we order hot chocolate as well as 
13- Gifts and guards 
scones with whipped cream and jam. 
“We need to stick to a light breakfast if we’re trying on dresses, it’s annoying trying clothes on when you feel all bloaty, don’t you think.” Megan comments. I nod my agreement. I wouldn’t really know, I’ve never really had the income required to spend much time trying on dresses. Half the time I order my clothes online or pick them up from thrift stores. Neither of those options tend to leave much opportunity for finding a perfect fit. It takes only a minute. for the food to arrive and we dig in. I notice Darrien eyeing off the scones and I quickly stick one on a plate and place it on the table in front of him. He gives me a grateful smile before taking a bite. I’ve never been particularly good at making new friends, but giving them food seems like a good place to start. 
“So, you and I are fated to be friends or something right? I guess that takes the pressure off a little. I already know that I can trust you. Which is nice.” Megan comments. I smile at her. 
Yep, you are totally going to be stuck with me.” I inform her. We chat for a little while getting to know each other. It seems we like all the same shows, although in my opinion she ships all the wrong couples in everything, which is fine I guess, she is entitled to her own opinions. Even if they are wrong. I am polishing off my second scone when my phone chimes informing me that I have a text. I glance at the screen, prepared to ignore it if it’s just the phone company or something. I only bother checking in case it’s work. No one else ever messages me. I am surprised to see that it is from Bellamy. 
Bellamy- Hope you’re having a nice time. Don’t forget to ask Megan about the issue from last 
night. 
I type out a quick reply. 
Ryann- Okay. 
Megan leans over to glance at my phone. She seems to be the nosy type. 
“Oh yeah, you mentioned last night that Bels said you should ask me some things. So shoot, you said there was a disagreement or something?” I nod. 
“Yeah, he was basically being a bossy, overprotective, jerk. It is incredibly irritating and I’m no good at taking orders so it was causing some… friction. Bellamy said it was a Shifter thing but 
3/5 
13–Gifts and guards 
that he was having trouble explaining it and that I should ask you. The entire debate was something about him offering me his arm and needing to protect me from things which is totally ridiculous if you ask me.” I complain. Megan looks contemplative. 
“So I take it you and my brother have been arguing a lot?” she questions. I nod. 
“Yeah, definitely. Hey, is it just me or is he really bad at saying sorry?” Megan laughs. 
“Bellamy pretty much never actually apologises. He can be awkward like that. When he feels bad he just acts repentant and then tries to give you a gift or something. It’s a little annoying, but at least when he does apologise you know he really means it.” she comments. I shrug. 
“I guess so. P 
anyway, can you explain why he keeps acting all overbearing all of a sudden?” Megan smiles. 
“Okay, so basically he is right in saying it’s a Shifter thing. Shifters have really extreme protective instincts. They’re born that way and the more dominant they are the more 
responsible they feel for those in their care. As Alpha, Bels is basically stressed out all the 
time with responsibility. But anyway, because of these instincts, Shifter men can get a little 
overprotective. If they don’t feel like they are doing everything in their power to protect those in their care they basically freak out. They get all nervous and paranoid about every single 
potential threat and basically drive everyone around them crazy.” She explains. I shake my 
head. 
“But I don’t actually need protection, there aren’t any threats to me so it’s just too much. Besides, I can take care of myself.” I point out. Megan shakes her head. 
“That’s not how it works. When they offer you protection, like how Bels offered you his arm, they are basically promising you can trust them and that they will take care of you so you don’t need to have any worries while you are with them. If you refuse their care or demand to take care of yourself it is sort of like a slap in the face to them. Like you are telling them that they aren’t good enough to protect you and that they aren’t worthy of your trust or capable of keeping you safe. They might know rationally that you don’t mean it that way, but their 
instincts, the animal part of them, tells them that you don’t feel safe with them and that they should do more to ensure that you do. Which basically results in some super overbearing behaviour. The easiest way for a Shifter male to feel like he is keeping you safe is for him to 
feel like he is in control of the situation.” 
4/5 
“But I don’t want to be controlled!” I . 
“It’s not being controlled. You have the control. You control his over protectiveness by letting him protect you. It’s kind of doing him a favour.” she seems a little frustrated that I’m not understanding her point. I glance away and she groans. 
“Darrien, help me out here, I’m having trouble thinking of another way to phrase this.” Darrien turns and angles himself to face me. 
“Miss Gale, we don’t take control. You do us a favour by giving it to us.” he states simply. 
###Chapter 14
14- Trust and truth 
It clicks in my head. I guess sometimes all it takes is to phrase something a little differently. 
“What you’re saying is that ultimately, the men aren’t in control because we control ourselves, but that we LET them have control in order to calm their protective instincts which in turn makes them less controlling and demanding.” I sum up. Darrien nods. 
“Yes, FINALLY, That’s what I was trying to say. Really I think control is the wrong word. What they want is trust. If you show you trust them to keep you safe, they in turn worry about it less.” she smiles at me. I nod my acceptance. 
“But why is it just the men?” Megan shrugs. 
“It isn’t really. Female Shifters are just as protective, particularly when it comes to children. However we are less prone to fighting and violent behaviour so we tend to focus more on 
taking care of people emotionally. Which sort of complements the Shifter men’s issues with control as we feel that we are protecting them emotionally by allowing them to protect us physically.” 
“Ooooh, that makes sense actually, I sometimes forget you aren’t quite the same as humans. Then again I suppose technically I’m not either. Although I don’t really know what I am. 
Humans get very caught up on men and women being the same, which seems a little odd since biologically they are different. Still, it does feel a little degrading, that the men think. that we need protecting so much.” 
No, 
can’t 
not at all, that’s not how it works. By offering you protection they aren’t saying you care for yourself, just that they don’t want you to have to. It’s a show of respect. Think about it, they are promising to value your well–being over their own.” When phrased that way it seems less degrading and more sweet. Now I feel a little bad for being so stubborn with Bellamy last night. He was out of line, but I didn’t really understand the situation either and I certainly wasn’t making things easier for him. 
“I can accept that I think.” Megan smiles at me happily, delighted to have managed to 
convince me. 
1/4 
14–Trust and truth 
“Wonderful. It’s important for you to understand these things since we’re friends now so you’re bound to be around more Shifters than you’re used to. The protecting stuff is also a common way that Shifter men demonstrate that they would be a good mate, by showing how they protect and provide for a family. Besides, you’re meant to help Bellamy find his mate right?” I open my mouth, not really sure what I can say that isn’t a lie but Megan just keeps going. 
“Are you really going to find his soul mate for him?” she questions. I cringe internally. I don’t want to lie to her. I phrase my words carefully.. 
“I can tell who he is fated to be with as long as he is near that person.” Obviously, I don’t mention that I already know who he is fated to be with and that it is me. Megan doesn’t notice my hesitancy. 
“That’s great news. I know I make fun of him a lot, but Bels really needs to find his mate sooner rather than later.” She comments. 
“Why is that?” I ask. I am even more curious since the matter does concern me. 
“Alphas are stronger when they have their mates. Usually they don’t become Alpha so young, so they find their mates before they come to power. Besides that, whoever his mate is, she, will gain a lot of status and power among the Shifters. So all the Betas are driving him crazy, parading their daughters and sisters around in front of him, making excuses for them to stop by, just hoping they will catch his eye. Many of them are rather offended when he sends them away. He needs a mate so that the power struggle will stop and so his place as Alpha can be properly cemented in place.” I consider a moment. A thought occurs to me. 
“If it’s so important, why doesn’t Bellamy just pick one of the Beta’s daughters and settle. Or at least try dating one?” I ask. I try to hide how tense I feel asking this question. Megan shrugs. 
“It wouldn’t be right or fair when he knows they aren’t right. Shifters actually do have ways to identify their true mates. Although they are quite subtle and aren’t nearly as definite as what you do. They are better for confirming that someone is their mate rather than identifying them and of course not everyone waits for their true mate, often they give up on finding them and marry someone else. But Bellamy won’t do that, he wants to find his fated mate, like our parents did.” She comments with a wistful smile. I stare at her. Part of me is curious and the 
2/4 
rest is terrified. How subtle are these signs? Are they subtle enough that Bellamy won’t figure out I’m supposed to be his mate? I hope they are because I am not ready for him to figure it out just yet. 
“What are the signs?” I ask, keeping my voice even. 
“Oh well, they’re super subtle, most people don’t even notice unless they’re actively looking for them, and at that point they’ve probably already figured out how they feel. Well, unless they’re ridiculously stubborn.” Megan counts them off on her fingers. 
“First, Shifters always find it easy to locate their mates. It doesn’t matter how, it could be by scent, sound, or just a general awareness of where they are. Shifters rarely struggle to figure out where their mates are once they have found them, they crave physical closeness to those they are attached to, so knowing where their mates are is important. It also allows them to protect them better which in turn makes them more comfortable around them. Second, Shifters are naturally more open and forthcoming with their mates. Without thinking they behave generously towards them and they instinctively tell them the truth. That’s not to say they can’t or won’t lie to their mates 
just that their first reaction is to tell the truth and to avoid keeping secrets. The truth stuff all ties into the trust thing again. The third and final sign is that Shifter mates are always equal when it comes to dominance. It would never work if one person was more dominant, they would just walk all over their partner. This one is usually the most obvious sign at first since Shifters are usually well aware of their dominance in comparison to those around them. I can tell you right now that whoever Bellamy’s mate is, she won’t be a pushover.” She concludes. I think back on Bellamy’s behaviours. He certainly located me easily enough when he tracked me from my workplace. I can’t say that he isn’t generous towards me. Particularly since he is insisting on paying for my dress. I can’t really judge his truthfulness, though I’ve yet to catch him in a lie or anything. I’m really not sure about this dominance thing though. I sort of feel like he has a tendency to push me around. Then again, it’s not like I just sit and take it either. Being equally dominant would probably explain our tendency to fight. Not that I really understand dominance. How do Shifters measure something like that? Do they have a rating between one and ten? A ranked scale? Rankings seem more likely given their hierarchical society. But if mates have equal dominance that would mean that there are people who rank the same, so a scale doesn’t quite work either. More specific to my situation, can a Shifter even consider a non–Shifter as someone who is more or less dominant than themselves? 
I take a deep breath before asking my next question. 
3/4 
14–Trust and truth 
“Hey Megan, do Shifters ever have non–Shifter mates?” I question. For a second I’m paranoid that she’s going to figure out why I’m asking, but she takes it in stride. She clearly has just figured my curiosity is part of me trying to do my supposed job to help Bellamy find his mate. At least I hope that’s where her thoughts lead. 
“You know I really don’t know. I don’t know any Shifters with non–Shifter mates. But there isn’t any reason why they COULDN’T be mates with a non–Shifter. Realistically, most Shifters. barely interact with any non–Shifters so we wouldn’t know even if they are.” I nod my understanding. By this point we have finished eating. There are a couple scones left which Darrien finishes off for us. Megan hands over Bellamy’s credit card to pay the bill and we begin the short walk over to the mall. Megan links her arm with mine as we walk and Darrien follows close behind us. I don’t think I have ever felt so happy as I am right now walking, arm in arm with my new friend. I do ask why Darrien doesn’t do the arm offering thing while we’re walking. Megan explains that when protecting multiple people, it’s just inconvenient. Plus, Darrien is her official guard, so the offer is not needed as it’s already his responsibility. 
###Chapter 15
15- Shopping and sparkles 
Shopping is exhausting, but fun. The first few stores we try, Megan can’t find a single dress that interests her. In the third store, she finds a few things to try on but decides against them. As she searches for herself, I half–heartedly keep an eye out for a dress for myself. But mostly I focus on helping Megan find her perfect dress. We are in our fourth store and Megan is flicking through a rack of dresses and dismissing them just as quickly. I’m quite tired, I don’t go out often other than for work and the threads floating around me are distracting. I do wish that I could turn my abilities off and on. A switch would be useful, or a button. Feeling a headache coming on, I decide to step back for a moment. I find myself standing beside Darrien. As he has been all morning, he is quiet and watches us both carefully, I notice his eyes flicking to the side every now and then. I follow his gaze as it does and realise that he is glancing over at a dress. And wow is it a dress. It is stunning. It is a deep red with a fitted, sweetheart bodice. The skirt is long and swishy. What really makes it impressive is that the dress has tiny glass beads sewn in strategically to make it sparkle as it catches the light. 
that It’s obvious why that dress would catch his eye. With her raven hair and golden eyes, 
dress would be absolutely perfect on Megan. Without pausing I fetch the dress and hand it to 
Megan to try on. Her eyes light up as she dashes to the changing room. 
“Good choice.” I comment to Darrien. To my amusement he flushes slightly and looks away. I giggle slightly. He might be big and scary, but at this moment he is just adorable. 
“I think we’re going to get along you and I.” I inform him before making my way towards the changing rooms to wait for Megan. She emerges after a few moments and if I didn’t know better I would say she was photoshopped. The dress looks so good on her. 
“This is completely the wrong bra for this dress but I think I have one at home that will work 
better.” She comments. 
“But what do you think? Do you like it?” she asks for confirmation. I roll my eyes. 
“Megan, if you DON’T buy that dress I will have to poke your eyes out with a stiletto heel as punishment for the disservice you would be doing the world by not wearing it.” I state firmly. She laughs and beams at me. I think I even hear a slight chuckle from Darrien who up until this moment has been staring at her. I’m not sure how she hasn’t noticed, but he is so clearly in love with her. It’s painfully obvious. I remind myself that anything is obvious when you already have the end of the story. My powers are kind of like reading the last page in a novel. 
1/4 
15- Shopping and sparkles 
You know how it will all end and that the loose ends will eventually get tied up, but have no clue how the characters got from point a to point b. Which really is the interesting part so without that background information, the ending is a little dull. It should be fun to watch Megan and Darrien’s relationship play out although I’m sure it’s going to be incredibly frustrating as 
well. I turn my attention back to Megan. She poses as I snap a photo of her in the dress on my phone and Megan heads back into her little cubicle to change back. When she steps out she is holding the dress carefully by the hanger with it folded over one arm to stop it dragging on the floor. 
“Now we need to find something for you!” She declares. I shrug. 
“It really isn’t necessary.” I remind her. 
– 
“But it is fun.” She points out. As Megan glances his way, Darrien steps forward and holds out his arms. Megan hands him her dress and he carefully folds it over his arm, holding it the same way she did. Megan then returns to the rack, this time searching for me. After a few minutes she decides that my dress isn’t going to be found in this store and purchases her dress. We head to yet another store and she begins her search anew. 
“This is actually quite tricky. Since your hair is blue we need to make sure it doesn’t clash. I don’t really want to put you in black. It would look okay, but I think it won’t be as flattering as something in blue or purple. Maybe even white.” She says as she browses. She holds up a 
dismisses them. 
few dresses in front of me, but quick 
“Yes, I am definitely leaning towards blue to match your hair.” She suddenly stops and gasps, 
“Yes! This is the one, I’m sure of it. Go try this on!” She thrusts an armful of dark blue fabric into my chest and pushes me towards the changing rooms. I let myself be pushed along and slip into the dress. I look at my reflection in the mirror and I am blown away. I didn’t expect to like it so much. The dark blue fabric is soft, not as dark as my hair but close. It has thin spaghetti straps and the bodice molds to my figure perfectly. It looks a little odd since I’ll have to wear it with a strapless bra but I ignore that for now. I have one at home somewhere I’m pretty sure, I got it on sale forever ago but never got around to wearing it. There are rhinestones sewn on the straps and along the neckline of the dress. It is flowing and floor- length. At the hips of the dress, there are layers of glittering chiffon fabric in the same dark blue colour which add a’little volume and sparkle beautifully as I sway from side to side. At the back they drag on the floor slightly. I can imagine how they would flare out if I were to twirl around. I am in love with the dress. My thoughts are interrupted by Megan calling 
2/4 
Igh the door separating us. 
“Well? Does it fit? Can we see?” I turn and unlock the door. As it swings open, her jaw drops. 
“Yes. Just yes. We are getting you that dress. You should only ever wear that dress. Seriously. We are going to look so awesome for my engagement party. I am so excited!” She run forward and hugs me tightly. She then releases me and pushes me back into the change 
room. 
“Quick, change back. We need to get shoes and jewellery. Then you can text Bellamy that we’re ready. No, wait a second!” She pulls out her phone and takes a quick photo of me. 
“Okay, now go change.” 
It doesn’t take long to et our accessories. Megan chooses accessories in gold to match her eyes. I pick glittery, black stiletto heels and black jewellery with black rhinestones which sparkle when they catch the light. They compliment my dress perfectly and bring out the blue in my hair. My 
only concern is that because the outfit has so many dark colours, my eyes are going to look even more washed out than usual. When I express my concern Megan shushes 
me. 
“Your eyes are stunning, don’t be ridiculous. Besides, once we have your makeup all sorted to match the outfit you are going to be beyond flawless.” I have a feeling that spending time with Megan is going to do wonders for my confidence, her enthusiasm is catching and I might be starting to believe her. Shopping bags in hand, we go buy ourselves ice–cream and find a comfortable place to sit while we wait for Bellamy to show up. It only takes him a few minutes. Megan hugs me again and Darrien gives me a small smile and nod. Then the two of them head back to the car. I let Megan take my dress with her as she has apparently that I am going to get ready with her at her house for the party because she wants to do my decided 
makeup herself. I have no reason to , I’m not particularly good at applying makeup so if she wants to do it then she is welcome to. 
3/4 
###Chapter 16
Strings of Fate 
16- Favours and formalware 
Bellamy sits beside me as I finish off my ice–cream. Once again, he is well within my personal space. Is he doing this on purpose or does he not realise how close he’s sitting? I can feel his warmth beside me. As I finish my treat he stands, although he looks a little nervous. I’m wondering why when he speaks. 
“So, did you ask Megan about that thing?” he asks me. I nod my head. He meets my gaze. 
“And? What did you think?” he questions. He looks like he expects me to be mad. I smile and stand up. His expression is wary as I step in closer towards him but quickly turns to relief when I take his arm which he automatically held out to me as I stood. In fact, more than relief, he looks quite pleased. 
“I think that it’s different. Different, and confusing and might take some time for me to get used to.” I tell him with a small smile. 
++ 
“But you’re willing to try and get used to it?” 
“As long as you’re willing to try and understand that it is not natural to me and might take a bit of work.” I inform him. He gives me a small smile. 
“Thank you.” I nod at him. I really do plan to try and be a little more cooperative. I still don’t really think I need protecting. But I can understand wanting to help him feel secure. So if he needs to be confident that he can take care of me in order to feel comfortable. I suppose I can allow him to lead. As long as he is asking me to follow, not demanding. We start to walk down the street and I realise I still don’t know our destination. 
“So, where are we going?” I wonder aloud. 
“Well, Megan plans to meet Tristan for dinner, I thought we might follow him afterwards, see if we can learn a bit more about him.” I nod. 
“That makes sense I suppose. But dinner isn’t for a while yet. So what are we doing right now?” 
1/5 
16- Favours and formalware 
085% 
14:19 
“I said I’d like your help with something didn’t I?” he responds. I resist the urge to roll my eyes. 
“Yes, and what IS that something, you answered my question with another question again.” I point out. Bellamy sighs. 
“My sister insists that I have to wear a suit to dress the part for this engagement party on Saturday. I was hoping you would help me make sure that I pick something she will approve of.” He explains, saying ‘engagement‘ like it’s a curse. I look up at him curiously. 
“What is it?” 
“Well, I don’t quite understand why you are being so cooperative with this wedding stuff when you clearly don’t approve of Tristan. Why don’t you just say something to Megan?” I ask. Once again, he answers my question with a question. 
“Why don’t you say something?” This time I do roll my eyes. 
“Because, Megan barely knows me. There’s no reason why she should trust my opinion over her fiance. Plus you asked me not to. Really though, you’re her brother. Why haven’t you said anything?” 
“I tried. She keeps saying I’m just being too overprotective of her. She is my little sister after all, even if only by a minute. She loves him. If this is going to break her heart then I need proof. Something I can show her that she can fully trust in so there is no doubt that he is lying to her.” he explains. I suppose it makes sense. He doesn’t want Megan to have to make a hard decision. Trusting him or her fiance. So he is making sure that the decision is clear. It 
rs to me that this might be the longest discussion Bellamy and I have had so far without fighting. I feel compelled to keep the conversation going. 
“What do you think of Darrien?” I blurt out without thinking. Bellamy glances down at me. 
“My sister’s guard? He’s very quiet. I chose him because he is a good fighter and because he seems serious about his job. Why the interest in him?” I avoid the question. 
“But what do you think about him personally? I just realised that I pretty much completely exposed my powers to him today while talking to Megan. I’m not really worried about it 
2/5 
16- Favours and formalware 
though. I’m curious what you think.” I explain. Bellamy is quiet as he considers. 
“I don’t really know. My sister trusts him. I’ve not really spoken to him much. He requested to be placed as her guard which is half the reason I chose him for the job. I’m not sure why he wanted the position. It can’t be all that interesting following my sister around all the time.” I hesitate for a second, wondering if I can trust Bellamy. I’ve not known him for long, but I know he has never lied to me. In fact I don’t think lying to me has even crossed his mind. I think back to what Megan said about Shifters being truthful and honest with their mates. I feel a little bad that I haven’t been more honest with him when he has been with me. Even if he hasn’t noticed it yet. I decide to share some of what I know. Well, it’s not really a decision so much as a compulsion, sharing my secrets with Bellamy feels right. It’s a strange feeling and I suspect a good deal of it is just because I want to believe I can trust him. 
“He’s Megan’s fate. Her real one. They have a red thread. But even without that, after only a few hours with them it seems completely obvious how devoted he is to her. I feel like he has just accepted that she is getting married and has contented himself with just keeping her safe. I don’t really understand it.” Bellamy looks shocked.. 
“That’s what you saw yesterday?” I nod. 
“I suppose I should make more of an effort to get to know him then. I know I prefer him to Tristan, so that’s a good start. If he is already in love with her as you say then he must be quite miserable. It does explain why he would want to be her guard. Shifters crave the touch. of those they’re close to. We can be pretty touchy feely with close friends and family. As her guard, he can keep her safe and he has an excuse to be close to her. When a Shifter is lonely or pining they hole themselves up and can become quite despondent. We live in close knit groups for a reason.” I file that information away in the little folder labelled ‘Shifters‘ in my head. We are entering another store, one that sells mens formal clothing this time. Bellamy releases my arm and looks around the store. He seems a little dumbstruck and unsure how to continue. I resist the desire to laugh and look around for a shop assistant. I know nothing about mens clothing and have no clue where to start. I jump when someone speaks from behind me. 
“Welcome! Can I help you two with anything?” I spin around to see a guy in a suit. He looks maybe a couple years older than me and has a friendly smile on his face. His suit is grey and he is wearing a pink shirt and grey tie. His hair is brown and combed back neatly. I gesture at 
Bellamy. 
3/5 
16- Favours and formalware 
though. I’m curious what you think.” I explain. Bellamy is quiet as he considers. 
“I don’t really know. My sister trusts him. I’ve not really spoken to him much. He requested to be placed as her guard which is half the reason I chose him for the job. I’m not sure why he wanted the position. It can’t be all that interesting following my sister around all the time.” I hesitate for a second, wondering if I can trust Bellamy. I’ve not known him for long, but I know he has never lied to me. In fact I don’t think lying to me has even crossed his mind. I think back to what Megan said about Shifters being truthful and honest with their mates. I feel a little bad that I haven’t been more honest with him when he has been with me. Even if he hasn’t noticed it yet. I decide to share some of what I know. Well, it’s not really a decision so much as a compulsion, sharing my secrets with Bellamy feels right. It’s a strange feeling and I suspect a good deal of it is just because I want to believe I can trust him. 
“He’s Megan’s fate. Her real one. They have a red thread. But even without that, after only a few hours with them it seems completely obvious how devoted he is to her. I feel like he has just accepted that she is getting married and has contented himself with just keeping her 
safe. I don’t really understand it.” Bellamy looks shocked. 
“That’s what you saw yesterday?” I nod. 
suppose I should make more of an effort to get to know him then. I know I prefer him to Tristan, so that’s a good start. If he is already in love with her as you say then he must be quite miserable. It does explain why he would want to be her guard. Shifters crave the touch of those they’re close to. We can be pretty touchy feely with close friends and family, As her guard, he can keep her safe and he has an excuse to be close to her. When a Shifter is lonely or pining they hole themselves up and can become quite despondent. We live in close knit groups for a reason.” I file that information away in the little folder labelled ‘Shifters in my head. We are entering another store, one that sells mens formal clothing this time. Bellamy releases my arm and looks around the store. He seems a little dumbstruck and unsure how to continue. I resist the desire to laugh and look around for a shop assistant. I know nothing about mens clothing and have no clue where to start. I jump when someone speaks from 
behind me. 
“Welcome! Can I help you two with anything?” I spin around to see a guy in a suit. He looks maybe a couple years older than me and has a friendly smile on his face. His suit is grey and he is wearing a pink shirt and grey tie. His hair is brown and combed back neatly. I gesture at Bellamy. 
3/5 
night.” I explain. The man’s eyes light up. 
“Say no more hon. You take a seat and I will pull out some options. Do you have a colour preference?” I don’t miss that he directs the question at me rather than Bellamy. In fact he seems almost surprised when Bellamy speaks up. 
“Anything dark.” he grumbles out. Clearly he is not very enthusiastic about shopping. The man nods and eyes Bellamy from top to toe, a glint in his eye as he does so.. 
“Very nice, yes I have a few ideas.” He turns and walks off. A minute or so later he returns with an armful of clothing. He places it all in a nearby changing cubicle and gestures for Bellamy to head in and try some things on. He then takes the seat next to me which Bellamy just left. He leans over and speaks in a low voice. 
“Now this should be a fun show, don’t you think love? That man is eye candy if ever I’ve seen any.” He talks like it’s a secret shared among friends. I choke back a laugh. 
“Uhm… I…” I stutter out. He continues on. 
“No need to be shy. Just enjoy the show.” It occurs to me that Bellamy can probably still hear us, he is a Shifter and they are known to have seriously good hearing. 
“He’s a Shifter you know. He can hear us.” I point out. The sales assistant winks at me. 
“I know love. I’m Charlie by the way.” He holds his hand out to me. I shake it. 
“I’m Ryann.” I respond. Charlie opens his mouth to speak but stops when he realises Bellamy is exiting the change room. The suit he is in is a charcoal grey colour. It has thin pinstripes on it. It looks okay, but he looks so uncomfortable in it. His expression is dark and it is entirely off putting. Charlie stands up and looks him over, walking around him as he does so. 
“I don’t like the stripes.” Bellamy comments. Charlie nods. 
“I 
agree, something more simple I think. I’m also not really sure about the grey. Just one moment.” He hurries off and hands Bellamy another suit. Bellamy returns to the change room. Charlie waits eagerly for Bellamy to emerge again. 
###Chapter 17
17- Black and blue 
This time the suit is plain black. It looks better and Bellamy seems happier. He is wearing a black shirt underneath. He shrugs at me. 
“Well?” he asks. I consider a moment. 
“It’s very… black.” I observe. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“It’s a black suit.” he points out. 
“I can see that, but… it’s just… I don’t know. It’s better. But not right.” I turn to Charlie for assistance. He is nodding along with me. 
“She’s right. I have an idea.” He stands and vanishes yet again. When he returns he is holding two more shirts. A plain white one and a maroon one. 
“Try these with it.” He hands them to Bellamy. Bellamy sighs in frustration and returns to the dressing room. My phone vibrates in my bag and I pull it out. It’s a message from Megan. She has sent me the photo of me in my dress that she took earlier. 
Megan- Send me mine! 
I text her the photo of her dress and she sends back her thanks. I flick back and forth between the two photos. Happy to have some kind of evidence that I got to spend the day with my friend. Charlie glances over my shoulder and sees the picture of Megan. 
“Pretty girl and that’s a nice dress. Is that the sister? They look alike.” He asks. I nod. 
“Yep, she and I went dress shopping today.” I tell him proudly. Bellamy steps out again wearing the maroon shirt this time. Charlie shakes his head and waves him back to the change room before turning back to me. 
“Did you get a dress too darling?” I nod and flick to the photo. He leans over to look at it 
eagerly. He gasps. 
1/5 
“Oh my, I know what we need!” he stands and dashes off. Bellamy emerges again in the white shirt. He is looking at me curiously. I shrug, I don’t know what just happened. Charlie comes running back with another shirt. A blue one this time. The same blue as 
my dress. 
“No, the white is terrible, you look like a pissed off penguin. Quick, put this one on!” He demands. Bellamy glowers and takes the shirt. Clearly he is not enjoying himself. Charlie plops down next to me again. 
3 
‘Now you two can match.” he says proudly. 
“Uhm… Charlie. Bellamy and I aren’t together, you know.” I inform him. Charlie just shrugs. 
“That doesn’t mean that shade of blue won’t be perfect on both of you.” He waves away my ions. Bellamy steps out of the changing room and I have to admit that Charlie was right. The blue looks great. The dark colour suits Bellamy but isn’t too harsh the way the plain black outfit was, Charlie stands and claps his hands together happily. 
“Perfect, just perfect!” he declares. Bellamy glances at me. 
“What do you think Ryann?” I nod my agreement. 
“I like it.” I confirm. A ghost of a smile spreads across his face. 
“Does that mean I can change back now?” he questions. 
“Of course handsome. Go ahead. I’ll pick out a tie for you and ring it all up.” Charlie promises. He fetches a black tie to match the suit and when Bellamy returns back in his normal clothes, Charlie finishes the sale. We make our way to the exit. 
“Well, it has been a pleasure. I hope to see you both again sometime soon!” Charlie gushes. Bellamy grimaces and I laugh. 
“Thank you Charlie.” I really appreciate how much Charlie clearly enjoys his job. Sure, he was probably a bit too open in ogling his customer, but I guess he knows what looks good. Clearly he is living his best life. Actually, he was pretty good company. I wonder if he would think I’m weird if I stopped by to say hi next time I’m in the area. Wow, I make one friend and suddenly I feel like I can talk to people and socialise. Megan is definitely doing wonders for my 
2/5 
17- Black and blue 
confidence. 
Bellamy looks exhausted. 
“That was way too stressful.” He complains. 
“You only had to go to one store. It took less than half an hour.” I remind him. He shudders. 
“Megan had better be happy. Hey, what did he mean when he said we would match? Your hair?” he questions. I shake my head. 
“The dress Megan helped me pick out is that same blue.” Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“Oh? Alright then. I guess I’m not really surprised you’re wearing blue.” he mutters. I ignore it. 
“So now what? It’s almost four. What time is Megan meeting Tristan?” I ask. 
“Five thirty. So we have time for an early dinner before we go follow them.” He decides. Well that was a little bossy, but it’s a good idea so I don’t say anything. 
“How do you feel about Indian food?” He questions. I light up. 
“I adore Indian food.” It only takes a few minutes for us to reach the restaurant and get our food. So far today, Bellamy hasn’t actually been too awful, which is a nice change, so I decide to attempt some kind of conversation and hope this dinner goes better than the last one. 
“I still don’t really understand why you wanted my help picking out a suit. Charlie did most of the work.” I point out. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I didn’t want to have to talk to the shop assistant more than absolutely necessary. You helped keep him occupied.” he explains. 
“Why didn’t you want to talk to him?” 
“He’s not a Shifter.” he shrugs. My temper flares 
up. 
3/5 
17- Black and blue 
“I am completely regretting helping you right now. Do you really think Shifters are so much. better than everyone else? Because if so then I think I’m going to have to find a way to help. Megan on my own.” Bellamy looks frustrated again. 
“I don’t think we’re better than everyone else. I do think it is best if we keep to ourselves.” 
“Because you think you’re better than us.” I add. 
NO 
he practically growls out the words. 
“It’s just better that way. Non–Shifters think they can accept us, but the reality is we are part animal and that freaks people out. We have different culture and rules, different instincts and most people can’t cope with that. They fear us, or are disgusted by it. They don’t understand us and so they judge us by their standards which just doesn’t work.” Bellamy pauses and meets my eyes. 
“You got upset after sharing just one meal with me.” he points out. I glare at him. 
“And yet here I am the very next day having a second meal with you. All it took was a little explaining and I’m trying. Maybe you should let other people have that chance too.” Bellamy 
shakes his head. 
“You still see us as just unusual humans. You haven’t seen any of us shift” he points out. I am totally confused. Why should that make a difference? I already know he’s a Shifter. Shifters turn into animals. It’s not like it would be a surprise. 
“I don’t understand.” I admit. Bellamy sighs. 
1 
“Some things are easy to accept until they’re right in front of you.” I lean forward onto the 
table. 
“This entire discussion is exhausting. And stop assuming you have any idea what it is that I think of you or any other Shifter. I resent that you think my opinion of Shifters would change based on what they look like at the time.” What does Bellamy look like when he shifts? I’m actually rather curious. I doubt he would show me, but maybe I could ask Megan about it. Although I’m not sure I’m subtle enough to ask without being incredibly obvious. A loud giggle at a nearby table catches my attention. A teenage couple are on a date and the girl ist 
4/5 
17- Black and blue 
laughing as what is sure to be some silly comment the guy made. Bellamy follows my line of sight to see what I’m looking at. 
“That’s cute.” he comments with a slight smile. I guess Megan was right when she said Bellamy was the romantic type. I shake my head. 
“They’re doomed. There’s a black thread between them. This is clearly not going to end well for them.” I sigh. How depressing. Bellamy shrugs. 
“That may be so, but right now they’re happy.” he sounds like he is trying to cheer me up. It’s odd, but I appreciate the effort. I look away from the teens and give him a half–smile. 
“I guess you’re right.” We continue our meal in a relatively comfortable silence. 
###Chapter 18
Strings of Fate. 
18- Waiting and watching 
Bellamy’s mood seems to have improved. Every now and then I glance up at him and every time he smiles at me. It’s actually almost scary. We finish eating then Bellamy pays for the food and leave to walk to his car which he claims is only a few streets away. His mood is still bright, in fact he might even be more cheerful than he was while we were eating. 
“What’s with you all of a sudden?” I ask thoughtlessly. The smile on his face fades. 
“What do you mean?” he asks cautiously. I shrug. 
“I don’t know, you’re all happy. I can’t figure out why.” Bellamy looks 
“What is it?” I demand. 
away. 
“Well, that meal went better than the last one. You didn’t even argue when I paid for the 
food.” I roll my eyes at him. 
“I figured I would just give you cash later, or pay if we end up eating out again.” Bellamy 
shakes his head. 
“Just leave it.” I open my mouth to . He turns a dazzling smile on me. 
“Please?” I frown. He is trying to charm me into compliance with that smile which just makes me more suspicious of it. 
“Why?” Bellamy just shrugs. 
“I like feeding you.” He freezes when his mind catches up with his words and realises how 
odd it sounded. 
“I mean… I. It’s no inconvenience, just think of it as a thank you for helping with my sister and…” he trails off awkwardly. I’m blushing and I drop my eyes to the ground. I think back to what Megan said about Shifters feeling generous towards their mates. I suppose there isn’t a lot I can do to change that, but I promise myself I will try not to take advantage of it. 
1/5 
18–Waiting and watching 
“Fine, just this once. But now you’ve used the ‘thanks for helping my sister excuse‘. Next time I’m paying for myself.” Bellamy chuckles under his breath. 
“Of course Ryann.” I feel rather guilty that I haven’t told Bellamy what I know about us, but I just can’t bring myself to. I still don’t really know why he was so rude when we first met, plus: if he knew that we’re fated, he would probably feel obligated to me and would treat me oddly. Not to mention the obligation that I’m already feeling towards him. Every time Megan mentions how important it is that he finds a mate as soon as possible I feel awful because I could basically solve half his life problems. Although I’m not really sure if a non–Shifter mate is what the Betas are expecting from him. Still, I think I would rather get to know Bellamy without the pressure, at least he won’t feel the pressure. I’ll just ignore it as best as I can. The problem is that the longer I leave it the harder it is going to be to tell the truth. This is so frustrating. We reach the car and Bellamy opens the passenger door for me. Once we are in, he starts the car and drives back towards the Shifter compound where Tristan is apparently going to be collecting Megan for their dinner date. Bellamy parks the car out the front of the compound and kills the lights as we sit and wait for Tristan to arrive. After a few minutes of waiting I notice a black thread floating from Bellamy’s chest. I have a terrible feeling about this. It has to be with Tristan surely. Who else could it be? Sure enough when Tristan drives up the black thread joins them. 
“Well, I can’t say that’s a surprise.” I sigh as Megan climbs in the car with Tristan. We follow them as they drive away. Bellamy is careful to keep enough space between us that they won’t 
see us. 
“What’s a not a surprise?” Bellamy’s tone is curious and despite the serious situation, still quite light. I hesitate for a second. If I tell Bellamy, is it going to make him hate Tristan more. or change how he views him? I banish the thought from my head. Bellamy already hates the guy. I can’t really make the relationship worse and telling him probably won’t change. 
anything. 
“Your threads… well you have a black one.” I say slowly. Bellamy nods. 
“Tristan?” he confirms. I nod, pushing a strand of my midnight blue hair from my eyes as I try to gauge his reaction. 
“I’m not sure if I feel better or worse knowing that I was fated to be enemies with the guy. I 
suppose 
it doesn’t actually matter, it doesn’t change anything between us.” Bellamy goes silent for a moment and when he speaks again his demeanour is cautious, 
2/5 
18- Waiting and watching 
“I thought you said you wouldn’t tell me about my threads?” The words came out as a 
question. 
“Actually, what I said is that you can’t ask me. Not that I wouldn’t tell you.” I remind him. He 
frowns. 
“Is there a difference?” 
“Definitely, this way I choose when and what I tell you about them.” Bellamy raises ant 
eyebrow. 
“Them? So you have seen at least two then. I can’t say I’m not curious.” 
“Bellamy…” my tone is a warning. 
“Ah, don’t worry. I won’t ask. I did promise you. I’m just saying that if you DID feel like telling me, I wouldn’t say no.” I can barely believe my eyes as Bellamy actually turns and winks at me. Part of me is screaming that this could be a perfect time to tell him about OUR thread. He’s in a good mood and we haven’t fought in at least thirty minutes. But I talk myself out of it. For starters, I am not giving him such shocking information while he is behind the wheel of a car. He would likely kill us both. I jump when he speaks again, still caught up in my 
internal debate. 
“I have a question about the threads. Don’t worry, not about my own. If you know someone hasn’t met those people they are fated to meet, does that mean that you know that person 
won’t die? What if, theoretically of course, you were to shoot one. Does that change the fates?” He seems incredibly curious. I shrug. 
“Fate knows what it’s doing. I don’t need to supervise it. If I were to try and interfere, my 
interference would have been accounted for in planning that person’s fate. If I shot someone, I might miss and just hurt them and they might meet the person they are meant to meet at the hospital. Maybe they will be dying and then the person they were meant to meet would show up in time to try and save them, get attached, then lose them. Which by the way I have seen once and it was the most depressing thing. I know if they’re fated, not how long they will last.” I try to explain. Bellamy is already prepared with his next question. 
“If fate happens no matter what, then why does it matter if you tell people their threads?” 
3/5 
18- Waiting and watching 
“Because fate is so much easier to face when you don’t see it coming. If you know what someone is going to be to you, you will treat them differently which makes everything more complicated. If I told a couple that they were fated to be together, assuming they actually believed me. Then sure, they might get together, but they would probably not be honest with each other, they would treat each other how they think they should and would probably not be their genuine selves which would result in trouble which they would then have to resolve later. Trouble which could have been avoided if I left them alone and let them come together 
naturally. Does that make sense?” Bellamy shrugs. 
“I think so, but I still have a few doubts.” I roll my eyes. 
“The entire question is irrelevant because people don’t believe me if I do say something.” I 
remind him. 
“I believed you.” he points out. 
“Not until after you made me prove myself, and I didn’t tell you anything about yourself. It’s harder to accept when it happens to you.” 
“I found your note and didn’t ignore it.” he argues. I shake my head. 
“You didn’t trust that what I wrote was true, you just really wanted to believe it so you gave it a chance. It’s not the same thing. People will believe anything if they want it to be true, or if they’re scared that it might be true.” 
“Whatever.” he grumbles. He pulls over to the side of the street, right outside my work. 
“They must really like it here.” Bellamy comments. I shrug. 
“The food isn’t bad and some of the staff are nice enough.” I state casually. Bellamy laughs. 
“Only some?” 
“One of the shift managers is kind of annoying, and a few of the servers have serious attitude towards customers behind their backs. Some make inappropriate comments about the Succubi customers, complain that the coven of Witches are snobby and so on.” I explain.
18- Waiting and watching 
“Are they snobby?” 
“Oh definitely, but that’s not the point. We’re paid to be there and work, not judge people off one single interaction. If the worst part of my shift is just talking to a rude customer then it really wasn’t that bad a day. It’s not like they’re really being rude to me, they’re being rude to an unknown server. There’s no reason to take it personally.” Bellamy stares at me. 
“That’s… a very mature way of looking at it I suppose.” 
“Thanks, I guess…. so what now?” I gesture at Borderline. Bellamy pushes his car seat back. 
and leans backwards. 
“Now we watch and see if Tristan meets up with anyone, or if you see any threads that could 
lead to clues.” Well that is kind of boring. 
‘So… we wait?” I confirm. 
“We wait.” I sigh and copy Bellamy in pushing my seat backwards. 
###Chapter 19
19- Spies and stalkers 
I really hope they don’t decide to stay for dessert. I expect Bellamy to pull out his phone and answer messages or scroll through Facebook or something, anything. But he doesn’t. His eyes are still on the restaurant but the way he’s angled himself in his seat, towards me, at least as 
much as one can while in a car. Does he want to talk? 
“Sooo….” I search for a conversation topic. His eyes dart to my face, then back to the 
restaurant. 
“Why isn’t Darrien here? Isn’t he Megan’s guard?” A look of irritation flashes across Bellamy’s 
face. 
“Sending him along would be implying that Tristan can’t protect his fiancee. It’s like a slap in 
the face. Megan would never allow it.” I frown. 
“I don’t get it, shouldn’t Tristan be grateful. A guard is just extra security right?” Bellamy 
shakes his head. 
“Definitely not. It would be like if you insisted a guard come with you while you’re out here with me. I can assure you that I would not be grateful.” I sigh. Then mentally freak out a moment. Is he implying that me seeing him is the equivalent of a date? Surely not. He’s probably just talking about trust in general again. Right? I’m definitely over analysing things. 
“Men are exhausting.” Bellamy grins. 
“I prefer to think of us as consistent.” I outright laugh at that. 
“You mean predictably annoying?” Bellamy shrugs. 
“Perhaps a little.” We fall silent again. This is a weird conversation. We’re talking, but since we’re also keeping a lookout neither of us is really looking at the other. At least not properly, with eye contact, and not for more than a few seconds. The silence drags on and my mind. drifts back to the matter of Darrien. The poor guy must be heartbroken since Megan got engaged. I hope someone is taking care of him at least. I decide to ask Bellamy about it. 
1/5 
“Bellamy?” 
“Yeah?” 
“About Darrien, does he have any close friends? You know, someone he might have told about his feelings for your sister. Someone who will make sure he is okay while Megan is with Tristan.” Bellamy looks like he is thinking really hard about it. A line creases his forehead as he furrows his brow in concentration. 
“You know I really don’t think he has any friends. He is quiet as I am sure you have noticed. He moved here from another group of feline Shifters about a year ago and requested the position as Megan’s guard almost immediately. He spends most of his time tailing her.” Bellamy seems distressed at the realisation. He might be a bossy Alpha and he might not know Darrien well, but I can tell he cares, even if it didn’t occur to him until I brought it up. 
He swears under his breath. 
“It’s issues like this that destroy the other Alpha’s and the Beta’s trust in me to do my job.” He grumbles. 
“What do you mean?” I ask cautiously. Bellamy slumps in his seat a little. 
“Male Shifters are best at protecting and providing physically. Emotionally… that is usually 
the role of the female Shifter. It doesn’t come to me naturally, it didn’t occur to me to be 
concerned about Darrien’s… mental health.” He admits. I try for an optimistic tone of voice. 
“Well now you know. I guess mission befriend Darrien has become even more urgent than I thought it was. Good thing it is already well underway. You know, it might be useful, to us 
and him, if we let him in on it.” I comment. 
“In on what?” He asks, he has a strange expression on his face and looks distracted, I’m not entirely sure he is actually paying attention to me now. 
“Everything, what we think of Tristan, what we’re trying to do about it. It would give him a little hope I suppose. We wouldn’t even have to tell him WHY. He is Megan’s guard, it doesn’t seem too far out that we would consult him.” My suggestion catches Bellamy’s attention again, he looks doubtful. 
2/5 
“I’ll consider it. I think it more likely that he would run to Megan and tell her everything though.” I shrug. 
“It’s up to you, but I think he would want to help us.” I let the subject drop as I notice a new thread appearing from Tristan. His red thread comes into view as whoever his fated soul mate is approaches. I whisper to Bellamy 
“Bellamy, his red thread is visible. His soul mate has to be nearby.” I lean closer to the 
window to keep an eye out. My nose bumps against the cool glass and I try not to think about. how stalker–y we’re being. Bellamy pulls out his phone and turns on the camera mode. Okay, so we’re really, really stalker–y… He leans in towards the window. I can feel his breath on the back of my neck as he whispers in response. 
“Point her out if you see her.” I nod. Wait, they can’t hear us… 
“Bellamy, why are we whispering?” I whisper. Bellamy meets my eyes, his expression is almost childlike. 
“I don’t know, you whispered first. It just feels like we should. It’s like we’re spies or something.” he whispers back to me. I giggle quietly. 
“Spies sounds better than stalkers at least.” I can’t seem to stop giggling. 
“Quiet! You make a terrible spy, you can’t take anything seriously.” He gives me a grin and I laugh even harder. I notice a tall, red haired woman approaching. Tristan’s soul mate. I point her out between bursts of laughter. Bellamy uses his phone to snap a picture of her and we both sit and watch, eager to see what she is going to do. She pauses outside the restaurant. and looks in through the glass window. She looks irritated. She then flicks her bright hair over her shoulder, turns and strides back the way she came. 
“What was that?” I question, in a NORMAL volume. I turn to face Bellamy and my brain. screeches 
to a halt when I realise how close he’s gotten. He releases a breath before slowly 
leaning back. Then he shrugs. 
“Maybe she was coming to check up on him? Even if it is part of some nefarious scheme, it can’t be fun watching your partner date someone else. Even if they haven’t got a romantic 
type relationship yet.” I nod, makes sense to me. We watch as Megan and Tristan complete 
3/5 
19- Spies and stalkers 
their meal and duck our heads as they exit Borderline and get back in their car. We follow 
them as they drive back to the compound where Tristan drops Megan off. Once he drives off, I sit back in my seat and sigh. 
“Well, that didn’t really reveal very much.” I complain. 
“We go 
got a photo of the mystery woman though. I’ll see if we can figure out who she is. It might give us a little insight. When I zoom in on a computer I might even be able to see her mark. I think she was wearing short sleeves.” I groan and close my eyes. It has been a long day of shopping and espionage. I am craving my bed and all my comfy pillows. I hear Bellamy chuckle beside me and I crack open my eyes to look at him. 
“I 
1 
guess I should get you home.” He starts the car up again and heads back to my place. 
I am completely disoriented as Bellamy shakes me awake from the drivers seat. I hadn’t realised I was so tired that I would fall asleep. I blush, embarrassed. It wasn’t even a long drive. Only a few minutes. 
“Sorry…” I apologise, Bellamy waves my apology off dismissively. 
“If you’re tired enough to fall asleep in the car then you needed the sleep. I don’t mind.” He opens his car door and climbs out, I get my own door and do the same. Bellamy is halfway around the car by the time I’m out and immediately steps forward to offer me his arm. I still think it seems rather excessive. The stairs are only a few metres away and I’m unlikely to face. danger in the minute it will take me to get to my door. But I allow him his actions without ion. It doesn’t actually do me any harm to let him walk me, so why not? A flash of white in the corner of my eyes catches my attention and I turn to look. I don’t even manage. to turn my head all the way when someone grabs my arm and firmly yanks me out of Bellamy’s reach. I try and scream but a cold hand covers my mouth. 
4/5 
###Chapter 20
20- Attacks and awkwardness 
I look to Bellamy and find he is fighting off two other men. The men are all pale and have near black eyes, although I could be mistaken in the dark and under this much pressure. Bellamy lunges at one of the men, attempting to knock him down, but a flash of fangs causes him to stumble back as they graze his arm. Vampires. We are being attacked by Vampires. Why are we being attacked by Vampires? Vampires don’t care about anything but their next meal! Why would they come after us? Coincidence that we happen to be out at night? But this area has always been relatively safe, and what Vampire in their right mind would attack a Shifter Alpha? I mean seriously, Vampires? Properly aware of the situation, Bellamy is more careful in his next attack. He freezes however, when the Vampire who is holding me tightens his grip and pushes my head to the side, baring my neck. I can feel the Vampire’s breath on my skin, it’s cold enough to make me shiver. Bellamy growls at him and glares. The Vampire doesn’t need to say anything, the threat is clear enough. I know I can’t just stand here and wait. Bellamy is clearly at a disadvantage and sadly my own powers are not terribly useful in a fight. I meet Bellamy’s eyes. His expression is one of pure fury, although his face softens a little as he meets my gaze. His golden eyes are practically glowing in the darkness. I can see claws emerging from his hands and fangs sprouting from his mouth. I guess I won’t have to ask Megan what he looks like in his feline form after all. I’m about to see it first hand. The Vampires are distracted by the transformation and I take advantage of their inattention. The Vampire holding me has loosened the hand which is pinning my arms to my sides enough that I can slide one loose. Without stopping 
o give him a chance to catch me again, I blindly swing my hand backwards in an effort to stab him in the eye. It works better than I could have expected and the Vampire releases me as he clutches his eye, swearing violently. I do my best to stumble away from him. I’d like to go run and hide, or help Bellamy, or do something even remotely useful. But honestly, my legs are shaking and my knees are about to give way. I’ve never been involved in any kind of fight before and I am definitely not prepared for this. A steady growl draws my attention back to Bellamy. He is fully transformed now and even I can’t argue that it isn’t impressive. I can’t say for sure with my limited knowledge of Shifters and felines in general. But he looks like the pictures I’ve seen of black panthers, only bigger. His eyes still glow gold and it takes only half a second for him to turn his attention to the Vampires. If it’s at all possible I would swear they go even more white than they already were. The one I stabbed in the eye swears again. 
“This isn’t worth the prize we were promised. Let’s just go.” The other Vampires voice their agreement and the three of them run away quickly. I expect Bellamy to chase after them, as angry as he seems. But he waits for them to be out of sight before racing to my side. I am at 
1/3 
20 Attacks and awkwardhenn 
the base of the stairs and until this second I hadn’t noticed that I have collapsed down onto the bottom step. I’m leaning against the side of the building and shaking. Bellamy stops a few feet away from me and hesitates. He tilts his head to the side as he looks me over, searching for any injury I assume. He takes a step closer, and even in this feline form, I can see concern in his eyes. I burst into tears. Em mortified by my own behaviour. I didn’t even get hurt! But 1 can still feel the Vampire’s stone cold grip around me and I can’t shake the fear. At my tears, Bellamy freezes. I lean forwards and hide my face against his fur and wrap the other around him. I’m shivering, and although I wouldn’t say the weather is warm, it is not cold enough to warrant such a reaction. I barely notice as he shifts back into himself, too caught up in my own thoughts. 
“Ryann?” his voice is wary, I can’t help but cry harder. Bellamy pulls me into a tight hug against him and sits on the step, cradling me carefully. After a few minutes, I start to pull myself together and embarrassment hits me at the position we are in. I pull away from him. and open my mouth to speak but all that comes out is a squeak as I realise that after shifting back, he is naked. Well I suppose that answers one question about Shifters. Not knowing what else to do, I push him away from me and wrap my arms around myself. My eyes hit the ground and stay there as I attempt to stop my mind from analysing the glimpse of him that I 
did see. 
“I’m going inside.” I manage to whisper. 
“Wait just a moment, I’ll grab my spare clothes from the car. I’d rather if you can stay here where I can see you.” Bellamy responds, his voice is hard and he sounds unhappy. I nod, keeping my eyes on the floor. I listen to the car door opening and closing, then the rustle of clothing as Bellamy gets dressed. Oh damn, he was naked, and hugging me. This is so awkward. I stand up as I hear him approach. I’m still shaky and stumble slightly. Bellamy reaches forward to steady me but I jerk away at his touch, still too embarrassed to look at him. I turn and climb the stairs and he follows close behind me. 
Once we’re inside, I flick the lights on and collapse into a chair at my little table. Bellamy closes and locks the door behind us then stands awkwardly by the threshold. The silence lasts for a full minute before he speaks. 
“I will call someone to come and guard your door. I’ll leave as soon as they arrive. Just put up with me being here for a few more minutes, okay?” I can’t think of another way to describe his tone other than dejected. It takes a second for his words to register in my brain properly. 
2/3 
ZV- AllOUND 01| @WNWDIUness 
“Leave? No, please don’t leave me.” I blurt out without thinking. I immediately blush red at my own words. I look up at him to see his reaction. A strange mix of emotions crosses his face. First surprise, then confusion. I’m not really sure what there is to be confused about. He did keep me safe after all, just like he promised. Bellamy steps closer to better look at my expression and I can’t help but duck my gaze, feeling awkward. He sighs. 
“Ryann, when I offered to protect you, that means from everything that frightens you. Myself included.” He says sadly. My eyes shoot up and I stand to face him better. 
You? Why would I be scared of you?” I demand. Bellamy seems at a loss for words. 
“I… it’s just… You won’t look at me. And you flinched when I tried to help. I just assumed…” he trails off. He assumed what? That I would be scared now that I’ve seen him as a giant cat? 
“Bellamy, don’t be stupid.” I say bluntly. He stares at me and I continue. 
“We were just attacked by a group of Vampires, did you even consider that they might be the reason I’m freaked out?” 
“But… you’re clearly avoiding me, you won’t even look at me!” Bellamy reminds me. I roll my 
eyes. 
Of course I’m avoiding you! I cried all over you! I’m embarrassed! And you were naked! What did you expect?” I glare at him. Bellamy stares at me in silence for a moment before braving a small smile. 
“If you really want me to stay then I’ll stay.” I find I can’t answer him so I just nod. 
###Chapter 21
21- Pillows and protection 
The more I calm down, the more awkward this entire situation seems. 
“Alright, I should make a few calls, let people know what’s happened and where I am. Why don’t you go change?” he suggests. I glance down at myself and realise that my clothes are all dirty from where I sat on the ground. I nod and make my way to my room. I quickly trade my skirt for my unicorn pyjama bottoms and my shoes for slippers. I grab a random white tank top and chuck it on instead of my pyjama top. Now that I’m inside, the long sleeves seem too warm. I can hear Bellamy on the phone in the other room. I am pulling a brush through my hair when he knocks on the door. 
“Come in.” Bellamy opens the door cautiously and looks around as he does. His eyes widen when he sees my huge collection of pillows, blankets and other comfort items. I cross my arms and glare at him. 
“Don’t you dare laugh!” he shakes his head and hold his hands up in front of himself defensively. 
“I would never! I was actually thinking how much I approve.” I raise an eyebrow and he 
continues. 
“Bedrooms should be comfortable. You seem to have 
built yourself a blanket and pillow fort 
of comfort.” I’m still a little suspicious, but I accept his explanation. 
“I spoke to my sister. If you don’t . I’ll stay here tonight and in the morning we can head to the compound together. I believe you made plans to meet up with my sister?” I nod. She had offered to show me around the compound a little more. 
“She didn’t think it was weird that you were only dropping me home now?” I ask, curious. Bellamy shrugs. 
“As far as she knows, the whole point of you being around is to find a mate for me. It makes sense that we would spend some time together. Besides, I started with, Ryann and I have been attacked by Vampires. I don’t think she had much time to process anything else. Hopefully it won’t occur to her later.” He hesitates before he speaks again. 
1/4 
“If you’ll loan me a blanket and let me steal a couple of those pillows, I’ll make myself comfortable on the floor. You’re exhausted, you should get some sleep.” Bellamy offers. I shake my head. 
“I’m not ready to sleep. I don’t think I can just yet.” I collapse onto my bed and am buried by pillows. I notice my laptop where I left it last. 
“Want to watch something on Netflix for a while?” I suggest. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Sure.” I pull my laptop out and set up Netflix. Bellamy just stands in the middle of the room awkwardly. I pat the bed beside me. 
“I have no intention of moving from this spot, so if you want to be able to actually see the screen you’re going to have to come here.” I inform him. Bellamy chuckles quietly and comes to sit beside me. We pick a show that neither of us have seen before, but it becomes pretty clear about halfway through the first episode that the show is going to be pretty dumb. I glance away from the screen and notice that Bellamy is looking at me. 
“What is it?” he jumps, surprised to have been caught staring. 
“I was just looking at your mark.” He gestures to my arm. 
“I really haven’t seen anything like it before.” His tone is curious. 
“I haven’t seen anyone with a mark like mine either. I’m an unknown Magic, life would certainly be easier if I could find someone else who is the same as me.” 
“Can I look at it properly?” Bellamy requests. I shrug and hold out my arm. 
“Go for it.” Eagerly, Bellamy moves in closer to look. 
“It’s quite pretty.” He observes. I nod. 
“Yep, I appreciate that if nothing else. There was a lot of difficulty deciding what mark I should have since I’m an unknown. I was taken to see an Oracle when I was young. All he ended up doing was drawing this pattern so this is what I ended up with.” It’s awkwardly quiet for a minute. I break the silence. 
2/4 
“Okay, this show sucks. Let’s pick something different.” Without waiting for his response, I swap it to the first episode of one of my favourite shows. 
“Love this show.” He comments as he settles in beside me to watch. I switch off the lights so we can pay proper attention. I’m so keyed up from adrenaline that it takes a while for me to relax. Bellamy seems comfortable, and with him here I’m not really worried about being attacked again. My room is my safe place and eventually the familiar comforts soothe me. 
Light peeking through a gap in my curtains rouses me and I groan. Still mostly asleep and totally relaxed, I turn away from the bright morning sun and snuggle in closer to the warmth of my blankets. I’m so comfortable that It takes a few moments for my sleep addled brain to realise that my pillow is breathing. My eyes fly open and I shift around to see Bellamy lying half beside me half under me, still asleep. I am lying partially on his chest with his arm flung over me. My laptop is sitting on the edge of the bed, still open, although I think it’s gone flat since it wasn’t plugged in and the screen is black. We must have both fallen asleep while watching Netflix. Am I going to be able to move without waking Bellamy? I consider our positions. It seems unlikely. Seeing no other choice, I carefully sit up, trying to move his arm without waking him. I am just sliding it off me when suddenly his hold on me tightens, I freeze as he pulls me back closer to his chest. Bellamy grunts as he blinks the sleep from his eyes. He looks sleepy and not very aware. His gaze shifts to me and he smiles. 
“Hey.” He mumbles, I stare at him. I’ve never looked at his eyes so close before and even half asleep, they’re piercing. 
“Hey?” my answer comes out as a question, my voice pitched a little higher than usual due to my nervousness. I was not prepared to face this much handsome, this early in the morning. Bellamy looks at me a moment longer before his eyes suddenly go wide. He releases me and I quickly sit up. He does the same. 
“We fell asleep?” He asks, although he obviously already knows the answer to that question. It 
answer him anyway. 
“Apparently. What time is it?” Bellamy moves around as he pulls his phone out of his pocket. 
“Almost seven.” He smiles at me, he seems more relaxed and well–rested than I have ever seen him, which is weird considering that we were attacked by Vampires just last night. I nod and climb out of bed. I glance at the mirror and cringe as I realise my hair resembles a bird’s 
3/4 
21 Pillows and protection 
nest. 
“I’m gonna have a quick shower.” I tell him as I retreat to the bathroom. I close the door before he has a chance to say anything. I quickly turn on the water, strip and step into the warmth of the shower. I expected Bellamy to be uptight and paranoid after the incident with the Vampires last night. This relaxed, chill Bellamy is a complete surprise. I am feeling awkward and uncomfortable, why isn’t he? It’s only fair. Maybe he’s just used to randomly sleeping in women’s beds. Maybe this isn’t uncomfortable for him. I don’t know anything about him, he could be the type to sleep around. Although I admit that doesn’t seem TOO likely given his romantic disposition and his position as Alpha, especially if he’s trying to avoid leading anyone on. I am just about to put shampoo in my hair when I hear a banging at the front door. 
###Chapter 22
22- Muffins and mornings 
I turn off the water and hear Bellamy talking to someone. I wrap myself in a fluffy towel and exit the bathroom. Curious, I make sure I’m properly covered with the towel before opening my bedroom door and sticking my head out. 
“Bellamy, is someone here?” I question. He doesn’t get a chance to answer as Maggie peers. around his shoulder. She raises an eyebrow at my appearance. 
“Good morning sweetie. I woke early and made some muffins. I thought I might bring a few up for you. For your… gentleman friend too I suppose.” She says pointedly. I blush as I realise how this looks. I glance at Bellamy who shrugs at me helplessly. I step out from behind the bedroom door, desperate to explain myself to Maggie. Not that I’ve actually done anything wrong. But Maggie is my friend and I don’t want her to misunderstand me. As I emerge, Bellamy’s eyes go wide, then he suddenly finds something terribly interesting to stare at on my ceiling. His response Maggie who gives a short laugh. 
isn’t missed b 
“I should let you two get on with your morning.” She hands Bellamy a plate which has four muffins on it. I guess she thought I would want some for tomorrow. Still, it’s convenient. She turns and leaves, making her way slowly down the stairs as we stare after her. I realise that I never managed to explain Bellamy’s presence here so early in the morning, not to mention my attire. I sigh dramatically. Bellamy closes the front door behind her, at the sound of my sigh, his eyes flick towards me. Then again up to my apparently fascinating ceiling. He stands there awkwardly, shuffling his feet a little before suddenly turning and heading to my kitchen. area where he places the muffins on the bench. His posture is tense. I realise that I am just standing here staring at him. 
“Go ahead and eat, just make sure to leave me one. I’ll be back in a moment.” I’m still not really sure on the protocol for how to treat a guy who just accidentally slept with me all night. It was innocent, but still… I head to my room with one last glance back at Bellamy. He is watching me leave and turns away in a sudden, sharp movement when he realises I’m looking. He actually, finally, looks uncomfortable. I’m not sure if I should be concerned that the only thing I’ve found so far which makes him uncomfortable is me in a towel. It’s not like I’m not covered. A tank top and shorts would cover only just as much. Unless the problem is that he doesn’t like how I look. Which is probably worse. I try not to think about it too much. 
No need to overthink and worry myself. I close the door behind me and relax as I return to the bathroom and quickly rinse some shampoo and conditioner through my hair before I 
1/4 
return to my room to find something to wear. Leggings and a t–shirt are my go to and I grab the first ones I find and throw them on. I pull on some grey leggings and pull out a navy blue t–shirt. I stare at it for a moment. Until just now I forgot I even had this shirt. It has a picture on the front of a mischievous looking black cat with bright yellow eyes. It has the words ‘I’m harmless I swear… written below it. I can’t help a burst of laughter. I consider a moment before putting it on. Will Bellamy find it insulting or funny? I think it’s hilarious, but I’m not the one who turns into a giant cat. Screw it, I’m going to wear it. He was worried I would be scared of him, if nothing else I can make a point. I put on the shirt and slip on a pair of black ballet flats. Then I grab a hairbrush from my dresser before I head back to my living where Bellamy is waiting, brushing my damp hair as I go. Bellamy has finished one muffin and started on a second. He raises an eyebrow at me, he looks like he might be about to laugh. 
e area 
“Was that t–shirt–intentional?” He grins at me. I try to keep a straight face and the most innocent tone I can muster. 
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.” He stares for a second until my self control finally breaks at his confused expression and I begin to laugh. He can’t help but join in. It takes a minute for me to regain my composure and when I do, Bellamy is still chuckling to himself 
“I wasn’t sure about it, I can change if you don’t like it.” I don’t particularly want to go get changed, but I can sort of see how the image might be a little insulting towards Bellamy, particularly after last night. He shakes his head. 
“Don’t go changing on my account, you look cute.” He seems to regret the words as soon as he says them. At least I think he does, he looks away and seems annoyed at himself. We fall into an awkward silence. I step forward and grab a muffin and eat. He stands up straight from where he had been leaning on my bench. 
“Ready to go?” he asks. Not wanting to prolong the awkwardness any longer I nod eagerly. I run and grab my phone. My card is in the case with it so I’m all set. Bellamy hands me the 
last muffin. 
“Eat.” He orders. I raise an eyebrow but take the muffin. 
“One muffin is not enough food.” He grumbles as we make our way outside. I lock the door 
behind us. The moment we are outside, Bellamy offers me his arm. I guess he is still a bit 
2/4 
riled up about the attack last night after all. I take his arm without complaint and we head down the stairs. It’s a tight fit with both of us walking beside each other on the small staircase, but it’s really not worth the effort of complaining about it to Bellamy. It’s not particularly uncomfortable or anything. He opens the car door for me and I thank him as I climb in. I watch through the front window as he jogs around the car to the driver seat. I smile a little when I realise that his hair is still rumpled from bed. This might be the first time that I’m actually more put together than he is, although just barely. Bellamy starts the car and we begin the drive towards the Shifter compound. We pull in and park, but Bellamy makes no move to leave the car. Instead he’s staring at me like he wants to say something. I glance over at him. 
“Something wrong?” I ask. He frowns, then sighs, running a hand through his dark hair, messing it further. 
“I didn’t intend to fall asleep In your bed last night.” He blurts out. I stare at him, confused. 
“I know that. It was an accident, don’t worry about it.” I reassure him. I resist the desire to reach out and touch his arm in some attempt to calm or comfort him. This is awkward enough as it is. Bellamy looks confused. 
“I don’t understand how I fell asleep like that. I should have been more alert, particularly after we were attacked. I don’t usually fall asleep so quickly that I could accidentally fall asleep. It’s like I had no awareness at all.” I’m pretty sure it has something to do with me being his fated mate. He mentioned how much Shifters like to be physically close to those 
they care about. I suppose even if we aren’t actually together yet, part of Bellamy knows to relax around me. It’s strange. This is yet another chance that I could take to tell Bellamy about our red thread. I still can’t do it though so I just shrug in a non–committal way. 
“You were probably just tired or something.” I mutter as a vague kind of excuse. Bellamy looks unconvinced. He does, however, finally get out of the car. I go to open my door but he must have half run around the vehicle because he beats me to it. I climb out and accept his arm to walk the short distance to the home which he and Megan share. Bellamy reaches to open the front door but it bursts open and Megan comes flying out before he gets a chance to. She slams into me and grips me in a tight hug.. 
“Are you okay? I was so worried! Bels told me I wasn’t allowed to come see you in case the Vampires were still hanging around.” Megan blurts out in one go. I mutter something about being fine but it is barely understandable as Megan is taller than me so my face is crushed. 
3/4 
into her shoulder. I’m not used to this much hugging and I sort of want to pull away but 
Megan was worried about me. I can deal with a long hug if it makes her feel better. 
“Thanks for the concern Megs…” Bellamy says dryly. Megan finally releases me to face him. 
She rolls her eyes. 
“Oh you’re fine. You’re the big bad Alpha cat. A few Vamps is nothing new for you. You just turn into a cat and hiss at them and-” she cuts herself off and her eyes go wide. She turns. 
back to me. 
“You saw him shift. Are you okay? Do you hate us now?” 
###Chapter 23
23- Disrespect and dress codes 
She seems nervous. I frown. Why do they keep assuming my automatic reaction is going to be hate. Seriously. They shift into cats, not horrifying monsters. I was so busy trying to figure this out that I forget to answer Megan who is getting increasingly agitated. Bellamy nudges me to get my attention. I whip my head around, somewhat confused as I had been so distracted. A quiet voice from behind Megan draws my attention. Darrien, I hadn’t even noticed him standing there. He’s smiling and his voice is amused. 
“She’s just fine, Miss Kane. Look at her shirt.” Megan’s eyes drop to my shirt and she starts laughing. Darrien joins in quietly, he can’t seem to help himself. I turn to Bellamy. 
“I meant for it to be funny, but this is a little much. I am completely regretting this shirt right now.” I whine. This sets him off laughing too. I cross my arms and glare at him. 
“Okay, it’s not that funny.” I complain. Darrien gets control of himself first. 
“Oh it really is. I don’t know anyone else who would dare wear something like that around. our Alpha. But it makes a statement.” Wow, I think that’s the most I’ve ever heard him say. I think about what he said. Okay now that is hilarious. I roll my eyes. 
“Dare? He’s not that scary.” Darrien glances sideways at Bellamy then back to me. 
“He’s Alpha.” I shrug. 
“That doesn’t stop Megan from making fun of him.” I point out.. 
“Yes, but I’m his sister. It’s different.” Megan chimes in. 
“Usually, no one would dare. Bellamy would not tolerate the disrespect.” She looks 
thoughtful. 
“Why aren’t you mad at Ryann Bels? It’s pretty unusual for you to just laugh this kind of thing off. But as far as I can see, Ryann has been getting away with pretty much anything.” Bellamy crosses his arms over his chest defensively. 
1/5 
“She’s not a Shifter.” He grumbles. 
“That’s never made a difference before.” Megan argues in response. Bellamy seems to be growing increasingly agitated under his sister’s inquisition. 
“It’s different okay.” He practically growls out. Megan opens her mouth to argue but I interrupt. 
“There is a difference between being disrespectful and just messing around. Bellamy knows when I mean to be disrespectful. Anyways, you promised to show me around a bit today, or are we going to just stand here in the doorway all day?” I change the topic. Megan is easily sidetracked. Bellamy’s relief is visible. 
“Oh my gosh. I was so worried about you I barely even thought about it. Yes, I want to show you everything. Also I thought I might introduce you to a few other Shifters. That is, if you don’t mind?” 
“I’m cool with it.” I assure her. She grins at me, her golden eyes shining in the morning sun. Bellamy clears his throat to get my attention. 
“Don’t leave the compound without saying something. Stay with Darrien. Call me if there’s at problem. Aaron will drive you to work this afternoon. Someone will come to collect you in the evening and to guard your door through the night.” He orders. I cross my arms over my chest. and raise an eyebrow at him. Bellamy sighs, rolls his eyes, but does give in a little. 
“Will that be acceptable to you?” he asks. Obviously it’s less of a request and more of a demand. But I appreciate the attempt and it soothes my temper before it really even flares up. I sigh dramatically. 
“Fine, at least I’ll be safe at work. No one would dare cause trouble in Borderline.” Bellamy smiles at me, glad I’m cooperating I suppose. 
“That won’t be an issue I’m sure.” He assures me. With that, he turns and heads inside the house. Megan leads me in the opposite direction. 
“We’ll finish up the tour back here for lunch.” She declares happily. 
2/5 
23- Disrespect and dress codes 
The morning was leisurely and rather educational. Megan chattered away, telling me different details about Shifter’s lifestyles at the compound. Darrien trailed behind us as per usual and we finished the tour back at Megan and Bellamy’s home where Megan was excited to show me her bedroom. It looks a lot more mature than mine. All matching and put together. I blush thinking about how Bellamy saw my rainbow mish–mash of comfort items. But I don’t have time to be embarrassed for long as Megan continues with my tour. Megan and I are sitting in the kitchen eating sandwiches when Bellamy shows up again. Aaron is with him this time. He informs me that Aaron will drive me home and then to work once I am ready. I agree, hug Megan goodbye and promise to text her later so we can properly make our plans for getting ready for the engagement party Saturday. Megan returns to her room, excited about looking at wedding dresses online or something. Darrien follows after her. Bellamy walks me out to where a car is waiting. Aaron climbs into the driver’s seat while. Bellamy opens my door for 
me. 
“Make sure you call if there’s a problem.” He reminds me. I nod my acceptance. I am already thinking about work. I need to get home and change into my uniform, and those dreaded heels. Although at least I won’t be walking to work in them for once. I’m halfway home when I realise that Bellamy knew I had work this afternoon. I don’t remember mentioning my work schedule to him, so how did he know? I pretty much always work Thursday afternoons so I guess it wouldn’t be hard to find out. But who did he ask?” I get home, Aaron gives me his arm and escorts me up to my home where I quickly change and get ready for work. I had barely realised the time. It was probably a good thing that Bellamy came to tell me it was time to leave. But how did he KNOW? I’m still mulling on the topic when Aaron and I arrive at my work. I drop his arm as we enter the door and he steps back to stand slightly behind me. I repress a groan as I see Anthony approaching. He must be my shift manager today ast well. He’s the most irritating of the managers as he is the only human. Now, I have no problem with humans, but he must be a little insecure or something because he loves to lord. his power over any of the employees, particularly ones that are Magics. Still, I paste on a smile and greet him politely. 
“Good afternoon Ryann.” He answers, his tone perfectly civil. Now that’s unusual. Usually he would just grunt and tell me to get to work already. Or ask if I’m running late. He must want something from me. 
Can I help you Anthony?” I question. He shakes his head. 
“I’ve been asked to inform you that your request for leave on Saturday has been approved.” He starts. I frown a little. I was planning to request Saturday off, but I hadn’t done it yet. I 
3/5 
23–Disrespect and dress codes 
was going to ask today. If they refused I planned to use some of my sick leave and fake an illness or something. I just nod. No reason to argue when I’m getting what I want. 
“I have also been asked to inform you about some modifications to our uniform policy. Apparently someone influential spoke directly to the owner.” He grumbles. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Modifications?” I question Anthony nods. 
“Today is the last day where high heels will be compulsory footwear for the female servers. From now on you will be permitted to wear any kind of black, closed toe shoes.” I gape at him as he turns and stalks off. He seems annoyed. This might be the best news I’ve heard in months. I’m totally floored as I realise there is only one person who could have arranged this. Bellamy did mention that he knows the owner. He also mentioned that he would contact my work to ensure I wasn’t in trouble for missing my shift. Apparently he also arranged for Saturday off for me and got the rules about high heels changed. Did he really pay that much attention to my complaints about my shoes? It seems almost impossible that he didn’t just listen, he actually fixed the problem. Someone taps me on the shoulder and I whirl around to face Aaron. He wordlessly passes me a folded piece of paper before giving me a deep nod and then leaving, his job apparently completed. I still haven’t heard a single word from him. I’m starting to wonder if he can actually talk at all. I unfold the paper and find another handwritten note from Bellamy. 
“Ryann, 
I hope you are not upset with me for interfering at your workplace. Please be assured that I did so in an attempt to help you rather than in some attempt to manipulate you. I like to consider myself a generally well rounded person. I am aware however, that one of my biggest faults is my pride. I have always found it difficult to apologise to people and this time is no different. I am writing you this note in the hopes that you will accept my gesture as an apology for the stress and fear that associating and assisting me has caused you. Specifically, the trouble I brought upon you last night when I got you caught up in the most recent attempt on my life. I am aware that apologies are best given face to face, but I find that I am not quite capable of doing so at this moment. I hope that you won’t hold my indirect methods 
against me. Maybe one day I will be able to apologise face to face for whatever offence I have committed against you at that time. But for now, I hope that this is enough and that you are willing to accept it. 
Sincerely, 
###Chapter 24
Strings of Fate 
24- Heels and hugs 
I read the note, then re–read it again. Hellamy apologised? To me? I am in complete shock. But why? Not to mention, I was never upset with him. I hadn’t even considered that the attack was any fault of his or that I should blame him for it. He must have been feeling really guilty if he actually decided he needed to apologise. I collapse into a nearby chair at a currently unoccupied table and drop my head into my hands. I can’t believe he apologised, True, it was via a note. But I have no problem with that. Direct or not, the apology was sincere and that’s all I care about. I’m struck by the desire to see him and to give him a hug. For now, I content myself with writing him a text. 
Ryann- There was never anything you needed to apologise for. If I did anything to make you feel that there was then I’m sorry, I accept your apology as unnecessary as it may be. Your gesture was also unnecessary and a little nosy, but it was sweet and I am grateful for it. I have to start work now, but it will be a pleasure knowing that when I take these shoes off at the end of the evening, I won’t ever have to wear them again. 
Thanks again! 
I hesitate for a few seconds before I hit send. The phone vibrates with a response only seconds after I send it. 
Bellamy  Have a good shift. 
I smile as I stick my phone back into my pocket and ready myself to work. 
My shift felt like it lasted forever. Still, it’s finally over and I can go home. My feet are killing me, I am really not looking forward to the walk home. On the bright side, I can ditch the shoes. Maybe I should walk home barefoot… It would probably be easier. I remember that Bellamy said he would send someone to keep me safe tonight. I wonder who, and when. I’m just cleaning the dishes off of one last table when I notice Bellamy entering Borderline. I immediately drop the dishes back on to the table and dash to meet him. He seems surprised. But his look of shock is nothing compared to how he totally freezes when I throw caution to the wind. I hurl myself at him in a hug. I desperately wanted to hug him after I read his note earlier and that desire hadn’t faded as I worked. In fact, the more my feet began to suffer the more I began to appreciate what he had done for me. Because of this, by the end of my shift, I don’t think I have ever appreciated anything or anyone as much as I appreciate Bellamy 
1/5 
Emergency calls only 
24- Heels and hugs 
.084% 
.084% 
|| 
14:22 
right now. After a few seconds, he breaks through his shock and wraps his arms around me, hugging me back. I sink into the hug. 
“Is something wrong?” he sounds nervous. I laugh as I pull away from the hug. He seems 
st reluctant to let go. 
“Nope, everything is just fine.” I smile at him. He looks even more nervous. I suppose I’ve never greeted him in such a friendly manner before. 
“I was just thinking, my feet hurt.” Bellamy gives me a relieved grin. 
“Ahh, well. That’s why I’m here. I thought I should protect you from those evil shoes and save you the walk home.” He explains. I nod. 
“Thanks, I’ve just gotta take these last dishes. I’ll be back in two seconds.” With that, I dash off to return the dishes I abandoned when Bellamy entered. It takes less than a minute for me. to return to where he still stands waiting for me. He offers me his arm. 
“Shall we?” I laugh. 
“We shall.” I declare, taking his arm. He leads me outside to where his car waits and opens the door for me. I hop in and he takes the driver’s seat and pulls away from the curb, driving towards my home.. 
“So, I thought you said you would send someone to get me, although honestly I had totally forgotten until a few minutes ago.” I admit. Bellamy shrugs. 
“My evening opened up unexpectedly. I decided I may as well just come check on you myself. Plus, I sort of wanted to confirm that you really weren’t mad at me or anything. I mean, you said you weren’t, but…” he trails off. 1 roll my eyes dramatically. 
“Have I ever hesitated to tell you when you’re irritating me before?” I question. Bellamy 
shakes his head no. 
“Then you can assume that I wouldn’t hesitate now. Don’t worry about it okay” Bellamy looks pleased. 
2/5 
24 Heels and hugs 
It only takes a couple minutes to reach my home. As seems to be usual now, Bellamy rushes. to get my door for me and offers me his arm. I don’t miss his wary demeanour. He is alert and clearly ready for any surprises that might come our way. I pause at the bottom of the stairs and use Bellamy’s arm to steady myself as I yank my heels off. I am not climbing to the third Bloor in heels. We head up and I unlock the door. I don’t hesitate, I walk straight in and chuck my heels straight in the rubbish bin by the counter, Bellamy laughs as he closes and locks the door behind us. 
“So, are you staying for dinner? I was just planning to order pizza.” I offer. Bellamy looks. uncomfortable. 
“Well, actually. I told the guy 1 originally arranged to keep an eye on your place tonight that he could take the night off. So I’m technically planning to stick around all night. But I’ll stay. outside and out of your way if it’s an issue.” He offers. I cross my arms and raise an eyebrow. I want to be annoyed at him, but he’s been so sweet today and I know he’s just worried about 
me. 
“You really don’t need to babysit me. I seriously doubt anyone is going to come after me or anything.” I point out. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“They came after us before because I was there, but they attacked at your home. They know where you live and that I’ve offered you protection. It’s my fault that they could be targeting you. Please let me at least take responsibility for that.” He states seriously. I consider for a 
moment. 
“Do you actually think I could be in danger?” I ask. Bellamy nods. 
“In that case I suppose you can stay. I don’t particularly want to be attacked by Vampires again. But I’m not going to send you outside, that’s just silly. Now, what kind of pizza do you want?” I pull my phone out and start dialling the closest pizza joint. 
Thirty minutes later we’re sprawled out on my bedroom floor with the pizza which Bellamy somehow managed to pay for before I got a chance to grab my purse. I’ve changed into my unicorn pyjamas and Bellamy is currently scrolling through Netflix on my laptop trying to pick something for us to watch. He settles on a superhero movie. I’ve seen it before but I don’t mind watching it again. Halfway through the movie I pause and take the leftover pizza to the fridge. I should really say my leftover pizza because Bellamy finished all his. I head 
3/5 
24- Heels and hugs 
back and shift the laptop up onto my bed and settle in. I pat beside me for Bellamy to sit. He looks unsure. 
“I don’t want to accidentally fall asleep again.” He admits. I shrug. Does it really matter? He already slept here once, another time won’t make all that much difference. Mostly I just don’t want to stay sitting on the floor. 
“Just sit.” I demand. Bellamy caves, kicks his shoes off and takes the spot beside me. When the movie finishes I look over and realise that Bellamy has in fact fallen asleep again. 
I stifle a giggle. I carefully close the laptop and try to move it off the bed without waking him but I fail. His eyes flash open and he glances around. He immediately realises what happened and swears under his breath as he sits up. 
“Damn it. I did it again. I’ll move.” He grumbles. I shake my head. 
“Don’t bother. I don’t really have a spare mattress for you or anything. One more night won’t make a difference. You’ve been a gentleman thus far, I don’t see any reason why that would change.” Okay so I’m actually testing a theory here. Bellamy has been a little wound up and antsy since he picked me up. Not in a way that makes me think he’s being a jerk. More in a ‘stressed out and having trouble relaxing‘ type way. He always seems to be in a better mood after spending time with me which makes sense based on what I’ve been told about Shifters. I really want to know if I’m just imagining it, but mostly I’m hoping it will help him relax a little. I might be hiding the fact that I’m supposed to be his mate from him but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to help him if I can. 
###Chapter 25
25- Reassurance and respect 
“Are you sure…” Bellamy trails off. I nod. He gives in pretty much immediately. Well that was casy. I sort of expected him to argue a little more. Well, whatever. He settles back into the bed. I crawl over the end of the bed and back into my spot. He flicks the lamp off and the room looks totally black as I adjust to the sudden darkness. A few mater I begin to make out a few shadowy shapes. I glance at Bellamy beside me, he doesn’t seem to be asleep. yet. He notices my movement. Except I only really moved my eyes. This tells me two things. One; Bellamy has much better night vision than I do which is hardly surprising for a feline Shifter. Second; he was using the night vision to watch me. 
“You’re still awake?” He whispers. 
“Yeah, I guess.” I reply. 
“Umm. Ryann?” he starts. I wait for him to continue. 
“You’re the only person other than my sister who doesn’t use my title.” he suddenly states. I’m confused. I thought it sounded like he wanted to ask something. That wasn’t really a question. 
“Really? I didn’t know that.” I reply, hoping he will explain himself. Lucky for me, he keeps talking. 
“It’s meant to be a sign of respect.” he explains then falls silent for a minute. I wait but he doesn’t say anything so I break the silence. 
“Are you saying you want me to stop using your name and use your title instead?” I ask. 
Bellamy quickly s. 
“No, definitely not.” he assures me. 
“Oh good, because I don’t think I would have been able to do it.” I decide. Bellamy might be the Alpha, but he isn’t my Alpha. 
“Earlier you were telling my sister there’s a difference between being disrespectful and 
1/4 
messing around.” he starts. I nod, well aware that he can see it fine, 
“Yes, was I wrong?” I question. 
“Well… no, I mean, that’s not what 1” he cuts himself off. 
“DO you respect me?” Bellamy blurts out. For a moment I’m stunned into silence. What kind of a question is that? Bellamy keeps talking when I don’t immediately answer. 
“Because usually I can tell, people use my title to show respect, Shifters defer to me and are painfully polite to me. But you never really have, So I was wondering if that meant that you don’t really respect me…” he trails off. I sit up on my elbow to face him. 
“Bellamy, when we first met, YOU were the one who asked me to call you Bellamy. You didn’t even tell me you were the Alpha until later. So, I know you first as Bellamy Kane the crazy guy who woke the whole building, then as Alpha Kane the lunatic who had me kidnapped. I’ve never used your title because you never seemed to exp it of me.” I explain. When Bellamy answers he sounds a little depressed. 
“Based on the rather negative light you’ve cast me in here and the fact that you keep calling me names, I take it that the answer is no, you don’t think much of me.” He sighs and turns so 
his back is to me. 
“You are really not understanding me at all. What I’m saying is, I don’t really know Alpha Kane‘ so I can’t really see you that way. But, I do know Bellamy. The jerk who was so concerned about his sister that he bent down the door of a complete stranger and later arranged her kidnapping for the sake of that sister. The weird guy who was willing to be open minded enough to trust in my unique magics. The idiot who fought Vampires then got upset because I was uncomfortable around him while he was NAKED. Bellamy, the complete oddball. who protected me from a pair of shoes. So yes Bellamy. I do respect you. But my opinion has nothing to do with your position as Alpha so it never occurred to me to use your title.” Bellamy turns back to face me. I wish I could see his face but it’s too dark. It’s kind of unfair because I know he can see mine and that knowledge makes me blush. It’s easy to be honest in the dark, at least until I remember that he has stupid night vision. I’m interrupted from my thoughts by Bellamy. He grabs me and pulls me into a hug which catches me completely by surprise. He nuzzles close to me in a very cat–like motion and whispers in my ear. 
2/4 
“Never use my title. I prefer you like this.” I lie still and accept the hug. After a minute I start to wonder if he’s actually planning to let go.. 
“Bellamy?” I whisper. He doesn’t answer. Apparently now that his thoughts are settled he’s fallen asleep again. Oh well, I suppose I don’t really mind staying where I am all that much. It close my eyes and it doesn’t take long at all for me to fall asleep too. 
I open my eyes and look around me. I’m completely alone so Bellamy must have left. My blankets are tucked nicely around me in a way that no one can manage without some kind of assistance. I sit up and stretch a little. This is weird, it’s morning but I don’t want to kill. anything. I actually feel pretty okay. Usually mornings and I are not all that compatible. Wait, maybe I overslept and it isn’t even morning anymore, that would explain it. I grab my phone. It’s 8:45am. No that’s still early enough to be horrible most of the time. I wonder what time Bellamy left? I notice a bit of paper on my bedside table that I don’t remember leaving there. Another one of Bellamy’s notes? He does seem rather fond of them. 
*Ryann, 
I didn’t want to wake you but I have a meeting at 8. You will find another guard outside your door who will stay with you until someone comes to relieve him later this evening, Call me if you need anything. 
Bellamy 
P.S. I probably should have mentioned this last night, but I respect you too, and not just because you’re brave enough to constantly insult me to my face.” 
Well, that explains where Bellamy went at least. It was nice of him to leave a note for me. It wonder who is babysitting me now. Wait, he said the guard was outside my door. As in, outside outside or in the living area outside? I climb out of bed and open my bedroom door. I can’t see anyone. Has Bellamy assigned some poor 
Shifter to hang around outside all day? 
Because that’s just silly, whoever it is can just come inside. I open the front door and immediately Darrien turns to face me. Well, of all the Shifters, I didn’t expect it to be him. 
“Darrien? Aren’t you usually with Megan?” I ask, curious. He nods. 
“Yes Miss Gale. Miss Kane intends to stay at the compound all day. She’s researching for her 
3/4 
25- Reassurance and respect 
wedding I believe. Alpha Kane suggested I keep an eye on you today instead while he finds a more suitable guard for the long term.” He explains. He doesn’t even bat an eyelid at my unicorn pyjamas and somewhat unkempt appearance. I like him all the more for it. 
“Well come inside, there’s no reason to stay out there.” Darrien looks uncomfortable with the idea. I ignore his discomfort, grab his arm and lead him inside. 
“Take a seat, I was just about to make myself some toast for breakfast. Want anything?” I offer. He shakes his head. 
“No thank you Miss Gale.” Darrien closes and locks the door behind him then takes a seat at my little dining table. I set about making myself some buttered toast. I’m just burning my fingers pulling it out the toaster when a knock at the door startles me and I drop my toast on 
the bench. I quickly flick it onto the plate I had prepared and go to answer the door. Darrien 
beats me to it. 
“Please let me Miss Gale.” I roll my eyes. 
“Call me Ryann. Miss Gale makes me feel like a kindergarten teacher or something.” Darrien doesn’t respond and I get the feeling he isn’t going to cooperate right away, I’ll have to work on that one. He opens the door. He’s so big that I can’t see past him to whoever is waiting. 
###Chapter 26
26- Schedules and sick days 
I tap Darrien on the arm to let me see. He moves to the side a little to reveal Maggie’s grandson Logan. The eleven year old looks pale and sweaty. His blond hair is almost plastered to his head. He’s bundled up in a thick jacket and looks completely miserable. 
“Logan!” I shove Darrien out the way, he moves aside which is good because me pushing him likely had little effect. 
“Sweetie, are you okay? You look a mess. Where’s your mum? What are you doing here? You didn’t walk here did you?” I stop myself to give him a chance to answer. His usually confident tone that reminds me so much of Maggie is quiet. 
“I’m too sick for school so mum drove me here because she has to go to work. I knocked and waited a while but I don’t think Nana is home. Do you think you could call her for me please?” The poor thing looks dreadful. I’ve always liked Logan. He was only nine the first time we met and although my unusual eyes made him uncomfortable at first, he got used to them and now he treats me normally. 
“Of course I’ll call her. But first come in and sit down.” I order. He compliantly steps inside and sits at the table. I grab my phone and select Maggie from my speed dial. It rings a few times but she doesn’t answer. I hang up. I guess I’ll just have to keep Logan here with me until she comes back from wherever she is. I would guess probably the markets. 
“Sweetie, she didn’t answer. Your Nana is probably shopping and didn’t hear her phone. She 
thinks you’re at school and isn’t expecting you. You can stay here with me until she comes. home okay?” I tell him. Logan nods, he looks a little uncomfortable but I don’t have a better alternative for him. He keeps sending sideways looks towards Darrien. 
“Oh don’t worry about him. He only looks big and scary. He’s a big softie, aren’t you Darrien?” I poke Darrien’s arm. To my surprise, Darrien smiles and kneels down so he’s closer to Logan’s height while he is sitting in the chair. 
“Hi, I’m Darrien.” He holds out a hand to the little boy. Logan contemplates it for a moment before taking Darrien’s hand and shaking it. He might be a little frightened but he is always such a polite kid. He opens his mouth then closes it again. 
1/400 
“Do you want to say something Logan? It’s okay.” I tell him gently. He looks over at me then back to Darrien who is still kneeling beside him. 
“You’re a Magic like Ryann aren’t you?” he blurts out. He then blushes, but he’s so pale and ill looking that it looks more like he has been running a marathon than anything else. Darrien nods. 
“I’m a Magic, but not the same as Ryann. I’m a Shifter.” He explains. Logan’s eyes open wide. 
“What kind?” He asks. Darrien seems a little taken aback. 
“Kind?” he repeats. Logan nods. 
“Aren’t there different kinds of Shifters? My Nana says there is. She says I’m not allowed to ask to see but she didn’t say I couldn’t ask what kind.” He adds as an afterthought. I smile. Darrien nods seriously. 
“Your Nana is a very clever lady. I’m a feline Shifter. That means I turn into a big cat.” Logan nods his understanding. His nervousness seems to have been replaced with curiosity. Who knew Darrien was so good with kids? I’m glad, for Megan’s sake, assuming she wants kids. I think she does based on how she interacted with them while giving me my tour. I decide to step in before Logan has Darrien playing twenty questions. 
“Logan, I want you to come lie down. I’ll bring you some orange juice and if you promise to be patient while you wait for your Nana I’ll let you watch a movie on my laptop okay?” Logan gives me a smile and nods. 
“Okay, thank you Ryann. I promise not to be in the way.” My heart melts. 
“Oh sweetie, you won’t be in the way. Come on, let’s get you settled in.” I lead him into my bedroom and get him tucked in under the blankets. I’ll have to change them when he heads. home. He looks so tiny in the bed. I pull out my laptop and help Logan choose a movie. He picks Spiderman and I set it up. My phone starts to ring. I grab it and glance at the screen, it’s Bellamy. 
“Logan sweetie, I’m gonna go to the kitchen to answer this call. I’ll come watch the movie with you in a bit. You start without me. I’ll bring back that orange juice too.” I promise. I hop 
2/4 
up and head quickly into the other room. I leave my bedroom door open so I can keep an eye on Logan. I answer the call 
“Darrien tested. Is everything okay?” He demands before I can even greet him. 
“Everything is fine Hellamy, Maggie’s grandson is sick and his mum didn’t realise that Maggie isn’t home. He’s watching Spiderman in my room as we speak.” I inform him.. 
“Do you need anything?” he asks. 
“Nah, we’re fine. Thanks though.” I assure him. 
“What about your work? You have a shift starting at 12 don’t you?” 
“I say 
“Well yes, although it’s a little weird that you know that since I never told you. pointedly, Bellamy is silent for a moment. When he speaks again, his tone is unapologetic. 
“I asked about your schedule when I spoke to your workplace. I needed to know when you would be available. Plus I wanted to make sure you would get Saturday off.” He explains. 
“You could have just asked me when I’m working.” I point out. 
“I guess.” Bellamy answers vaguely. He changes the topic and I let it drop for now. 
“So what will you do about work? I can ask someone to watch the boy if you want.” 
“It’s sweet of you to offer but I think Logan will be more comfortable with me. He knows me and the poor thing in having a rough day. If I haven’t heard from Maggie in the next hour or so I’ll just call in sick to work. I have plenty of sick days saved up. I’ll give them a couple hours notice so they can get someone to cover for me.” I tell him. 
“If that’s what you would prefer. Do you want me to call them?” he offers. I roll my eyes. 
“Bellamy, there is nothing dangerous about this situation. I don’t need you to fix it for me. I’m perfectly fine. I am completely capable of making a phone call to work. Thanks for checking up on me but I’m going to go now. I’ll talk to you later.” I hang up on him without giving him a chance to answer. I am not a child. I don’t need him to micromanage my life for 
3/4 
Emergency calls only ON 
26- Schedules and sick days 
084% 14:23 
D 
me. I drop my phone on the bench but I make sure the sound is turned up so I’ll hear if Maggie calls me back. As an afterthought, I pick it back up and leave her a quick text explaining the situation. Next, I grab a glass and pour Logan a glass of orange juice. When I look up, I notice Darrien staring at me. He looks amused. 
“What?” I ask defensively. He just shakes his head. I roll my eyes and decide to ignore him. I grab the juice and deliver it to Logan. Then, I settle in beside him to watch a superhero movie. I invite Darrien to join us and he comes and sits on the floor. I frown at him. 
“You can sit up here.” I tell him. He shakes his head at me. 
“Alpha Kane wouldn’t like it.” He responds. I roll my eyes at him but decide not to push the matter, it would make the bed crowded anyway. Logan manages to finish the juice and by the time the movie ends he is pretty much asleep. I put the laptop away and carefully get up. I cover him with the blankets and sneak out the room. Darrien silently follows me. A glance at my phone shows that Maggie hasn’t answered so I make a call into work. Thankfully, Amber is the shift manager today. She’s part oracle, she only really sees events which affect her own life or those she’s close to, but she is always on top of everything and is rarely caught by surprise which makes her a pretty good supervisor. She arranged for my replacement when Borderline first opened this morning for breakfast. Long before Logan ever showed up at my door. She even put me down for sick leave though she clearly knows I’m not sick. I’m glad I didn’t cause her too much trouble. That out of the way, I take a seat at the table where Darrien is already waiting. He’s been shooting me curious glances since he came into my room earlier. 
###Chapter 27
27- Fate and family 
I decide I can’t stand it anymore. 
“Okay, spill. What is it?” I demand. Darrien turns to face me, his expression serious. 
“Miss Gale-” I cut him off. 
“Ryann.” I remind him. He grimaces. 
“Miss Ryann.” I sigh, it’s progress at least. 
“You should not invite men into your room so easily. Particularly other Shifters. I believe it. will upset Alpha Kane. He’s a good man, I don’t like to see him disrespected.” He states. bluntly. I stare at him in shock. I did not see this coming. Does Darrien think Bellamy and I are… I don’t know what exactly, but the way he’s staring is heavy with implications. 
“We were just watching a movie. Besides, that has nothing to do with Bellamy.” I say stiffly. Darrien raises an eyebrow. 
“With all due respect Miss Ryann. His scent is all over you and your room.” he points out. I flush red. I had no idea that Shifter’s sense of smell was powerful enough to identify different scents on people, although realistically I probably should have worked that one out on my own. Does this mean that everyone can tell when I’ve been spending time with Bellamy? Why 
didn’t he say something? The jerk. I feel so awkward, and Darrien definitely thinks Bellamy and I are hooking up. 
“That’s not what it’s like. He’s just been hanging out to keep an eye on me, just like you are 
now.” I argue. 
“Besides, your warning is unnecessary. I don’t generally invite strange men into my room or bed.” I look away, feeling awkward. 
“You invited me to sit on the bed.” He argues. I roll my eyes. 
“It was a completely different scenario.” My message tone goes off and I grab my phone, 
1/5 
27- Fate and family 
eager to seize the distraction. 
Bellamy- I’ve arranged for lunch to be sent to you all at around 12. I didn’t mean to offend. you before. 
I laugh at the message. So Bellamy has reverted back to giving me food as an apology. Well I suppose I overreacted a little too. 
Ryann- Sorry I overreacted a bit. You were just trying to help. 
I send the message, then send another as an afterthought. 
Ryann- Why didn’t you mention that Shifters would be able to tell we’ve spent time together from my scent It’s super awkward. 
Bellamy- I forgot you wouldn’t know and I was in a hurry this morning. That does explain the strange look my sister gave me when I got home though. 
Ryann-…..It’s probably almost as uncomfortable as the look Darrien gave me. 
Bellamy- Oops. 
I drop the phone back to the table. This is going to be hard to explain to Megan. I’m surprised she hasn’t called or texted to ask about it already. Darrien looks curious. 
“Bellamy ordered lunch for us at around 12. I don’t know what though.” Darrien nods. 
“I think Alpha Kane must be very fond of you.” He comments pointedly. Nervously, I ask; 
“What makes you say that?” 
“He treats you special, he’s always in a good mood after he’s around you, he’s overly concerned about your well–being. Not to mention, he’s made sure that everyone at the compound knows that you are free to come and go as you wish. I don’t know any other non- Shifter with that privilege, and he’s only known you for a few days.” he lists off. I had no idea about that last one. Bellamy never mentioned it and I haven’t actually tried to go to the compound on my own. I’m lost in thought and am pulled back to reality when Darrien 
2/5 
continues. 
“He definitely seems attached to you. In fact he treats you like-” He cuts himself off and his eyes go wide. I can see the wheels turning in his head as all the little pieces fall into place. 
“You asked Megan if Shifters can have non–Shifter mates.” he says slowly. I try and laugh it 
off. 
“Weren’t you pretending you don’t listen to our conversations? And yeah, if I’m going to find his mate it helps to have the facts.” I try and explain it away. He shakes his head. 
“I’ve heard Alpha Kane and Megan discuss your abilities. You don’t need any of that information to find his mate.” he states firmly. What? Bellamy said that my powers weren’t going to be made public knowledge. I guess I should have known that Darrien wouldn’t really count. He is pretty much Megan’s shadow after all. I stand up and walk into my kitchen area, trying to put a little space between us. Darrien stands up and follows me. He’s so huge that it makes me feel even more crowded despite the added distance. So much for that plan. 
“I was just curious.” I try again. Darrien shakes his head. 
“You’re his m-” I cut him off. 
“Don’t say it!” I demand in a harsh whisper. Being careful not to raise my voice and wake 
Logan. 
“I’m right though aren’t I? Why haven’t you told him?” Darrien asks. 
“Why haven’t you told Megan how you feel?” I swing it back to him. He jerks back as if I slapped him. 
“How…” he trails off. I give him a weak smile. 
“It’s pretty obvious. At least it is to me.” Darrien returns to his seat. He leans his head in his hands and looks miserable. 
“By the time I realised how I felt, she was already with Tristan. Now she’s engaged and it’s too late.” I wonder if I should tell him about his tie to Megan. I decide that might be a little too. 
3/5 
direct. I try another method. Maybe if I just give him a bit of hope, 
“I wouldn’t give up just yet. Megan… well, Tristan isn’t the one she’s fated to be with. Fate always works things out in the end.” Darrien is suddenly in front of me, he grabs me by the 
shoulders and makes me face him. 
“You’re sure of this?” He looks desperate. I nod. He looks so hopeful. I’m glad I was able to help a little. 
“Is she my fate Ryann?” Darrien’s tone is almost pleading. I can’t bring myself to look him in 
the eyes. 
“Yes.” I finally blurt out, almost against my will. So much for being subtle about it. He went. ahead and just asked me. 
“But you need to keep quiet about it, at least for now. She isn’t ready to hear it. But I promise. to do what I can to help. Bellamy is going to help too.” Darrien seems reluctant. He thinks over my words. 
“Is that why you haven’t told Alpha Kane that you’re his mate? You don’t think he’s ready?” he questions. I shrug and look away. 
Maybe, he doesn’t really know me, even if his instincts are driving him towards me. Not to mention he’s already under a lot of pressure to pick a mate, I don’t want that to influence his decision. Or maybe I’m the one who’s not ready. I’ve only known him a few days.” I mutter, more to myself than to Darrien. 
“You don’t plan to tell him then? I’m sure he would be glad to have you as his mate. Do you have some ion to him?” I shake my head. 
“That’s not it. I will tell him, eventually. But I barely know him. I’m not ready to suddenly be his mate.” I try and explain. Darrien frowns. 
“He would never force you to be anything you aren’t ready for.” he assures me. 
“I’m not ready for him to think of me as his mate. He wouldn’t be able to help that.” 
4/5 
27- Fate and family 
“Ryann, I think you’ll find it won’t take long for him to begin thinking of you that way regardless of if you tell him or not.” I sigh. 
“I know. But I need more time. Fate always sorts itself out in the end, most of the time trying to hurry it along does more harm than good.” A horrifying thought occurs to me. 
“You won’t tell him will you?” I stare up at Darrien. He contemplates it for a moment before shaking his head. 
“It should come from you. Although I can’t say that I’ll lie to him if he asks me outright. He is my Alpha. I don’t believe it is likely that an occasion should arise where he would ask me though.” I close my eyes, relieved. 
“Thank you Darrien. You know, I didn’t think you were this talkative. I’m sort of surprised.” I 
comment. He shrugs. 
“I don’t usually have so much to say.” I nod. 
“Fair enough. Well, at least I was right about one thing. We are definitely going to be good. 
friends.” Darrien smiles at me. 
“Actually, I think we will be family. But yes, we are friends.” 
W84% 
###Chapter 28
28- Babysitting and board games 
A couple hours later, Darrien and I are sitting playing Monopoly at the table when there’s a knock at the door. Darrien answers it and returns with a package of food. I’m grateful for the diversion because he is absolutely dominating the game. He is far more competitive than I would have expected. He drops the package on the bench and I open it up. I find three, tightly sealed containers of what looks like chicken soup as well as some fresh, warm bread. This meal was clearly chosen in consideration of Logan. I shoot Bellamy a quick text. 
Ryann- The food arrived. It was very thoughtful of you. Thank you. 
Bellamy–You’re welcome.  
I transfer the soup into proper bowls and Darrien finds a knife and slices the bread. I place one bowl of soup on a tray and pour another glass of orange juice. Darrien adds a couple slices of bread to the tray. 
“Thanks, you sit and eat. I’ll take this to Logan.” Darrien nods. I carefully carry the tray to my room and place it on the bedside table. I pat Logan gently on the arm. 
“Logan sweetie. It’s time for you to eat something.” He wakes slowly, he’s clearly very groggy. He sits up a bit and I help him adjust the pillows around him to make it more comfortable. 
“How are you feeling?” I ask. 
“Not so good.” he answers miserably. 
“Has Nana called you?” he asks. I shake my head. 
“Not yet, but she’s probably busy. I promise I’ll tell you as soon as I hear from her. Now, I have some food for you. Do you think you can eat a bit?” Logan shrugs. I place the tray on his lap and he is careful not to knock it. 
“Try and eat a bit. Then, you can go back to sleep if you want.” Logan nods. He looks exhausted. I watch him have his first spoonful then I leave him be. When I return to the 
living area, Darrien has set up my own meal at the table. He’s also poured me a drink and set 
1/4 
some bread out for me. 
“Thanks.” I comment as I sit down. He nods. 
“Alpha Kane messaged. He told me to make sure you eat properly.” Aaaaand the formalities are back. He gives me a look that implies there is something highly significant about Bellamy’s actions. I roll my eyes at him. 
“Just eat Darrien. Then you can get back to kicking my butt in Monopoly.” I tell him grumpily. He. flashes me a smile. 
“Gladly.” 
After lunch, as planned, Darrien and I continue our game of Monopoly. Honestly at this point I know I’m doomed, but I can at least make winning as troublesome for him as possible by hanging in and being generally irritating. I am just about to call it quits and let Darrien know that he has officially won the game and the accompanying bragging rights when my phone goes off. It’s from an unknown number. I snatch the phone up quickly. 
“Hello?” I ask. Maggie’s worried voice comes tumbling through the line 
1 
“Ryann! How is he? I’m so sorry. I was out shopping then I thought I’d get lunch and there must have been bad signal because I never got your calls and I forgot to charge my phone last night so it was going flat and then I saw your text but my phone went flat before I could answer so I borrowed a phone to call you from this lovely waiter who has been just so helpful. Thank goodness I had your number memorised! I’m heading straight back now, I should only be another half an hour or so. I’m so sorry!” Her words all come out in one long stream. 
“Maggie, breathe. Logan’s fine. He’s resting in my room now. We watched a movie, had chicken soup for lunch and he has been a perfect angel. It’s no trouble at all.” I choose not to mention that I had to call in sick to work because of this. There’s no need to make her feel worse than she already does. 
“Would you like to talk to him quickly? He’s been waiting for you to call.” I offer. 
“Yes please sweetheart. I’ll have to keep it quick, this young man needs his phone back after all.” I can hear a man in the back ground reassuring her that it’s no trouble and to take her 
2/4 
time. I head into my room. Logan seems drowsy but he’s eaten about half the food I gave him and placed the tray on the bedside table. 
“Logan sweetie, I have your Nana on the phone. She wants to talk to you okay?” I hand him. the phone. His eyes light up as he takes the device and presses it to his car. 
“Nana? Yeah I’m okay. Ryann has been taking good care of me. Her friend too. He’s a Shifter you know, but he 
nly looks scary. No Nana I didn’t ask him to shift, I promised you i wouldn’t. Okay, I’ll tell you about it later. I’ll see you soon Nana. Love you. Bye.” Logan ends the call and hands me back my phone. 
“Nana said she’s hanging up so she can get on the bus quickly and get home.” he informs me. I nod. 
“Of course, I’m sure she won’t be long. Why don’t you lie back down and rest some more okay?” Logan nods and snuggles down into the covers. The poor kid certainly looks crook. Hopefully this is just one of those 24 hour bug things and he’ll be better by morning. I head. back to the living room where Darrien is packing away the Monopoly pieces. 
“Maggie should be here in the next half hour or so. She accidentally let her phone go flat.” I explain. Darrien nods. Actually, while I’m thinking about phones, I should probably get Darrien’s number. I mention it to him and he gestures for me to hand him my phone so he can add his number. Once he finished adding it, I text him a bunch of smiley faces and exclamation marks so he’ll have my number. He tries to keep a straight face as he receives the text but he fails and a smile slips out. Success. When I told Bellamy I was a little concerned about Darrien I meant it. The 
poor guy has probably been a wreck and has had no one to talk to about it. At least now he can talk to me if he wants. It does suck that he figured out everything about Bellamy and I, although for some reason he seems more comfortable around me because of it. I guess it evens the score between us a little. Not to mention he hasn’t tried to call me ‘miss‘ again since our discussion. So, the plan to befriend Darrien apparently only required us both to accidentally reveal our deepest darkest secrets. Who knew? I set about washing the dishes from lunch. My kitchen is tiny and there’s no space to leave mess about. Plus I only have a few bowls, I would rather wash them now than when I’m actually hungry later. Even the smallest task feels like it takes forever when you’re hungry and that task stands between you and eating. I’m just putting away the last dish when there’s a knock at the door. Once again, Darrien answers it. 
###Chapter 29
29- Rewards and rom–coms 
“I am so sorry Ryann, I came as fast as I could an- oh…” she stares up at Darrien. She seems a little intimidated, I’m not sure if it’s because of his size or just his generally severe 
demeanour but she freezes and stops mid sentence. 
“Let her through Darrien, it’s just Maggie.” he steps aside and she tentatively enters. I notice a bit of effort to her breathing and frown. We traded floors so she could avoid coming up these stairs so often, but she seems to be struggling even more than she used to. Or maybe it’s just because she was in a hurry. I hope for the latter. 
“Maggie, this is Darrien. He’s friends with Bellamy, the Shifter guy who scared Paul off. You met him yesterday morning briefly.” I explain. Maggie seems a little suspicious. 
“Right… you seem to be having a lot of Shifters over recently. Not that I have any ions to that of course dear. I am a little curious how you all met, and what this young man is doing here. Forgive me sweetheart but you have never been one to entertain often. I have to wonder if this has something to do with those men that attacked you the other night, the ones the other young man fought off.” She says casually. The blood drains from my face. 
“You saw that? I was hoping you wouldn’t notice, I didn’t want to upset you.” I’m freaking out a little. Maggie might be my friend but if she thinks I’m endangering her precious grandson she will ask me to leave, no doubt about it. Maggie shrugs. 
“Dear, it did take place just outside my window. I’m old, not blind, or deaf.” she reminds me with a kind smile as she waits for me to explain. 
“Uhm… Bellamy, the first Shifter you met before… he is actually the feline Alpha. I don’t really know the details but the men who attacked were after him, they just thought that I would be an easy target to try and get him to cooperate. The men are gone now and everything, but Bellamy thought it would be a good idea to have someone keep an eye on me and this place until he’s sure that no one will try anything like that again.” I decide to omit the fact that the men were Vampires. Maggie didn’t mention it and in the dark, she might not. have noticed. Besides, it’s unlikely that the Vampires were the ones who planned the attack, which I guess explains why I have to have a day guard as well. Maggie looks thoughtful for a moment as she considers what I’ve told her. 
1/4 
“Well, I’m glad you’re okay and that the boy from the other day is taking good care of you. You deserve to be taken care of for once.” Darrien gives me a look that says ‘yes, it is that obvious‘ I sigh and hang my head. Maggie continues, not noticing my reaction. 
“Speaking of taking care of, I should fetch my grandson.” I nod and head into my room to get him. The poor kid is fast asleep. He doesn’t even stir when I call his name. I close the door. 
“He’s fast asleep, I think it might be best not to wake him. He can stay here a bit longer. I don’t mind.” I offer. Maggie nods. 
“If it’s okay with you dear. I’ll take him downstairs once he wakes up. Another thought occurs 
to her. 
“And don’t worry about your sheets sweetie, I’ll sort them out before it gets too late. It’s the least I can do. In fact I think you need some chocolate chip cookies too.” She declares. I grin, I absolutely adore her chocolate chip cookies. Score! She turns to Darrien. 
“And you’ve been here helping all day too haven’t you. What kind of cookies do you like?” she demands. Darrien glances at me helplessly. I shrug. Eventually he responds. 
“I prefer honey biscuits ma’am.” He admits, Maggie looks horrified. 
“Ma’am? You’re making me feel my age. You call me Maggie!” It is hilarious to see the little old lady lecturing the bulky Shifter, I stifle a giggle, trying to be quiet and not wake Logan. 
After peeking in on Logan to make sure that he is indeed okay, Maggie heads back down to her own home to begin making cookies. She makes me promise to call the moment Logan. wakes up. The next hour or so is pretty peaceful. Darrien sneaks into my room and fetches my laptop and we sit and watch a movie. A pretty cliché romantic comed 
When the movie 
finishes, we sit and discuss how unrealistic the romance is. Personally, I think the couple would have been doomed, Darrien is a little more optimistic. 
“She spent the whole movie trying to decide between two guys, if the decision was that difficult then she really can’t like him that much, not to mention he took her back way too easily.” I point out. Darrien shakes his head. 
“But the fact that he took her back despite her flaws is just evidence of how much he loves 
2/4 
het. Plus the fact that she took her time deciding shows that she wasn’t just blown away by some romantic gesture, she thought it through, even compared him against another guy and ultimately found that she loved him. Some people need to mess up in order to understand when they actually do find the right person.” he argues. I frown, I am the one who usually argues that people need to be allowed to screw up a little because fate always balances out in the end. It suddenly hits me how similar the scenario is to Darrien and Megan’s relationship right now. She’s with the wrong guy, but when she eventually does end up with Darrien he would accept her in a second, I should probably just hand this argument over to him. 
“Maybe you’re right.” I concede. I open my mouth to say more when I notice Logan shuffling out of my room. His eyes are sleepy but he does look a little better than he did a few hours. 
ago. 
“Hey sweetie. Your Nana came home but we didn’t want to wake you. I’ll just call her and let her know you’re up. I call Maggie who tells me not to come down, she wants to collect my sheets and such so she can wash them for me anyway, I reluctantly agree. For someone who moved to avoid stairs, she sure climbs up them a lot. Maggie is up a minute later and sets about removing the sheets from my bed. She won’t let Darrien or I help her. She spends the whole time complaining about her daughter. 
“That girl, she gets home from work in an hour or so and I am going to give Carrie a serious. talking to. She should know better than to drop Logan off without checking that anyone is home first. It’s true that he usually comes here after school while he waits for her to get off work but this is completely different. She assumed that I would be home and didn’t even make sure before driving off!” She continues on like this until she has gathered my bedding 
“I’ll bring this back up when it’s all cleaned sweetheart and I’ll fix up your bed for you. I’ll also make sure to bring up your cookies.” She promises. With that she guides Logan out the door and down the stairs. I watch from the doorway until I’m sure she’s made it all the way down. I would feel awful if she tripped down the stairs because she’s carrying my blankets. I head back inside and consider what I should do with the rest of my day now that I no longer have work. My phone goes off to tell me I have a text. I don’t think my phone has ever gotten as much use as it has in the last week. The message is from Bellamy, 
Bellamy- Darrien messaged that the kid is gone. 
Ryann- Yeah, Maggie took him down to her place. 
3/4 
29–Rewards and rom–coms 
Bellamy–Does that mean you’re available to come out for dinner?. 
###Chapter 30
Strings of Fate 
30- Dates and dinner 
I stare at the message for a moment. Before this, all the meals we’ve shared together have been purely because we were already in the same place. Was he going out of his way to specifically invite me for dinner? I remember what Darrien said about Bellamy seeing me as his mate sooner than I expect. Surely he isn’t trying to ask me out. I take too long to reply and Bellamy texts again. 
Bellamy- My sister wants to go out this evening and prefers to take Darrien. Your evening guard won’t be by until around eight. I’ve been stuck working all day and am due for a break for dinner. This kills two birds with one stone. 
Ahh, that explains it. I release a breath that I didn’t realise I was holding. I’m not ready for him to try and ask me out. Another text from Bellamy comes through. 
Bellamy-  Pick you up in an hour 
Ryann- Okay, see you soon. 
I quickly update Darrien on the plan. 
“I’m just going to take a quick shower and get dressed, Logan has been in my room all day so I never got to change out my pyjamas.” Darrien waves a hand in the air. 
“Sure, go get ready for your date.” 
“It is NOT a date.” I meant to be firm but it comes out more as a squeak. Darrien gives me a 
dubious look. 
“You really think the evening guard can’t come until eight? He’s the Alpha, they go when he tells them to go. That was just an excuse so you would agree.” He decides. I roll my eyes. 
“Don’t be ridiculous. It’s not a date!” I storm off into my room and half slam the door behind 
me. I take a quick shower and then move back into my room to decide what to wear. Darrien’s words have me anxious and I find I’m having difficulty choosing. Eventually I settle on a dark. blue, long sleeved skater dress and black leggings with my black ballet flats. I quickly blow 
1/5 
30- Dates and dinner 
dry my hair not wanting to go out anywhere with it all dripping wet. The entire process only takes me about thirty minutes. I open my bedroom door to head out and check on Darrien and am surprised to find Bellamy has already arrived. I sit and re–calculate my time getting ready in my head. I couldn’t possibly have been a whole hour right? 
“I’m a bit carly.” Bellamy answers my silent question. 
“I can see that” I answer. This is not the first time Bellamy has been over to my home, he’s stayed the night for goodness sakes, it is ridiculous for me to be feeling nervous. There’s an awkward silence which surprisingly, Darrien decides to break. 
“Well, I should go pick up Miss Kane.” He moves towards the door. I step forward and grab his arm. He stops and turns to me a curious expression on his face. I grin and give him a quick hug. 
“Thanks for everything today.” I step back. Darrien looks horrified. Like I stole his favourite coffee and tipped it down the drain or something. He glances over at Bellamy who seems to have frozen. His expression is dark. 
“Alpha Kane.” Darrien says respectfully giving a deep nod before hurrying out. I call out as he leaves. 
“I’ll bring your cookies from Maggie by tomorrow when I come to meet Megan, she would be so disappointed if you don’t try them.” He doesn’t answer but I’m fairly sure he heard me. I turn back to face Bellamy who still hasn’t moved. 
“Is something wrong?” I ask, curiously. Bellamy still looks irritated. He doesn’t answer my question. 
“You two seem close all of a sudden.” He comments. I shrug. 
“Sure, I told you I was going to try and make friends with him.” I remind him. Bellamy’s expression doesn’t waver. 
“What did you two do all day?” his tone is suspicious. 
“We braided each other’s hair and talked about boys.” I respond sarcastically. Finally he 
2/5 
D 1424 
30- Dates and dinner 
breaks his severe expression and raises an eyebrow. His lips twitch as he seems to be fighting a smile. 
“Oh really? Any boys in particular?” He is definitely trying not to smile now. I nod my head. 
“Oh yeah, definitely.” I answer him casually. He tilts his head in question, encouraging me to continue. 
“Well, after we played a game of Monopoly and discussed how tragic our love lives are, we watched a rom–com and debated if the relationship portrayed in the film would last. So, if I’m going to be specific, we discussed the boys from the movie.” I tell him all this without thinking. 
“OUR love lives?” he comments. I shake my head in denial. 
“I meant his love life. I got him to admit that he is totally hung up on Megan. I told him not to give up.” I try and distract him from my slip up. 
“I see.” He responds. I move quickly, not giving him a chance to continue the conversation. I grab my bag and phone from where they’re sitting on the bench. 
“We should go.” Bellamy smiles at me and offers me his arm. 
“Just a sec, I need to lock the door first.” I lock it behind us then accept his arm as we head down to where his car is waiting. He opens the door, I hop in and he heads to the drivers seat. In the car, I quickly send a text to Maggie letting her know that I’m going out to dinner and will be back in a couple hours. She responds immediately that she will use her master key to let herself in to make my bed if I’m not home.. 
The restaurant that Bellamy takes me to is called The Golden Cauldron. It’s a Magic’s restaurant which means no non–magic beings are allowed. I’ve never been here before, even though I’m a Magic. I’ve never seen the point in paying for a fancy dinner and night out when I’m by myself anyways. I may as well just be comfy at home and order take–out. We head inside and my first thought is that I’m glad I wore a dress. The place is every bit as fancy as Borderline, but less modern. It’s stunning, but I sort of wish it was a little less so because it makes this all feel very date–like. Not that I really have much experience in the area. I feel rather panicky and it must show because Bellamy keeps glancing sideways at me, his 
3/5 
30- Dates and dinner 
expression concerned. I work to keep my expression more neutral. Inside, we are greeted by a hostess who smiles at us brightly showing all her teeth. Or to be more accurate, smiles at Bellamy. She glances at me but seems to dismiss me as unimportant as she flicks her short, blonde hair back behind her ears. 
“Alpha Kane, it’s nice to see you again. Will it be just the two of you tonight or are you expecting others to join you?” she asks. As she does so, she rolls up the sleeves of her white blouse to reveal her marks. No doubt by design. The mark looks quite similar to Bellamy’s but is orange in colour instead of black. I guess she’s a feline Shifter then. No wonder she’s being so reverent towards Bellamy. He nods. 
“It’s just the two of us.” he responds. The woman’s friendly smile wavers for a second and her eyes narrow, but she manages to hold it together. 
“Pardon me Miss?” she turns her bright smile to me, although it definitely seems forced. I’m 
surprised that she’s acknowledging that I exist actually. 
“Miss Gale.” Bellamy provides. The hostess nods. 
“Miss Gale, I don’t mean to be intrusive, but I will require evidence that you are a Magic. You might not know, but non–magics aren’t permitted here.” Her expression is smug. Clearly, she doesn’t realise that I am actually a Magic. She’s hoping to ruin our dinner I suppose. 
“Miss 
Gale is with me, I will vouch for her.” Bellamy half growls at the girl. She cowers back slightly but manages to hold her own, just. 
“I’m sorry Alpha Kane, I mean no disrespect. I just-” I cut her off. 
###Chapter 31
31- Dinner and dominance 
“It’s not a problem.” I say. I place a hand over Bellamy’s arm to reassure him that I can take care of this. She clearly meant no disrespect… to him. The hostesses eyes zero in on where I’m touching him. Releasing his arm, I push up the sleeve of my dress. It’s difficult since it’s fitted, but the fabric is stretchy so I manage to get it rolled up all the way so that my mark is visible. 
“Is this enough evidence for you?” I ask her, keeping my tone pleasant. While I would usually keep my eyes down, this time I am sure to make proper eye contact with her so that she can feel the full force of my unnatural eyes. I can see her discomfort as her eyes flit to the floor. I can feel the second she gives in. Her expression remains polite, but where she stood up straight before, she keeps her head bowed slightly. She also refuses to make eye contact again. as she mutters something about the evidence being sufficient and shows us to a table. She then leaves us to consider the menu and promises that a server will be with us shortly. I start reading over the menu but I can’t focus because Bellamy is looking at me. 
“Why are you staring?” I demand. Bellamy jumps slightly as if he had been deep in thought. 
“I’m not, of at least I didn’t realise that I was staring. I was just thinking. That woman, the hostess. She’s considered a rather dominant Shifter. Her older brother is one of the Betas.” I 
don’t really understand what he’s trying to tell me. Is he upset that I wasn’t nicer to her? Or maybe he’s interested in her. I don’t give voice to either of these thoughts. I just shrug my shoulders casually. 
“So?” I ask. Bellamy smiles at me, so he’s not upset I guess. 
“So you had her submit to you in a matter of seconds. It suggests that you are quite dominant yourself. At least as much as her, probably more considering your friendship with my sister and the way you talk back to me all the time.” he explains. I frown, I’ve never considered myself a dominant person. Most of the time I’m quite shy, I keep my eyes to the ground and 
avoid conflict. Bellamy notices my expression. 
“You disagree? I don’t see how you can. You took her down with just a few seconds of eye 
contact.” he points out. I shake m 
head. 
“That was out of character for me. Usually I avoid eye contact with everyone. My eyes are 
1/4 
weird and make people uncomfortable,” 
“Have you ever thought that maybe that it’s just that the eye contact shows your dominance. and that makes people uncomfortable? They don’t know how to react so they avold you. Bellamy seems enthusiastic, like he’s had an epiphany and now needs me to catch up and reach the same conclusion. 
“What makes you sa-” I stop as a server approaches us. I didn’t really read the menu properly. so I just pick the first thing that looks good. Some pasta ravioli dish. Bellamy chooses a steak. I wait for the server to walk away before continuing. 
“What makes you say that people avoid my eyes because I’m dominant?” I question. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I like your eyes. I’ve never wanted to avoid them. Neither has my sister or Darrien for that matter. It would suggest that those who are your equal in dominance have no problem with your eyes.” He sounds proud of himself for his reasoning. I remain unconvinced. 
“I’m not even a Shifter.” I remind him. 
“That doesn’t matter. Everyone is more or less dominant in some way. Witches have covens and a hierarchy of elders, Oracles are ranked by their age, even Humans tend to divide themselves by the amount of power and authority they possess. All species do, it’s just more obvious with Shifters. We know what it means so we behave accordingly.” 
“If what you’re saying was actually true, it would mean that until I met you and Megan, I have literally never met anyone else who is more dominant than me. That seems a bit far fetched.” I point out. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“Not really, you forget that I am an Alpha. There aren’t many people who are my equal in dominance. If you are nearly as dominant as me, then it’s entirely possible that you’ve never run into anyone as dominant as yourself before. Or if you did they might not have noticed your eyes or just chose not to say anything.” he argues. I shake my head. 
“This entire argument is pointless, because people don’t just avoid my eyes, I avoid theirs first. That’s hardly the actions of someone dominant. I’m not powerful.” Bellamy shrugs at me again. It’s beginning to get really annoying. 
2/4 
“It would be if the dominant person is trying to blend in with people who are more submissive. I’m not sure why you would think you aren’t powerful, you’re one of the most powerful people I have ever met. You see fates, definite paths that people will take. Even Oracles only see potential futures. It’s a good thing you are such a kind person because in the wrong hands your powers could be used to do an awful lot of damage. Not abusing power is not the same as having no power. We can test this later. Shaun is assigned to be your night. guard this evening. When I take you home, I’ll ask him to see if he can hold your stare.” he suggests. I frown. 
“What would that prove?” 
“It’s basically a contest. First one to drop their gaze is the more submissive one. That’s not to say the more dominant one couldn’t look away first, but it would be basically just them agreeing to give in. Like I do with Megan sometimes. She stares me down but we both know that when it comes down to it, I’m more dominant. Although just barely. It doesn’t work if you are significantly more dominant though, the other person submits before you have a chance to.” he considers a moment. 
“If Darrien is to be her mate, he must be more dominant than I realised, he should be her equal after all.” He adds as an afterthought. 
“Tristan is quite dominant too. I’m not sure if he is as dominant as Megs though. I doubt she’s ever tested him.” I’m relieved that the conversation seems to have moved away from discussing my supposed dominance. If I had known it would cause so much drama, I would 
have never taken care of the hostess, I would have just left it to Bellamy. I didn’t know enough about this dominance stuff. Megan mentioned it briefly, but mostly just to explain that mates have equal dominance. When she showed me around the compound, I avoided. everyone’s eyes as usual so I didn’t notice if anyone reacted unusually. Megan occasionally commented if a particular Shifter was especially dominant or submissive but I didn’t really pay a lot of attention to the information since I didn’t really know why it was relevant. Since I’m fated to be with Bellamy, I must be as dominant as him. It’s that knowledge which is making it rather difficult to disagree with him. I had sort of assumed that maybe the whole dominance thing didn’t really apply to me as much since I’m not a Shifter. I could have been wrong I suppose. The server finally arrives with our food and wow does it smell good. We are both distracted from conversation for a few minutes as we dig in. Apparently awkward discussions with future soul mates and fights with bitchy hostesses really amp up my appetite. Who knew! 
3/4 
31- Dinner and dominance 
I’m about halfway through my meal (which FYI is amazing) and no longer feel like I’m going to starve to death, so I begin searching for a new topic of conversation while Bellamy is still eating. If I can think of something appropriately interesting then hopefully he won’t bring the discussion back to me. I really don’t want to ask about his hobbies or anything too personal, it will make this feel too date–like. I initially planned to discourage all date–type behaviours, but the catty hostess (literally… get it? Catty? Hahahaha…. okay moving on) ruined that plan. Suddenly my desire to stick it to her was more important than my desire to keep Bellamy arms length. Well, there’s only one 
topic that I can think of that is anything close to work–related. 
“So, about Tristan. Assuming that is isn’t actually in love with Megan and is trying to take advantage of her in some way, what is he actually trying to achieve?” I ask. Bellamy shrugs. 
“It’s hard to be sure exactly but the usual motives I guess. Money, sex and power are usually what people plot for. Money is always a possibility. I’m sure you’ve noticed that my family isn’t hurting for cash. But there are easier ways than marrying my sister. Sex…” Bellamy shudders. 
“I don’t want to think about that, but Tristan has a soul mate so I seriously doubt that’s his goal.” 
“Which just leaves power.” I conclude. 
###Chapter 32
32- Fighting and flirting 
Bellamy nods. 
“Yep, the Alpha position is not technically handed through family ties, but it is quite common as dominance runs in families, although there is a big nature versus nurture debate about it all. Megan is much higher in the pack hierarchy than Tristan is. Marrying her would definitely raise his status, and should something happen to me, he would be a serious candidate for the new Alpha.” 1 frown. 
“What about Megan? Couldn’t she be the Alpha. Or is there some annoying, guys only type rule happening here?” Bellamy laughs. 
“Don’t worry, we aren’t being all sexist about this. Women can be Alpha. Technically whoever I end up with would be considered the Alpha female. There’s a reason I’m expected to hurry up and find a mate. Usually the job of Alpha is considered a job for a pair. That’s why if something were to happen to me and Megan took over, marrying her would make Tristan the Alpha. Really 
two should be phrased as ‘one of the Alphas‘ as in plural since there are basically 
two of them. A Shifter has the same authority that their mate has and they are allowed to speak on behalf of their mate.” How did we get back to discussing Bellamy’s relationship issues? I was trying to avoid this kind of discussion. I sigh internally. All I’m getting from this is that if I tell Bellamy about our red thread, I’ll get power and a whole bunch of responsibilities that I really don’t actually want. Yippee. 
“So basically if Tristan marries Megan, you should probably watch your meals and avoid. wandering alone in dark creepy alleys because he’ll be after your ass.” I sum up. Bellamy 
shrugs. 
“That’s about it.” He agrees. 
“Wow, sucks to be you right now.” I sit back in my chair, comfy now that I’ve finished eating. 
“I disagree, right now I’m having a nice dinner with a beautiful girl. I’d say this is actually at pretty good day.” The smile he is giving me is all charm, his golden eyes are focused on me and he looks as handsome as I’ve ever seen him. I really wish he would stop. I kind of awkwardly laugh and avoid his gaze. I let my long hair fall into my face slightly to hide. Sensing my awkwardness, Bellamy changes the topic.. 
1/5 
“Would you like something for dessert?” I shake my head. 
“Nah, I’ve been promised cookies in exchange for playing babysitter and nurse today. I’ve gotta leave space for those. If you’re nice I’ll even let you try a few. Maggie makes the best. cookies.” I smile at him, pushing my hair from my face a little. I feel much more confident with this kind of conversation. I’m surprised to find Bellamy is frowning, his eyes are narrowed at me. 
“You were very cosy with Darrien today.” I roll my eyes. 
“Didn’t we already have this discussion?” I remind him. He shakes his head. 
“That’s not what I meant to say. I understand that Darrien is your friend and that you trust. him because of what he will be to my sister one day. But you really shouldn’t let men you barely know into your home.” I glare at Bellamy. 
“Like you can talk. You’ve stayed the night twice now.” I’m working hard not to raise my voice in the restaurant. Bellamy looks mad. 
“That’s… well it’s different. Just, promise me you won’t invite anyone else into your home like that. Not even the guards I assign you. It’s… inappropriate.” I cross my arms and angle myself away from Bellamy. 
“I will invite whoever I want into my home. I get to decide who I am going to trust. It’s my decision, not yours.” I say stubbornly. Okay, so I have no intention of inviting anyone weird into my home or anything like that, but still, I don’t appreciate Bellamy trying to boss me around. He glares at me and opens his mouth to respond. He never gets the chance as the oblivious server takes this moment to bring us our bill. I reach for it. It is definitely my turn. to pay for a meal. It’s gone in a flash, Bellamy using his superior Shifter speed and reflexes to take the bill before I get the chance. He slips some cash inside and hands it back to the server and tells her to keep the change. Throughout the entire interaction he never takes his eyes. off me. Irritated, I stand up to leave. I wonder if I could just call a taxi, it would be more comfortable than a car ride with Bellamy right now. As Bellamy stands, the annoying hostess from earlier approaches us. She looks nervous and has a scrap of paper in her hand. When she speaks, she stares at the floor. 
“Alpha Kane, I was hoping you would accept this.” She holds out the paper. I can see a phone. 
2/5 
number. Is she seriously trying to give him her number right now? This isn’t a date, but she doesn’t know that. It’s like she has no dignity at all. So much for sisterhood, it’s clearly every girl for herself in this world. I glance over at Bellamy he looks pissed off, but then again he was already angry at me so it’s hard to say if this is actually a change or not. I step forward since I’m the one being insulted here. I hold out a hand for the paper. She looks horrified, but when Bellamy gives her a small nod, she relents and reluctantly hands me the paper. I paste on a smile. 
“It’s so sweet of you to give Bellamy your number. I’m sure it will be useful if for some reason he has trouble contacting your older brother or something.” Okay, so that was a little petty I know. But she’s being super rude to me. I basically just pointed out that she is a stranger to Bellamy and clarified that he and I are on a first name basis. I glance back at Bellamy and see a small smirk sneaking through his angry expression. He decides to make the point a little clearer. He leans–in closer to me and lowers his voice, it looks like his words are only for my ears, but the woman has Shifter hearing just like Bellamy and he knows it. 
“Let’s go back to your place. You promised me dessert.” he asks. I have to fight not to blush. I know he’s just talking about cookies, but the way he said it, it’s hard not to think that he’s implying something else. Is this what he sounds like when he’s flirting? Maybe I don’t need to worry he’s overly interested in me because I’ve never heard him speak in that kind of tone before. Obviously he is doing so for the benefit of the hostess. I try not to be too awkward and ruin the point he is trying to make. I find I’m struggling to find words so I just nod. The hostess gapes as Bellamy steps close to me and places a hand on my lower back to guide me towards the exit. Knowing that the hostess is still staring, I not–so–subtly drop the piece of paper with her number on it onto the floor by the doorway. 
As soon as we’re out of sight, I yank myself away from where Bellamy’s warm hand rests on my back. 
“I haven’t forgotten that I’m annoyed at you. I just didn’t like her attitude.” I inform him. I ignore the arm that Bellamy offers me and storm over to where the car is parked. He hits the beeper and I open the door and climb into my seat before he gets a chance to try and open the door for me. Bellamy climbs into the driver’s seat but doesn’t start the car. 
“Why are you so angry? I’m the one who just had my protection thrown back in my face.” I practically growls. Oh right, I ignored his arm again. Well, he kind of deserved it. I roll my eyes at him and angle myself away from him to look out the window. 
3/5 
“Because you’re being a controlling jerk again.” I try and keep my voice calm. I don’t really succeed. 
“I’m trying to keep you safe.” I can’t see his face but Bellamy sounds super mad. 
“No, assigning me guards is keeping me safe. Telling me not to invite them into my home is controlling. They’re guards that you chose. Clearly they aren’t a danger to me so your only concern is what is and is not appropriate. Well, it doesn’t matter because what I do is up to me and it is for me to decide if I think it is acceptable to invite someone into my home.” The more I talk the louder my voice gets. 
“I just-” Bellamy starts but I cut him off. 
“Tell me one reason why I shouldn’t invite them in that is relevant to my safety.” I demand. Bellamy hesitates. 
“I suppose I am just a little concerned that the men might expect more than you intend.” his words are quick, like he knows I’m not going to like them but he’s decided to get them out anyway. 
“I am not a child Bellamy. I am capable of dealing with men without a babysitter. I’ve been. doing it all my life, I don’t need you to manage my relationships. Now take me home.” Bellamy starts the car but we don’t move. 
“Ryann I-” I shake my head. 
“I’m done talking right now Bellamy. So just drop it.” Finally he gives in and drives me home. 
4/5 
###Chapter 33
33- Sharing and staring 
The car has barely stopped moving when I climb out. Bellamy follows me but once agam I refuse to take his arm. I make my way up the stairs on my own although Bellamy still follows* close behind me. I ignore him. Waiting by my door is Shaun. My new guard for the evening. I greet him and unlock my door. I step inside then turn and stop, standing in the doorway so Bellamy can’t follow 
“I’d invite you in but I am apparently not intelligent enough to make decisions about these things. My tone is falsely polite but I’m sure Shaum can tell that. Oh well, I fumble with purse and pull out thirty dollars. I thrust the cash into Bellamy’s chest. He catches some of it but a couple notes fall to the ground. 
“For my share of dinner.” I then step back and slam the door shut in his face, locking it behind me. I pause to take a few deep breaths. I can hear Bellamy talking through the door, but not to m 
“Unless it is for the sake of her safety, you are not to enter her home, even if she invites you.” He orders. 
“As you say Alpha Kane.” Shaun replies formally. I want to scream. How dare he? I throw my stuff onto the table and head into the kitchen area where two plates of cookies await me as well as a note. 
Thankyou so much for helping with Logan today, I definitely owe you one. Please pass my thanks on to your Shifter friend along with his share of the cookies. 
Thankyou again, 
Maggie. 
Feeling irritated, I grab the plate of chocolate chip cookies and take it to my room. My bed is freshly made and waiting for me. I quickly change into my unicorn pyjamas and climb in under the blankets. I settle in to watch Netflix for a bit while I eat my cookies and try and forget the general stupidity of men. Or at least of one man in particular. My relaxation doesn’t last long because I get a text. It’s from Megan. 
1/5 
Megan- Did you and Bels fight? He’s been in a rotten mood since he got home. I know he sIM you, I can smell it. 
Ryann- In the nicest way possible I have to tell you that is kinda creepy. But ves we did fight I thought you said that letting him protect me would make him LESS bossy 
overbearing — 
Megan–Usually it would. There must be something else bothering 
Ryann- I guess so. 
Ryann- What time do you want me to come tomorrow? 
Megan- Come in the morning whenever you’re ready. I’m thinking we should have a girls only spa day. We can treat ourselves before we get all doiled up for my party. 
Ryann- Okay, I’ll see you in the morning. 
I chuck the phone to the end of my bed. I glance at the plane off cookies beside me and grimace. I’ve eaten way too many. That sort off explains why my stomach feels off and why I’m having trouble relaxing. Too much sugar probably.. I dug myself out from under my blankets and grab the remaining cookies. I take them to the kitchen and put them in a plastic container. I’m about to cover it up when I remember that Shram is still standing outside. I transfer a couple onto a plate before covering the rest. I then head to the front door. Whem I open it. Shaun immediately turns to face me. 
“I was going to ask if you were planning on going somewhere but based on your outfit I’m thinking no.” He smiles at me and I laug 
“Are you dissing my unicorns.” I demand. The simater his head with a serious expression. 
“Of course not Miss Gale. Just motting your lack off shoes. Obviously.” I all my eyes at him. 
“Oh of course.” I respond sarcastically. 
“Well, I actually came to bring you a smack.” I hold up the plate of cookies. His expression 
lights up. 
“Thanks.” He barely manages to get the word out before shoving the first cookie in his mouth. I have to try not to giggle. 
“You should just come ins-” Shaun cuts me off. 
“I can’t come in, Alpha Kane would kill me.” He gives me an apologetic smile. I cross my arms. across my chest, annoyed and glare at him. 
“But he’s being ridiculous. It’s my home. I should be able to invite people in if I want to.” I complain. He hold his hands up in the universal gesture for ‘hey, chill out,” 
“Look, I can’t say I understand his reasoning, but he’s my Alpha and my boss. I can’t afford to get myself in trouble. We can’t all get away with slamming the door in his face.” I pout, annoyed. A breeze blows past and I shiver slightly. It’s not exactly cold, but my pyjamas aren’t really designed to be worn outside either. Shaun notices my discomfort. 
“You should head back inside.” he suggests. I kinda wanted to take the chance to test my dominance or whatever like Bellamy mentioned earlier, I didn’t exactly give him a chance to bring it up again. I think it would be less awkward without him hovering anyway. I leave the door open as I head back in. 
“Just a sec, I’ll be right back.” I call out as I head to my room. I chuck on my slippers and find my fluffy dressing gown and slip it on, tying it loosely around my waist. Now I should be warm enough. Shaun is standing in the doorway peering inside curiously. It doesn’t escape me how careful he is not to pass the threshold though. Bellamy is so annoying. I step outside. with Shaun. 
“You really don’t need to hang around out here Miss Gale, I’m really fine out here by myself.” I shrug. 
“I’m bored. Besides, I was hoping you could help me test something.” Shaun raises an 
eyebrow. 
“Now I’m curious. As long as it doesn’t interfere with my guard duties I’ll be happy to help.” He responds cheerfully. I decide to just go for it. 
“During dinner, Bellamy and I ran into another Shifter. The woman was rude and annoyed met 
3/5 
33 Sharing and staring 
and so I basically made her back off. Bellamy suspects that because of it I may actually bet quite dominant which would explain a bunch of other problems I’ve had throughout my life with people struggling to meet my eyes. I wanted to test that theory. He said he doesn’t have an issue with my eyes and Megan doesn’t either. But pretty much everyone else I meet seems to.” I explain. 
“So you want to see if I can hold eye contact with you?” he predicts my request. I nod. He shrugs. 
“Sure, why not. I’m not very dominant when compared to Alpha Kane, but I’m no pushover. Let’s give it a go.” He smiles at me. I’m kinda nervous. I hate making eye contact most of the time. I tend to only do it when I’m really comfortable or really annoyed. 
“So what am I meant to do exactly?” Shaun laughs. 
“Just pretend it’s a staring contest, although you are allowed to blink I suppose. The first person to look away loses.” He explains. 
“Then why look away?” I question. 
“It’s instinctive for Shifters to submit to those who are more dominant. If you are more dominant I’ll look away naturally. I’m not sure if it works the same for you but there’s no harm in testing.” I take a deep breath. 
“Okay.” I look up at him so I can properly meet his eyes. It feels a little ridiculous, he is much. taller than me so I have to adjust my position to be more comfortable. The moment our eyes. meet, Shaun’s go wide. I try not to look away as I usually do. I know I’m making him. uncomfortable, great. I only just have time to note that Shaun has green eyes with yellow. flecks when he flinches slightly and drops his gaze to the floor. 
4/5 
###Chapter 34
Strings of Fate 
34- Crumbs and compromise 
I immediately feel guilty. 
“Sorry, I know my eyes make people feel awkward, I shouldn’t have asked I-” he stops me. 
“Miss Gale, I submitted. I wasn’t uncomfortable. You’re just more dominant than I am. Alpha Kane must be correct about you. At the very least you’re more dominant than I am.” he explains. I frown. 
“I don’t know, I’m not even a Shifter. This doesn’t make any sense to me.” Shaun shrugs. 
“It makes sense to me. It explains how you talk back to the Alpha the way you do. I could never manage it. Not unless he allowed me to.” 
“Which really ruins the whole point of talking back.” I comment. Shaun shrugs. I feel awkward again, I don’t want to participate in another conversation about my interactions with Bellamy. I decide to avoid further conversation by heading back inside. I grab the empty 
plate from the windowsill where Shaun placed it. 
“Well, thanks for your help. I should put this inside and attempt to get some sleep…” I trail off when I realise that Shaun isn’t actually listening. He’s tense and seems to be looking for 
something in the street. 
“Shaun?” I question. I place a hand on his arm to get his attention. 
“Go back inside. I think someone might be out here. They left when they saw me but I think. it might have been Shifters, not feline though. Go in and lock the door until we know it’s safe.” He gently, but firmly pushes me inside and closes the door. I lock it and then stand there in shock. Still holding the crumb covered plate. I quickly put it in the kitchen before heading back to my room. I curl up under my blankets where I feel safe. About five minutes later, although it feels like an hour, my phone rings. Caller ID says it’s Bellamy. In my sort of out–of–it state, all I can think is that I need to take a photo of him for the caller I.D. I already set the one of Megan in her new dress as her photo. Oh shoot, the phone is still ringing. I should probably answer. I answer the call. 
1/5 
“Ryann! Are you okay? Why did you take so long to answer?” Bellamy sounds like he is freaking out a little. 
“I’m fine. I was just distracted is all. I’ve literally just been sitting here.” When Bellamy responds his voice is much calmer. 
“Shaun called and said he thinks there were other Shifters around. They’re definitely gone now and he will keep an eye out in case they come back so everything should be okay.” He pauses for a moment then groans. 
“I wish I could come and check everything out for myself but there’s no time, I’ll have to just trust Shaun. He doesn’t recognise the Shifter’s scents, but he knows they aren’t feline. I’ll have to look into it immediately.” 
“Okay.” I respond shortly. I’m still annoyed with Bellamy. I answered his call because it would be kind of cruel to leave him hanging, but I still don’t really feel like chatting. I glance at the time, it’s already past ten at night. Bellamy is quiet on the other end. After a few moments waiting I break the silence. 
“Well… if that’s the only reason you called… it’s kinda late…” 
“No, wait. Uh… I want to talk about what happened earlier.” I have to fight not to groan. Bellamy must be the only guy on the planet that actually WANTS to talk after an argument. I think I liked it better when he just gave me food and ignored me. Okay, maybe not since that 
was part of the issue to start with. 
“I don’t know what you want me to say Bellamy.” I try and keep my voice calm. No need to act like a cranky toddler who missed an afternoon nap. Although I kind of feel like one right 
now. 
“I don’t know what to say either. I just… I don’t want to go to sleep tonight knowing that you’re mad at me. I want to fix it but the more I think about it the less sure I am of why you’re mad and the more confused I get.” I sigh. 
“Bellamy, you won’t let me invite people into my own home.” I say, like it’s obvious. 
“I didn’t say people, I said men.” His response sounds like he is sulking. 
2/5 
“It doesn’t matter, the point is that you can’t just tell me what to do and expect me to obey you. Why shouldn’t I invite a man over? What do you know about my intentions?” Bellamy is quiet for a moment. I would think he hung up but I can still hear him breathing on the other end and… growling? Did I go too far? No he needs to understand this. I’m not some toy he can play with and put away when he doesn’t need me. I’m a person with my own opinions 
and will. 
“Nothing.” He finally grunts. 
“Sorry?” I ask a little confused. 
“I said nothing okay! I know nothing about your intentions or what want from people, I know nothing about anyone’s intentions! That’s what makes this so frustrating!” We both fall silent. I’m not sure what I’m supposed to say in response to his outburst. He seems uncomfortable with the quiet. 
“What about dinner?” he suddenly blurts out. I’m confused. 
“What?” 
“Dinner. You threw money at me for dinner. Why? Why is it such a big deal if I pay for the food?” he sounds genuinely confused. 
“Because I can take care of myself!” I insist. 
“I never said you couldn’t” 
“It’s implied.” 
– 
But I don’t mean for it to be. I just wanted to pay and I can afford it so why shouldn’t I, particularly if I’m the one inviting you for dinner.” He caus it like it’s a logical conclusion. I groan out loud this time. 
“But that’s not how it works! It’s… unbalanced if you pay all the time. I’ll owe you. I won’t be able to pay you back.” 
“But I’m not asking you to pay me back. It’s a gift. You don’t owe me when I feed you.” He 
3/5 
now sounds beyond confused. How is he not getting this? 
“Bellamy, we’re friends right?” I state bluntly. He pauses slightly before responding. 
“Uh… yes?” 
“So, if you pay for everything, and go out of your way to take care of me, and do me favours all the time, the entire friendship will be unbalanced. Because what am I bringing to the table? If I don’t contribute then I’m not a friend so much as a responsibility.” I try and explain. Bellamy protests. 
“But that’s not how it works! You contribute other things. You make me laugh, you try and understand and put up with my different culture I don’t think you realise how valuable that is. You treat me like a friend rather than just an Alpha. People spend all day following my orders and doing things for me. Can’t you let me have this one bit of chivalry?” I suddenly really wish I could see his face. It’s hard to judge over the phone, but I actually think he 
means it. 
“Look, Bellamy. I’m still not really sure about your logic here. But I’ll drop the dinner thing for now. It annoyed me, but I’m probably being a little dramatic about it too. I’m not used to 
people trying to take care of me. Other than Maggie, and even that bothers me a bit. Not to mention I’m a bit sensitive about money.” 
“What about the other thing?” he questions. 
“Look, I won’t just do as I’m told. It’s not your choice who I invite into my home. You have no 
say over it, even if you are trying to protect me. You need to trust my judgement.” Bellamy 
sighs. 
“I do trust your judgement, when you know what you’re judging. But you don’t know much 
about Shifters.” he reminds me. 
“So explain.” 
“I… I’m not sure how, and if I do explain I’m sure to miss things that I just take for granted.” 
“So you won’t even try?” My tone is annoyed again now. 
4/5 
“How about a compromise?” Bellamy offers. 
“I’ll explain as best I can when we have a chance to talk properly. In the meantime, text me if you’re inviting people into your home and promise me you won’t invite any other men into your room?” 1 frown to myself at the phrase, other men. It’s like it still hasn’t even occurred to him that I might want to invite a guy into my room, even after all his growling earlier. I mean, I don’t. But still. I also don’t miss that he has excluded himself from the blanket ban 
on guys. I decide that I can agree to his requests, but since he and I are not together, then he should be banned as much as any other guy. 
“Fine, it’s not like your minions wouldn’t tell you if I were to invite people over anyway, and from now on, no men are allowed into my room.” 
“Thank you.” He sounds pleased. I’m fairly sure it hasn’t occurred to him that the ‘no men‘ rule extends to him as well. I wonder if it will annoy him. Probably not, I doubt he will actually notice. The last two nights where he stayed over were a complete fluke. I was scared at first and then I got carried away. There’s no reason why he should be staying the night again. Except for our red thread I remind myself. No, that means that we WILL be together, not that already. Our argument tonight just proves that we aren’t ready for any kind of 
we are 
relationship like that. 
###Chapter 35
35- Tossing and turning 
I suddenly realise that Bellamy is still talking. 
“So we’re okay then?” he questions. 
“Yeah Bellamy, we’re okay.” Now that we’ve made up, I’m sort of reluctant to hang up the phone. I’m still not ready to sleep yet. 
“Shaun mentioned you tested your dominance. I meant to help you with it earlier but we 
really had the chance.” His tone is apologetic, but, as usual, he doesn’t actually apologise. 
never 
“Don’t worry about it. It’s not a big deal.” 
“But I was right, you are more dominant. We’ll have to test you against Megan sometime, and me.” He comments. Okay, not good. I don’t want to give him too much evidence about our fates just yet. 
“Um, yeah, maybe.” I say casually. A beeping sound comes from the phone. 
“I have another call coming through. I’ve been waiting for this call so I really need to get it…” Bellamy trails off. He doesn’t sound like he really wants to hang up. 
“It’s fine. I’ll see you tomorrow. Goodnight Bellamy.” 
“Goodnight Ryann.” The phone clicks as he hangs up. After talking to Bellamy and hashing everything out I have to admit that I feel much more relaxed. Resolving our argument did more for my mood than all the Netflix and cookies I can manage. I guess the first option is actually useful where the last two just leave me feeling a little guilty. I suppose I’ll have to give points to Bellamy for this one. Chalk one up to actually talking things out. Sigh. Now that there is apparently no immediate danger of being attacked in my 
deep and my irritation has been pretty much melted away, I should probably try and get some sleep. Tomorrow is Megan’s engagement party and I don’t want to oversleep and miss whatever she has planned for us during the day. It’s hard to believe I’ve only known her for about a week, not counting the first time I saw her as an actual meeting that is. I already feel like I’ve known her for ages, 
1/4 
35- Tossing and turning 
Bellamy too. I honestly can’t imagine going back to life without either of them. I plug my phone in to charge and set an 8:30am alarm. I snuggle down into my blankets and reach to turn off my light. Lying in the dark, feeling relaxed, I expected to fall asleep quickly, but I just can’t seem to get my mind to shut off. I roll around in my bed. Kicking the blankets off, pulling them back over me, rearranging the pillows like fifty times. After a while I cave and check the time on my phone. It’s just after two in the morning. This knowledge just agitates. me more, now I’m going to be tired tomorrow. I try lying different ways in bed, I even try swapping so my head is at the opposite end of the bed. I get up and make myself a hot chocolate which I only drink half of before tipping it down the sink, irritated. Eventually I go lie back down and after another hour of staring at the ceiling, attempting to count sheep or whatever it is that people do, I give up. I pull out my laptop, open Netflix and hit play on a 
random rom–com. 
I jolt awake at my alarm clock, exhausted, disoriented and grumpy. My laptop is still on my lap and open, although the screen is blanked out. I don’t remember what happened in the 
movie I was watching or even if I finished it. My neck and shoulders are aching from the 
awkward way I was sitting to see the screen when I fell asleep and I have a killer headache. I drag myself out of bed and into my bathroom. I groan as I look in the mirror. My eyes are puffy and the bags under my eyes are big enough to pack for a two week vacation. The shadows under my eyes only emphasise their weird, pale colour. Hopefully this won’t ruin Megan’s plans for whatever makeover she intends to give me. I hop into the shower and try not to fall asleep under the warm, soothing water. I hop out and throw on a pair of leggings and a tank top. Presentable enough to go wherever Megan plans to drag me but not dressy 
since she said we were having a relaxing day. I don’t bother with makeup or blow drying my hair or anything. No point 
if I’m going to get all dolled up later. I do run a brush through my hair, but it’s pretty easy to manage since my hair is so straight. I slip on a pair of flip flops and leave my room. I head straight to the front door. Shaun is still standing there, in fact he looks rather bored, although not all that tired. I suspect he got to sleep during the day before coming to keep an eye on me all night. 
“Hey, breakfast time. Come on in.” I don’t wait for him to respond as I turn to the kitchen. Shaun is standing in the doorway, looking unsure. 
“Oh chill out, it is too early for this drama. I cleared things up with Bellamy last night. You can come inside, you won’t get in trouble or anything. Promise.” I tell him, trying not to roll my eyes. I can see doubt in his expression. 
“You think I would lie to you?“I challenge, placing my hands on my hips and staring him 
2/4 
35- Tossing and turning 
down. He caves immediately, concern on his face. 
“No of course not Miss Gale!” he insists as he pointedly steps inside, awkwardly staring at the 
floor as if he isn’t sure where to look. I smile. 
“Much better. Take a seat. I’m thinking eggs this morning, and orange juice. Always orange juice. Ooh and cookies after.” I set about starting breakfast. Shaun insists on helping and in the end I leave him to manage the eggs while I fetch glasses, plates and cutlery since he doesn’t actually know where anything is. I finish my task first and end up sitting at the table and letting him serve my food. 
“This feels a little backwards, I’m the host here.” I remind him. He shrugs. 
“I’m not here as your guest. I don’t expect you to serve me.” 
“But there’s no reason you should be serving me either.” I add. Shaun shrugs. 
“I like to cook.” I grin. 
“Oh you will make some girl very happy one day I am sure.” Shaun laughs. 
“I hope so.” He sits down with his own food and we eat in silence. After we finish eating, I offer him cookies as I run back to my room to grab my phone and my bag. 
“So, I don’t know what exactly your plans are, but Bellamy said you would be able to drive me down to the compound this morning?” I clarify. Shaun nods, a cookie in his mouth. He quickly swallows before responding. 
“Yup, I was told to stay with you until you’re with Alpha Kane or Miss Kane and Darrien. Or to call for Aaron to take over if I should need to leave or sleep.” he explains. 
“Sure, alright. I’m ready to leave whenever.” At this point it’s about nine thirty in the morning. If we leave now I’ll be at the compound by about quarter to ten. That should be plenty early enough for whatever Megan wants to get done today. Shaun nods, I grab Darrien’s cookies and we head out. He offers me his arm the moment I have locked the front door and he leads me to a silver car. It’s a pretty decent car, although not as fancy as the black ones that Bellamy and Megan seem to ride around in. I hop into the passenger seat and 
3/4 
35- Tossing and turning 
make myself comfortable. The drive is short but the vibrations of the car make it really hard to stay awake. My eyelids are drooping as Shaun parks the car and I have to give myself a mental shove to find the energy to get out the car. I stumble slightly as I make my way to the front door but, of course, Shaun catches me and steadies me. We manage to reach the front. door without any kind of injury and I knock. I then get to enjoy that super awkward time while you wait for someone to answer a door and you just kind of stare at it and listen for footsteps. It feels like forever but is probably only a few seconds before I hear shuffling and footsteps behind the door. It swings open and Darrien greets me with a nod and smile. 
“Well, that’s my cue to go take a nap.” Shaun waves, turns and walks off. I watch him walk away before returning my attention to Darrien. I hand him the plastic container of cookies. 
“Your thank you gift from Maggie.” 
“They look good. Come in. Alpha Kane and Miss Kane are in a meeting with the other Alphas. I doubt they will be too much longer.” He leads the way and we head straight to the kitchen. 
###Chapter 36
Strings of Fate 
36- Caffeine and contests 
Now that we are under a proper light rather than the shadowy front hall, Darrien notices how tired I am. 
“You look dead on your feet. Did you sleep at all last night?” he questions. I shrug. 
“I slept a little, but I don’t really feel like I did. My head is killing me.” I groan. He turns and rummages through a cupboard that is high enough that I would have to climb on a bench to reach it. He then grabe 
a bottle of coke from the 
fridge and pours a large glass. He places the 
glass and a little box in front of me. 
“Take two of these and finish the drink. Painkillers and caffeine. You should feel a bit better once they kick in.” I gratefully down the pills and start on the drink. 
“Thanks, I definitely need it.” We sit in silence for a minute or two as I finish up the coke. I can already feel the sugar and caffeine perking me up a little. 
“So, what’s the meeting for? Megan told me to come this morning, she didn’t mention any meeting.” Hopefully this isn’t some super secret Shifter thing that I’m nosing into. I hate. when people tell me to butt out. 
“You, sort of. Alpha Kane has been tracking down the Shifters who were hovering about your place last night. He’s called a meeting with the other Alpha’s to discuss it. He believes it may be the Canine Alpha who sent the Vampires and that it may be his men who are hovering.” 
“Oh, how did Bellamy find out? And when? The day is barely started.” Darrien shrugs. 
“I’m not sure how he found out. But he was out and about all night looking into it. He hasn’t actually slept yet. Hopefully he will find time to catch a nap before the… party tonight.” Darrien looks irritated at the mention of Megan’s engagement party, which is fair enough I 
suppose. So Bellamy has been up all night trying to find out who ordered the attack on us? Any remaining irritation or frustration at him that might have been lingering from last night fades away. My headache is fading and I feel far more lively than I did ten minutes ago. Darrien must have decided that he is no longer at risk of being killed due to my grumpiness because he decides now is the time to pry. 
1/4 
36- Caffeine and contests 
“So, how did your date go last night?” he asks, his tone is teasing but the question is serious. 
“It wasn’t a date.” I insist. 
“Does Alpha Kane know that?” 
“The evening ended with me yelling at Bellamy and slamming the door in his face. So you can take from that what you will.” Darrien shrugs. 
“It was definitely a date, and half your conversations with Alpha Kane end in you fighting. So I don’t place a lot of weight on it. But I’m still going to ask, what were you arguing about?” I roll my eyes. 
“Whether I should let guys into my home. Well, to be more accurate, whether he should be allowed to tell me if I can or cannot let guys into my home.” Darrien starts to laugh. 
“I told you it would be an issue.” He manages to get out between bursts of laughter, I glare at him. 
“Just stop. Besides, the argument was resolved so it doesn’t matter.” Darrien grins. 
“You caved.” he states. I frown. 
“I did NOT cave. We compromised.” I insist. Darrien raises an eyebrow. 
“Really? How interesting. I guess he really can’t boss you around. Alpha or not.” I shrug. I remember our discussions about dominance. I relay it to Darrien and tell him about my experiment with Shaun the night before. He is unsurprised. 
“And you want to test it against me now? You can if you want but I don’t see much point. I already know that you will be more dominant. Alpha Kane is more dominant than me after all.” He reminds me. I roll my eyes. 
“Whatever, lets try anyway.” Darrien nods and without a word, meets my eyes. Darrien holds. my gaze and unlike when I tested this with Shaun, I feel pressured to look away, but not enough to force me to give in. Just enough to make this actually feel like a competition.. Darrien lasts about ten seconds before he drops his eyes to the floor. His eyes stay down for. 
2/4 
36- Caffeine and contests 
about thirty seconds and I don’t think I’ve ever felt as powerful as I do right now. When he looks back up he gives me a wry smile. 
“Told you so.” He declares, I laugh. 
“I guess you did. I’m still not convinced that it’s not just my freaky eyes making people uncomfortable though.” Darrien shakes his head at me. 
“You’re stubborn. Your eyes didn’t make me uncomfortable at all. Just pressured to submit, and only because you were staring right at me.” He clarifies. I shrug. 
“If you say so.” I answer, doubt clear in my tone. Darrien rolls his eyes. 
that we 
“Stubborn.” He repeats, but he gives me a fond smile. Darrien is much better company now 
ve know each other’s secrets. He’s less formal and treats me as a friend rather than as an obligation. Talking with Darrien feels like how I always imagined having an older brother would be. He’s nosy and laughs at me way too much, but he is also friendly, protective and makes me feel comfortable. Oddly enough I also find that I want to try and protect him too. I’m not saying I want to become a ninja and fight my way through his enemies or anything. that would be crazy, if entertaining. More like I want to make sure he is happy and to protect that happiness. I wonder if this is what Megan meant when she said that Shifter women could be quite protective too, just in a different way to the men. But I’m not a Shifter, so it’s not like that for me. Or is it? It’s not like I actually know what I am, I could have protective instincts that I’m not aware of. I certainly feel protective of Maggie and Logan. Not to mention how I got involved in all this drama because I wanted to protect Megan. I could argue that I’m protecting Bellamy by not telling him about our thread. But I might also be protecting me. Or maybe both of us? Discussing everything with Darrien has left me so confused. What I really want to do is talk to Megan about it, but I don’t know if she could keep it secret from Bellamy, or even if she would be willing to. As close as I feel to her, I’ve not known her that long and Bellamy is her brother whom she is very close to. I don’t want to force her to keep secrets. It might create a bit of distance between us now but one day it won’t matter anymore. Still, despite my confusion, I think I rather like having a brother–like figure in my life. I wasn’t lying when I told Bellamy that Harrison was more like a brother to me than anything else, but at the same time I could never really see him that way. As an Incubus, his general manner has always been too sly, and held too many attempts at seductions to provide the comfort and relaxed feeling I always hoped to enjoy. I stand up from where I’m sitting. My mood is already significantly improved, perhaps from my considerations of Darrien, or maybe just because the caffeine is kicking in, but I feel far more 
3/4 
36- Caffeine and contests 
prepared to face everyone and to put on a smile for Megan as she prepares for her party. 
“Do you think the meeting might be almost over? I’m suddenly eager to make a start on whatever Megan has planned.” I announce to Darrien. He shrugs. 
“Possibly. They’re meeting in Alpha Kane’s study at the end of the hall. We can go check on 
them if you like?” he offers. I grin. 
“Awesome, let’s do that.” I’m moving towards the door before Darrien has even made it to his 
feet. 
“You’re eager all of a his 
sudden. But eager to see which Kane I wonder?” Darrien comments. tone teasing. I actively ignore him. The hallway is empty although the door to Bellamy’s study is slightly ajar. I can hear voices through the door. I glance up at Darrien, a silent 
question. 
‘Should we be listening to this?” he shrugs, a silent answer. 
Probably not but it’s not like there’s anyone to stop us.‘ I give him a smile before turning my attention to the voices. Straining to hear every word. 
###Chapter 37
7- Bears and birds 
The first voice is male, but so high pitched that at first I’m not sure. 
“You can hardly be surprised, Alpha Kane, that someone keeps arranging these attacks on you. As the youngest Alpha and an unmated 
eat that, you’re sure to be seen as the most vulnerable.” The voice declares, the tone is snide and I instantly dislike whoever the man is that is speaking. The next voice is also male, but far more quiet. I struggle to catch the words. 
“There is nothing that Alpha Kane can do to change his age other than wait. It is the second matter that is of more concern. He should find a mate. Perhaps then his position would not offend people as much. It would also secure his position. Perhaps then the attacks would cease, or at least become less frequent.” The second man suggests. His manner doesn’t seem outright rude like the last man. More bored, like he just doesn’t really care all that much. A third man speaks. His voice is loud and boisterous, but seems friendly, at least in comparison 
to the last two. 
“Give t 
the guy a break. We all know the difficulties in finding an appropriate mate. Not one of us had found our partners at his age.” The friendly man seems to be siding with Bellamy in this argument, not that Bellamy has actually spoken yet. Still, I’m fairly sure he appreciates. 
the friendly man’s point. 
“You act like my brother isn’t even trying to find his mate.” Megan declares, her tone 
irritated. 
“He might have better chances if his dates weren’t being crashed by mercenary Vampires!” She argues. Date? Is she calling me Bellamy’s date? Is that what she thought was happening? I suppose it’s better than her knowing that Bellamy and I were spying on HER date. But I don’t think I like the suggestion. I’ve already decided that I’m not ready to date Bellamy and I am not ready for her to know that it’s even a decision I’ve been making. I wait for Bellamy to , but no such ion comes. Darn it. 
“Which brings us back to the original issue. While I so appreciate everyone’s commentary on my personal affairs, I would rather we stick to the original reason for calling this meeting. Someone, a Shifter, has been meddling. Arranging for people to attack and spy on myself and those I have taken under my protection. This is not acceptable.” Bellamy sounds mad. The first man, the one with the whiny high–pitched voice answers him. 
1/4 
37- Bears and birds 
“You can’t be implying that any of us are involved.” Bellamy’s answer is firm but polite. 
“All I am saying is that there are Shifters involved in this matter. I have concluded that they are not feline Shifters so I have brought the matter to you. You will of course want to investigate. If any of your Shifters are conspiring without your knowledge you will want to punish them accordingly.” All three of the voices give their assurances that they will investigate the matter, although only the friendly one sounds truly genuine. It isn’t until I hear footsteps that I realise the door is about to open and I am going to get caught eavesdropping. I want to leave but I know it’s already too late as the door swings open. I am being stared at by a tall, lanky looking man. 
“Who are you?” He demands. His high pitched tone shows him to be the first man with the bad attitude. I open my mouth, not sure how I’m going to explain myself but Darrien answers 
before I can. 
“May I introduce Miss Ryann Gale, Alpha Kane and Miss Kane are expecting her.” A funny look flashes over the man’s face at my name. Did Bellamy or Megan mention me by name? 
“I am the Canine Alpha, August Wright.” His voice is prideful, he clearly thinks me below him. He continues, not giving me a chance to answer. 
“Alpha Kane mentioned a Miss Gale was present during the recent attempts on his life. I can only assume he was referring to you. I’m sorry for you. You must have been terrified.” His voice is polite but definitely insincere. 
“Thank you, but no, I had Be- Alpha Kane with me.” I mimic his tone. So yeah, that’s a lie. I was totally terrified. But I’m not admitting it to this asshole. Alpha Wright steps forward, he seems to expect me to move out of his way so he can pass, although there is plenty of space for him to step around me. He frowns when I don’t immediately scamper away. I notice him. trying to catch my gaze. Well, if ever there was a time to test my dominance this would be it. I meet his eyes and hold steady. He looks shocked when I don’t immediately submit. I feel pressure but I can stand it. He jumps as a hand touches his shoulder and we both break eye contact at the same time to see who it is. I guess I won’t be finding out who Is more dominant today then. Still, I made my point. I am not some little girl that he can walk all 
over. 
“You’re blocking the doorway.” The voice of the quiet man complains. Alpha Wright steps 
2/4 
37- Bears and birds 
around me and with one last irritated glare, storms off down the hall. With him out the way I can see the man behind him, he is short and thin but somehow doesn’t look frail. If anything I would say he looks agile. I step to the side a little to let him pass and he steps to the opposite side a little to go past me. He walks past me without a word, but I do catch him glancing at me out the side of his eye as he passes. 
“That was the Avian Alpha, Galvyn Breeze. He isn’t very chatty.” Darrien comments. Megan’s head peeks around the door. 
“Ryann? You’re here! Come in. We’re just finishing up here.” I head in and Darrien follows. Bellamy is chatting with a man who towers over him. He is huge and generally imposing. This has to be the Alpha for the Bear Shifters. I can’t think who else he could be. Both men stop talking as I enter. Bellamy smiles. 
“Ryann, good morning,” he looks exhausted. There are dark shadows under his eyes that are even worse than mine. It almost makes me feel a little better about how dreadful I probably look. 
“Morning.” I answer him answering with my own smile. The giant of a man speaks. 
“Aah, so this is the girl who has been caught up in Shifter power struggle.” He turns to me and holds out a hand for me to shake. I take it, his huge hand completely covers mine. He shakes my hand enthusiastically. 
“I’m Alpha Kohan Aspen, of the Bear Shifters in case you didn’t guess already. You can call me 
Kohan. Nice to meet you.” His expression is open and friendly and I take an instant liking to 
him. I smile. 
“I’m Ryann Gale. Pleased to meet you.” I allow him to catch my gaze for a second but neither of us attempts to hold it. 
“I didn’t mean to interrupt.” I start, my tone apologetic. He waves me off. 
“Nah, I was just leaving. I promised my mate Kelly that I would be home right away. She wanted to come to the meeting but she’s pregnant and has some awful morning sickness.” He gives Bellamy, Megan and Darrien all nods in turn before heading for the door. He pauses as he passes me and gives a friendly wink. I can’t be sure, but I think I hear him mutter under 
3/4 
37–Bears and birds 
his breath. 
“Good luck.” What is he wishing me luck with? And why? Or maybe I imagined it? That 
seems more likely. 
###Chapter 38
38- Sleepwalking and spa days 
I put it out of my mind and turn my attention back to those in the room. Bellamy looks dead on his feet, he also looks annoyed. 
“It’s got 
got to be those damn canine Shifters. Wright has always had an issue with me. Mum never liked him either.” He sighs and deflates. It makes him look even more tired. 
“But I can’t prove anything. At least not yet. Maybe I should go and try and find something more solid I could-” I cut him off. 
“No, there are more immediate issues. Like you getting some sleep before the party tonight.” I keep my tone firm. I am not suggesting he sleep, I’m ordering it. He needs to rest or he will be totally useless. Tonight will be stressful enough for him as it is. I don’t need him loopy. from sleep deprivation. 
“But I need to get proof the canine Alpha was involved in the attack. I can’t just leave it.” He s. Megan takes the chance to put in her two cents. 
“I’m with Ryann on this one Bel, you need sleep. Besides, you have your own personal army of Shifters ready to obey your every whim. Use them.” He is shaking his head before she even finishes talking. He meets her eyes. 
“No.” He says stubbornly. He is holding her gaze, Megan stares back at him for about thirty. seconds, there is a clear battle of wills going on here. Ultimately though, Megan fails. She drops her eyes to the floor. 
“Dammit.” She mutters. Her shoulders slump and that tells me that she’s done fighting him. on this. Well she might be done but I’m not. I step closer to Bellamy. He is still watching Megan. I see a look of guilt flash across his face, gone as fast as it came. I guess he really does feel bad using his Alpha status to boss his sister around. I put a hand on his arm to get his attention. He turns to me and seems surprised to find me so close. I put a hand on his other arm and turn him to properly face me. 
“Bellamy.” I’m standing close enough that he has to look down to meet my eyes. Standing like this, the red thread that connects us is less than 30cm long. 
1/4 
Emergency calls only 
38- Sleepwalking and spa days 
“Go, you need to sleep.” My voice is firm, but I keep my voice soft, barely more than a whisper. He stares down at me stubbornly. His eyes widen in surprise when I don’t look away. I have no idea how much time passes, but Bellamy eventually relents. He doesn’t look away, he isn’t submitting. He just knows I’m right. 
“Fine.” He holds my gaze as he responds. His voice is far more smug than it should be. He just lost an argument after all. I know he is thinking about our previous discussions of my dominance. Dam it. I was hoping to avoid this for a while longer. But I couldn’t let him keep going like this. He needs to rest. I just roll my eyes at him, finally breaking the eye contact. 
“Go on, get out. Get some shut eye.” I wave him towards the door. I suddenly want him away from me, I need some distance. Hopefully he doesn’t connect the dots and realise what me being his equal in dominance could mean. Okay, I know he isn’t stupid, but he is really tired. Maybe he won’t realise it. At least not right away. Bellamy groans. 
Yes, yes, I’m going.” He turns and trudges slowly out the room. I turn back to Megan. She 
has a satisfied look on her face. 
“What?” I demand, defensively. She just smiles at me. 
“I’m not a Shifter, he can’t order me around like everyone else here.” I make my excuse. I can’t tell if she believes me or not but she thankfully decides not to question me about it. 
“We should get going, we have a full day ahead of us.” She looks excited and half skips out 
the door. 
“I’m just grabbing my bag, I’ll meet you at the door.” She calls out behind her as she climbs up a staircase that I didn’t notice earlier. That just leaves Darrien and I. The moment Megan is out of earshot he starts laughing. 
“Shut up.” I grumble. I elbow him as I walk past and head back down the hall towards the front door. He follows behind me, still chuckling under his breath. 
Three hours later Megan and I make it back to the house. She had arranged full body scrub spa treatments for us followed by facials, manicures and pedicures. During the process the beauticians brought us drinks and lunch from a cafe next door to the spa. I have never felt so spoiled in my life. Darrien is following behind us as we enter. He is holding our handbags as 
2/4 
38- Sleepwalking and spa days 
Megan was concerned that our manicures might not be totally dry yet and didn’t want to risk it. The risk must have passed though because Megan takes both bags from him and dismisses 
him. 
“Thanks for being a good sport this morning Darrien. That had to be pretty boring for you. You can go relax now. I promise to call if either of us need to leave the house.” Darrien smiles. 
at her. 
“Of course Miss Kane.” He wanders off into the kitchen. Probably to eat more cookies. Maggie 
is the best cook after all. I also really doubt that he was bored. Most of the time he seems content just sitting and watching Megan… exist. Megan thrusts both handbags into my arms. All she has now is her phone which she apparently had in her pocket. 
“Head up the stairs, remember, my room is the first door on the right. Let yourself in and make yourself comfy. I want to call Tristan real quick.” She waves me away as she heads into Bellamy’s office for privacy. I follow her instructions and head up the stairs. The top of the stairs lead to another hall with four doors. The first on the right has a cute little name plate. on it with Megan’s name. The others are all plain. Still, I know that Bellamy must be asleep in the room to the left, I can see our thread. The other rooms are spare bedrooms I think. It seems a little odd to me that they live together even as adults. But apparently most Shifters stay close to home. They like to live in family groups. Megan and Bellamy’s household is considered tiny since they have no parents, grandparents, mates or children living with them. For a brief moment I consider what it would be like to live here one day. I dismiss the thought, it’s far too early to think of things like that. I’m lost in thought and not prepared for Bellamy’s door to swing open and I stumble up the top step and drop the bags I’m holding. They land at my feet. Bellamy stands in the doorway. He still looks exhausted, actually he looks half–asleep. The room behind him is dark. 
“Sorry, did I wake you? I didn’t mean to.” I apologise. Bellamy shakes his head, although his eyes still seem glazed over a bit. He just stares at me. 
“Uhm, did you need something? You still have time to sleep for a bit longer-” I stifle a squeak as he steps forward, grabs me around the waist and pulls me to his chest. He is surprisingly tense for someone who is barely conscious. 
“Was so worried last night.” His words come out slurred, like he’s drunk. But I can’t smell alcohol on him. I think he must just be pretty much asleep. I freeze in place and his grip 
around my 
waist tightens. One of his hands moves up to the back of my head. He gently but 
3/4 
38- Sleepwalking and spa days 
firmly pushes my head against his chest. Not wanting to wake him up entirely and deal with the awkwardness that would result, I give in and relax against him. As I relax, so does he. I can feel his shoulders softening. His head moves to rest on mine. He releases a deep breath. I stand with him like that for a minute before I begin to worry that Megan might come up. I don’t know how long her phone call is supposed to take. 
“Bellamy. You should go back to bed.” I tell him softly. As I speak I pull away from him, this 
time he lets me move back a little but doesn’t totally release me. 
“Kay.” He mumbles. He starts to move back into his room, but his hand is still on my waist and he tries to pull me along with him. If nothing else, this tells me that he isn’t really awake enough to be aware of his actions right now. Even if Bellamy was going to ask me to come into his room, he wouldn’t just try and drag me in without even asking. I grab his hand and pry it away. 
“Go back to bed.” I repeat. He sighs and shuffles back into his room. I close the door behind. him. I then quickly pick up our bags and dash into Megan’s room. What the hell just happened? I guess Bellamy is clingy when he’s sleepy. I really hope he doesn’t remember it when he wakes up. I’m so glad Megan didn’t find us like that. It would be too awkward. I groan as I realise that Shifters can scent when I’ve been close to someone. Megan is going to be suspicious anyway. I wonder if I can hide it somehow. The best option I can think of is to cover it up with another scent. Since I’m in Megan’s room, obviously it has to be hers or it would be equally suspicious. I glance around for a way to accomplish my goal. Eventually I decide to just curl up on Megan’s bed for a while. We spent quite a while relaxing on her bed 
last time I was here, so I know she won’t mind the intrusion. I climb onto the bed and cover 
myself with one of her blankets.. 
###Chapter 39
39- Bridesmaids and ballrooms 
olt awake as the bedroom door swings open. 
I jolt 
“Sorry, lost track of the time on the phone, 1-” she stops herself. 
“Well, I guess you didn’t even notice. I thought you looked a little tired. I guess a twenty minute nap isn’t a bad thing.” She collapses onto the large bed beside me and snuggles in next to me. She smiles contentedly. Are all Shifters this cuddly? Or maybe it’s just a Kane thing. 
“Was Bellamy here?” she questions. 
“I think I can smell him.” I shrug. 
“I ran into him in the hall. He was half–asleep. I think I must have woken him when I came up the stairs.” I keep my tone casual. Megan nods accepting my explanation. Wow, it is surprisingly easy to hide things from people when they aren’t actually expecting you to lie. Not that I did lie technically, I just didn’t go into a lot of detail. Okay, now I feel guilty. 
“Hey, Ry?” Megan sounds a little nervous. I smile at her use of a nickname for me. 
“Yeah?” 
“I know we haven’t known each other long, but I was wondering if you would be my bridesmaid? I’m only planning to have one.” I am in complete shock. That was so completely unexpected. 
“I, I’d love to. But don’t you have someone else you should ask before me? Someone you’ve known longer or something?” I hate myself for asking that. What if she changes her mind. I desperately want to be her bridesmaid. Megan sighs. 
“No, I know it hasn’t been long but you’re already my best friend Ry. The Shifters here all treat me differently. They always have, it used to be because of my parents, now because of Bellamy. They’re kind to me, and they like me and I do consider them friends. But they never relax around me. Not like you do.” Megan blushes and falls silent. Megan is so friendly and 
1/5 
39- Bridesmaids and ballrooms 
always surrounded by people, it hadn’t occurred to me that she might be lonely. 
“You know, for people who grew up so differently, we really do seem to have a lot in 
common.” I comment. 
“There is nothing I want more than to be your bridesmaid. You’re my best friend too your know.” I add. Megan squeals and throws her arms around me so tight that I can barely breathe. I can’t stop laughing which also doesn’t help. 
“Can’t. Breathe. Crushing. Me…” I manage to get out. Megan releases me and sits up. I do the same. She looks as delighted as I feel. She glances at her phone. 
“It’s about…. two–thirty. Time for us to start getting ready. We’re using the ballroom in the Oak Hotel down the road which isn’t far and the party doesn’t start until six. But I was to head down by about half past five to make sure all the decorations are right and everything. That gives us a little under three hours for hair and makeup.” She seems super excited. I am too, I get to be her bridesmaid and now we’re getting ready for her engagement party together. Still, there’s a bit of a damper on my mood since I know Tristan is wrong for her and if Bellamy and I succeed in our plans, there will be no wedding. But I know she’s meant for Darrien. So I guess this means I’ll eventually get to be a bridesmaid for their wedding. I hope. Still, nothing I can do about that right now. I set aside all those depressing thoughts and focus on figuring out hair and makeup with Megan which translates to; sat there and watched as Megan the whirlwind span around the room and took care of everything. 
It’s quarter to five and I’m staring at myself in Megan’s full length mirror. I’ve never seen myself look like this before. The blue in my dress emphasises my blue hair and the entire dress glitters beautifully and flows like gravity doesn’t even exist. My glittery black accessories add just enough to make me look put together. Megan has styled my hair in beautiful curls and then pinned one side away from my face. She then added some kind of glitter to my hair which stands out against my dark hair and against the blue makes it seem like the sparkles are little stars. I’m wearing more makeup than I ever have in my life but surprisingly I love it. I’m starting to think it’s not make–up I dislike but poorly done make–up AKA make–up done by myself. Dark black makeup with a subtle sparkle in it around my eyes makes them stand out, yes. But for once I don’t hate it. My eyes are dramatic looking but so is everything else I’m wearing. Somehow, using makeup skills that I definitely lack, Megan has managed to make my pale skin look flawless like a perfect porcelain doll and the look is completed with a subtle nude lipstick. I feel like some kind of galaxy princess. The back of my dress drags on the floor slightly which I’m going to have to be careful of and I’m going to 
2/5 
39- Bridesmaids and ballrooms 
hate my shoes by the end of the night, but I can’t bring myself to care. If I look like a princess. then Megan looks like a queen or some kind of goddess or something. The deep red of her dress matches the lipstick she skilfully applied. Her dress is elegant and makes her look like she should be on a runway. The beads on her dress catch the light just right. Her hair is pinned up in some bun updo with tendrils curling down around her face. Like me, she has 
glitter all her hair although hers is gold to match her accessories. Her golden eyes 
shine and I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone look as beautiful as she does right now. She moves around the room grabbing her things and putting together a little clutch with all the items she deems essential for her evening. Lipstick, phone, concealer in case touch ups are needed. Bandages for her heels in case her shoes hurt her feet, and so on. We have music playing, but quietly since Bellamy was sleeping earlier, although he should be up by now. A knock at the door makes me jump, but I know it’s Bellamy before he even speaks. He calls through the door. 
“Are you girls ready yet? Megs you said you wanted to leave early.” He reminds her. She rolls her eyes dramatically. 
“Almost ready. 1 
be down in five minutes!” She calls back. He sighs from behind the door. 
“Sure, of COURSE you will.” He grumbles. I can hear him head back down the stairs. 
“Okay so I might be more like ten minutes.” Megan decides as she adjusts the pins in her 
hair. 
“Why don’t you head downstairs and placate the guys?” I shrug and grab my clutch. Tristan is meeting us at the hotel so at least I won’t have to chat with him awkwardly. I head out the room and start to make my way down the stairs, going slowly so as not to trip in my heels or catch my skirt which I am holding out of the way with one hand. I can hear Bellamy and Darrien talking in the kitchen. Bellamy has his back to me and is looking at something on a laptop he has open on the bench when I walk in. Darrien turns and gives me an approving nod and smile which I appreciate. 
“Megan said she might be more like ten minutes.” I announce. Bellamy sighs. 
“What can possibly take this long?” he grumbles. 
“I’ll hurry her along.” Darrien declares and gives me a sly look as he heads out the kitchen. 
3/5 
39- Bridesmaids and ballrooms 
I’m suddenly nervous although it’s totally ridiculous that I should be. Bellamy sighs again and closes the laptop with a little more force than is strictly required. He stands up and turns around, then freezes as he sees me. He blinks once, then twice. A smile runs over his face. 
“You look beautiful.” He offers. I blush and stare at the ground. 
“Thank you.” I mumble, suddenly shy. He looks great in the suit we picked out for him. The kitchen is awkward and silent for a moment before Bellamy speaks. He sounds amused. 
“I see what you meant before, we match.” He gestures to his own outfit. I smile at him, relaxing now that the awkward complements thing is over. 
“I like your dress.” He adds. Darn it, okay. Not over then. 
“Well that’s probably a good thing since you insisted on paying for it.” I remind him. He laughs. 
“It was worth every dollar.” he insists, I roll my eyes. 
“You don’t even know what it cost. It’s still just a dress.” I point out. He smiles. 
“But you look happy, so it was worth it.” My heart melts just a little bit. That was so sweet. It also makes me want to hide a bit. Still, I stand my ground. 
“I am happy.” I remember Megan asking me to be her bridesmaid and all I can think is how much I want to tell Bellamy. 
“Megan asked me to be her bridesmaid. She says I’m her best friend.” I blurt the words out in a child–like babble of excitement. Bellamy grins. 
“I’m happy for you.” I giggle, I have a best friend. It’s just so wonderful. I wonder who Bellamy’s best friend is. I don’t think I have actually seen him spend time with anyone but his sister. Suddenly Bellamy’s expression changes. He looks super uncomfortable and shifts around awkwardly. 
###Chapter 40
40- Greeting and glaring 
“Uh, Ryann… did I… did I wake up earlier this afternoon? I remember… but I’m not really 
sure…” 
..” He trails off and stares at the floor. Great, now I feel awkward too. I was hoping he wouldn’t remember that. He could have done us both a favour and pretended he did remember at the very least. He didn’t have to bring it up, now we have to talk about it. Darn. 
“Oh, um… yeah. You were up for a couple minutes, although I wouldn’t have really described you as awake. I think you were practically sleep walking.” Come on Bellamy. I’ve just given you the perfect out for this discussion. Don’t keep going. 
“I… yeah, you’re probably right. I had a lot of trouble trying to get to sleep in the first place.” THANKYOU! I am so ready for this conversation to be over. I can hear Megan’s heels as she comes down the stairs. She joins us in the kitchen. Darrien is following behind her with a slightly dumbstruck look on his face. He can’t seem to take his eyes off her. It’s adorable. 
The drive down to the hotel is pretty relaxed., we might be going to Megan’s engagement party but I don’t think it has quite sunk in for the guys yet. Darrien drives and Bellamy takes the front seat so Megan and I can sit more comfortably in the back. Bellamy turns on the radio and Megan takes the chance to wow us with her singing skills. I hate to criticise her but they are somewhat lacking. Still, I join in when we reach the chorus since that’s the only part of the song I know. I’m an okay singer, at least I think I am. I used to join in my school choir when I was a kid, although I didn’t keep it up for long. By the time we reach the hotel, even Bellamy has joined in singing. I wouldn’t say he’s a star or anything, but his voice isn’t bad. He manages to stay in key at least, unlike Megan. Darrien is still quiet of course, but he turned the music up for us so it’s fine I guess. If it was anyone else I’d say they were trying to drown out Megan, but I suspect Darrien would listen to her sing all day without complaint. 
When we arrive, Darrien parks and he and Bellamy rush from their seats. Almost simultaneously my and Megan’s car doors swing open as the guys get them for us. Darrien of course got Megan’s door as she was seated behind him in the car, so Bellamy got mine. He offers me a hand out the car which I accept because as pretty as this dress is, it makes it hard. to move as easily as I do in my comfy leggings. Megan makes it out faster and far more gracefully than I do. She links her arm with mine and leads me towards the entrance. I notice Bellamy drop his arm which he automatically went to offer me as I got out the car. I see Bellamy’s black thread floating in front of him and repress a sigh. I let Megan lead me into. the hotel lobby where she drags me to a stop. 
1/5 
40–Greeting and glaring 
“Tristan. You’re early!” She drops my arm and half runs up to where Tristan is waiting. He is in a suit and his blond hair is styled nicely. He should look handsome, but I’m distracted by the black thread between him and Bellamy. Maybe it’s just because I know there’s something up here, but everything about the man seems false. Like he’s trying too hard to look and act perfect. Megan introduces us. 
“Tristan honey, this is Ryann my newest and best friend.” I have to fight a grin at that introduction. 
“Ry, this is my fiancee Tristan.” She beams at me. I give him a polite smile. 
“Nice to meet you.” I offer. He smiles politely. 
“It’s lovely to meet you Ryann, any friend of my beautiful fiancee is a friend of mine. I’m sure we will get along just fine.” I nod along politely and try not to cringe. There’s nothing WRONG with what he’s saying, in fact it’s basically exactly what a husband to be SHOULD say. Which is probably why it sounds so fake. When do men ever say exactly what they should? It’s like he’s quoting those romantic comedies that Maggie loves so much and I occasionally indulge in. 
“Honey, the DJ wanted to confirm a few things with us. If you all wouldn’t mind excusing us for a bit. Ryann, Alpha Kane.” He nods respectfully before taking Megan’s hand and leading her away. I frown. He totally ignored Darrien. Not to mention, who refers to their future brother in law by their title. It’s just so awkward. I examine the guys. Darrien seems to be attempting to perfect his impression of a blank sheet of paper. His expression is so forcefully plain and his eyes just look empty. Poor guy. Bellamy looks grumpy and is glaring after them. It’s actually a little scary. 
“Uhm… are you guys okay?” I ask timidly. 
“Fine.” Bellamy grinds out. Darrien just shrugs. I push forward. 
“Are you 
sure? Because you look like you’re about to hurt someone.” I point at Bellamy. 
“And you look like you’re about to hurt yourself.” I gesture at Darrien. Both men stare at me like I’m crazy. Darrien still looks not quite with it though. 
2/5 
40- Greeting and glaring 
“Bellamy, I need to talk to Darrien. Can you give us a sec?” a suspicious expression flashes. across Bellamy’s face. I glare at him and I can see him making an effort to smooth it away. 
“Of course. I’m going to run to the bathroom anyway. I’ll be back in a minute.” Somehow that last part seems more like a threat than anything else. I repress the desire to roll my eyes, I need to talk to Darrien. 
“Darrien. Remember what we talked about back at my place? You’ll get your chance. I’m sorry you have to put up with all this, but you’re my brother, remember. No one else.” Darrien looks. confused for a minute, then he figures out what I mean. He knows I’m going to end up with Bellamy, so my brother will be the one with Megan. He seems to perk up a little. I poke him in the shoulder. 
“So cheer up would you, you look like you belong in the before picture of a Snickers commercial.” He actually laughs at that. 
“You’re like the little sister I never wanted. I’d hug you but Bellamy should be back soon and I like my arms attached to my shoulders.” I roll my eyes. 
“I hug whoever I want thank you very much.” I can practically see the dread in Darrien’s face as I dart forward and hug him. He pats me on the back once awkwardly before I release him. I start giggling, in fact I can’t seem to stop. 
“What’s so funny?” Bellamy asks from behind me. I jump, I didn’t hear him coming because I was laughing too much. Darrien stands up a little straighter. 
“Drink! I need a drink.” He half runs from the room and I watch him leave. What’s his problem? I pull myself together and take a deep breath before facing Bellamy. If it’s possible, he looks even more grumpy than he did before. Shoot, that does not bode well for me. 
“I hugged Darrien, he was awkward, it was hilarious.” I inform him. Bellamy takes a deep breath to calm himself. It doesn’t seem to work. Is he always going to get this grumpy when I hug Darrien? Because it’s going to get really old really fast. 
“I can tell. Why did you hug him this time?” He remarks. Scents are stupid. Really, it’s entirely inconvenient being around people who can know things about me by smell. I roll my eyes at 
him. 
3/5 
40–Greeting and glaring 
“Don’t be like that. I know you don’t like me actually being friends with anyone, but Darrien needs a friend tonight in case you hadn’t noticed.” Bellamy looks a little apologetic. 
“Maybe you’re right.” He concedes. Did he just give in? Wow, did not expect that. I’m proud of him. He still looks grumpy though. 
“Well, you need to put your game face on.” I inform him. He looks confused. 
“What?” 
“This is a party, your sister’s engagement party. You look like you’re at the dentist to have all your teeth pulled without anaesthetic.” I point out. Bellamy frowns. 
“I think that’s overstating it a little.” I shake my head. 
“Nope, you look rather scary.” Bellamy takes a half step closer, his expression is still so severe that I automatically take a step back. He freezes in place. He’s a bit intimidating when he’s like this. His expression gets even darker. 
“Are 
you scared of me Ryann?” he demands. I shrug. 
“Maybe a little.” I admit. I know Bellamy would never physically hurt me, but I wouldn’t put it past him to snap at me. Or to hurt someone else in order to protect‘ me or Megan. I don’t need that on my conscience right now. Bellamy backs up about three feet. His expression is one of horror. No sign of the intimidating Alpha who was making me so uncomfortable only two seconds ago. 
“You never need to be scared of me.” He promises. It almost sounds like he is pleading with me to believe him. He looks so upset that I can’t help myself. I step forward until I’m standing directly in front of him. I hold his gaze, showing him that there’s no fear in my expression. He naturally places one hand on my waist before quickly snatching back and dropping it to his side. I grab the hand and put it back on my waist. 
away from 
“I’m not scared for me Bellamy.” My voice is quiet and I have to fight to not look him. Relief crosses his face and he takes another deep calming breath. He frowns a little as he does and without warning, yanks me forward into a tight hug. Just as quickly, he releases me. I stare at him but he totally ignores my shock and just offers me his arm. 
4/5 
###Chapter 41
41- Desert and dancing 
AM. ABSOLUTELY. FLOORED. This room is stunning. How did Megan get this party put together in so short a time? She should go into event planning. There are round tables all around the edges of the room. Each table has a black table cloth with decorative candle things in the middle. The centre of the room is clear to leave space for dancing and the DJ is set up at the far end of the room. There are servers running around setting up places at the tables and I can smell something amazing coming from somewhere nearby which is making me wish it was time to eat already. To one side of the room I can see large open doors which seem to lead outside. I can’t see much but I know there are some fairy lights twinkling away out there. The opposite side of the room has several large tables pushed up against the wall. These are mostly empty but based on the few things I can see there, it’s going to be where the food goes. Buffet style dinner it is, I can’t wait. Megan and Tristan are still over with the DJ, Megan is gesturing animatedly but seems happy enough. Darrien is hovering nearby. Close enough to keep an eye on her but not so close as to be creepy. I guess he knows what he’s going to be doing all evening, perfecting his imitation of Mr Darcy pining after his love. It doesn’t take long for the guests to start arriving and the room quickly fills up. Bellamy gets dragged away by a group of Shifters I’ve never met and seems incredibly annoyed about it. He eventually escapes them only to be swamped by a pair of women who want to speak to him. Each time he escapes a conversation, he seems to be dragged into another one. It becomes clear that he’s too busy to hang out with me for the moment so I set about finding something to eat. The food is amazing and once everyone is about done eating they move on to socialising. Megan is, of course, completely swamped with well wishers and I don’t have much of a chance to talk to her. Darrien is still hovering which doesn’t leave him 
very open 
open for conversation either. Other than me, pretty much everyone here is a Shifter. I think I saw a couple of humans for a minute or two. But they seemed to have come, congratulated Megan then left. I think they might be classmates of hers. Oddly enough, There don’t seem to be any guests here to see Tristan. Megan is constantly introducing him to people but I haven’t seen him make a single introduction. I find myself sitting at a table pretty much by myself. My solitude doesn’t last long however as Bellamy comes and drops into the seat next to me. He must have finally escaped his fan club, almost all his attention has been from women. Not that I’ve really been paying attention or anything. He groans. 
“They’re driving me crazy. Half these people don’t even want to talk to me, they just feel like they need to because I’m the Alpha. The others are even worse, they hope to get my attention even if I have already made it very clear in the past that I am not going to chose a mate for 
convenience.” 
1/4 
Many 
“Poor thing, too girls fawning over you?” Okay, that came out a little more bitter than I meant it to. Bellamy looks at me with an eyebrow raised. Okay so he noticed my attitude. Let him think it’s because I’m bored. 
“Not anymore, I decided to come sit with you instead.” I feel instantly lighter. Darn it. He should not have so much control over my mood. It would make sense if I loved him, but I barely know him so it can’t be that… right? 
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that.” I flick my eyes over his shoulder. He turns to see two girls who are hovering behind him. They both seem to look me over and after they realise I’m not a Shifter, they conclude I’m no threat. 
“Good evening Alpha Kane. We wondered if we could get you anything from the dessert table.” One of the girls offers. The other nods enthusiastically. Bellamy shakes his head and answers firmly but politely. 
“No thank you ladies. If you’ll excuse me, I’m talking with Ryann at the moment.” The girls eyes shift back and forth between us in a combination of confusion and irritation as they excuse themselves. I watch as they rejoin a group of girls in the corner of the room and they all seem to be talking at once as they ask for information. I can see them all looking sideways at us. They aren’t terribly subtle. I make eye contact with one who looks away immediately but seems shocked to have done so. The gossiping seems to go on and on. I sigh and look away. Something else catches my eye. A little boy is over at the dessert table struggling to carry two plates which both have huge slices of chocolate cake on them and pick up spoons. He can’t be more than eight years old. What really gets my attention about him is that there is a red thread streaming from his chest. I follow it to a little blonde girl who is sitting at a table looking lonely. Her mother is chatting with another woman and she looks rather bored. I turn my attention back to the little boy. He eventually gives up on carrying both plates and puts one back on the table and uses his free hand to get a spoon to eat the cake with. I expect him to start eating right away, but with a last glance at the piece of cake he left behind he makes a beeline straight to the little girl. Her expression brightens when he approaches. He looks incredibly nervous. He hands her the dessert and she accepts it, delighted. He shyly takes the empty seat next to her and watches as she takes the first bite of her cake. She finishes her first bite before offering the spoon to him. He is surprised and excited. I watch as the two of them take turns and share the cake together. I think I might die 
from the cuteness of it. They are the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen. 
“I take it that they aren’t doomed then?” Bellamy comments. I had almost forgotten he’s here. 
2/4 
He’s followed my gaze and has been watching the scene play out as I have. I nod.. 
“They’re fated to be together. They’re lucky to find each other so young. It might just be the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen.” I gush, Bellamy smiles at me. 
“Their names are Jacob and Emiah. Jake has been in love with her pretty much since always. Her parents didn’t really like him hovering around her so much at first, but he’s grown on them. It’s hard not to approve of him when he is so clearly dedicated to her. She is, of course, smitten.” He explains. I sigh happily. They’re lucky, they have already found the person who will stand by them forever, and they’re young enough to admit it without fuss, without complications or embarrassment. To face any issues as they come head on. A flash of red interrupts my thoughts. Megan dashes through the crowd and heads straight towards Bellamy 
and 1. 
“Hey!” She greets us brightly, her face is flushed and happy. 
“What are you both doing hiding over here? You should be dancing! Someone needs to 
get 
things started around here and Tristan is a terrible dancer.” She confides. I laugh at her 
comment. 
“We aren’t hiding Megs, just sitting, and I’m perfectly happy right here.” I inform her. She rolls her eyes at me. I can hear someone calling her over. She waves at the person to show she’s on her way. She turns to face Bellamy directly. 
“Ask the girl to dance Bellamy Kane.” She then whirls around in a glittering tornado of red and gold and rushes away leaving us sitting there awkwardly. Bellamy smiles at her fondly ast she rushes off. He then stands and faces me. He holds out a hand, a clear invitation. 
“Dance with me?” I’m not so sure that’s a good idea. It would feel too much like he’s my date. Besides, all the girls here are already glaring at me and gossiping. I don’t think I want to risk their wrath. I shake my head at him. 
“That’s probably not a good idea.” I respond. He looks indignant. 
“Why not? You heard my sister. She wants us to dance.” He insists. He is still holding hist hand out to me. I search for a good excuse. 
3/4 
Emergency calls onlyMu 
41- Desert and dancing 
— D83% 
14:29 
“My shoes!” I blurt out. 
“I’m wearing heels. I don’t want to kill my feet by dancing in them.” I explain. Okay so it’s not a GOOD excuse. But it’ll do. Bellamy finally drops his hand and glances at my feet. I pull up the edge of my skirt to display my glittery black stilettos. 
“Why are you wearing high heels? You hate them.” He questions. I shrug. 
“I don’t care very much about trying to look good for strangers at work. But tonight, I care… To make Megan happy of course.” I ramble on. Bellamy grins at me. 
“You look good, with or without heels.” I blush and look away from his face. My gaze aims somewhere over his right shoulder as I thank him. 
“That’s very nice of you to say. But it doesn’t change the fact that they aren’t exactly great shoes for dancing. It’ll be better if I just stay here.” I decide. 
###Chapter 42
Strings of Fate. 
42- Teasing and terror 
Bellamy shrugs. 
“Or, you could just ditch the shoes.” 
“Excuse me?” 
“Just take them off, then you have no reason not to dance with me.” I shake my head. 
“Don’t be crazy, it is completely inappropriate to take my shoes off here. Not to mention. rude.” Bellamy rolls his eyes. 
“Megan won’t care.” He insists. I open my mouth to argue but before I can get a word out, he drops to his knees and grabs my ankle. I squeal and instinctively kick out at him as he snatches my right shoe right off my foot. He stands and takes a couple steps away from me. 
“What the hell Bellamy! Give that back!” I stand up but don’t try to walk, it’ll be awkward with only one heel. He hangs my shoe over one finger and dangles it in front of me. 
“I’ll trade it for a dance.” He offers. 
“You’re ridiculous.” I counter. He just shrugs at me again. I try to take a step forward but stumble. I slip my other shoe off and hold it in one hand. I step forwards again and attempt. to snatch my other shoe back from Bellamy. He holds it up above my head and he’s too tall for me to reclaim it. I refuse to make a fool of myself trying to get my shoe back so I just glare at him, my arms crossed over my chest. He raises an eyebrow at me. 
“One dance Ry, come on. It’s not so horrible is it?” 
“I’ll trip over my dress, it’s too long without heels.” I sigh, my resolve wavering. 
“I won’t let you fall.” Bellamy promises, laughter in his tone. With a final glance at my shoe which he is still holding I relent. 
“Fine. One dance.” I grumble. Bellamy grins triumphantly. He gently pries my other shoe from 
1/4 
42- Teasing and terror 
my 
hand and places them neatly on the table by my clutch. He then takes my hand and leads me to the middle of the room. The DI, is apparently very observant, or maybe he noticed the scene we just made. Every woman staring at Bellamy definitely noticed at least. I know this because he suddenly changes the music to a more relaxed, slow dance. Great, I fight a groan. Bellamy nods at the guy who gives him a nod in return. I just roll my eyes. Everyone is watching and I have to fight not to run away, not that I could anyway because Bellamy still has a firm grip on my hand. I feel awkward without my shoes, although definitely more comfortable. Bellamy steps closer to me and slips his free hand around my waist. I cave and put my other hand on his shoulder and let him lead me through the dance. He is surprisingly good at this. I’m clumsy with the steps at first. I was taught to dance as part of a holiday program at the home I grew up in. I took about three weeks of compulsory classes and then never had to dance again. This is the first time I’ve ever made use of those lessons. As the steps come back to me, I begin to relax and feel more confident. I also find it easier to ignore the 
people watching us, particularly since a few couples stand up and join us on the floor. Megan and Tristan included. She was right when she said he isn’t a great dancer. He’s completely out of time with the music. Megan gives me a subtle thumbs up. 
“See, this isn’t so bad now is it?” Bellamy comments. I shrug. 
“It’s fine I guess.” That’s a lie. Turns out I actually enjoy dancing. I hated it as a teenager, but that might have had more to do with my reluctance to hold hands with creepy, overeager teenage boys. Inccubi definitely become better company when they get older. As teens they’re basically horny idiots with zero impulse control. Same as any other teenager really but they also get magical aphrodisiac powers so let’s just say it’s worse. My current partner is definitely an improvement. 
“You’re having fun. Admit it.” He pushes. I groan. 
“Fine. Yes I enjoy dancing. Happy now?” 
“Ecstatic.” he replies, a pleased grin on his face. The first song blends into the second but I don’t comment as Bellamy leads me through the next dance. Lots of people have joined in now, Megan should be pleased. Bellamy and I are no longer the centre of the room, in fact we’re pretty much at the edge of the dance floor now. It’s not until half way through the third dance that I remind Bellamy I only promised him one dance. It’s getting crowded and I’m not too comfortable with it. There are threads all around me and in a group like this I’m getting a bit claustrophobic. He grins but relents. He places a hand on my lower back and leads me away from the dance floor towards the edge of the room, away from the crowd. He leads me 
24 
to an empty corner and here, we are pretty much going unnoticed for the first time this evening as everyone has their view blocked by the couples dancing or are too busy dancing themselves to pay us any mind. I’m watching the dancers, trying to spot Megan. I’m trying so hard to spot her in the crowd that I forget Bellamy still has a hand on my back. Well, I ignore it at the very least. 
“Ryann.” He says my name to get my attention and I can barely hear him, he has to stand close for me to even hear him over the music. I face him and am surprised to find a serious expression on his face. He catches my gaze and I stare at his golden eyes. Why is he so serious all of a sudden? Is something wrong? Maybe he’s thinking about Tristan again, he was rather upset earlier, I did think he was pretty well distracted though. He reaches out with his free hand to brush a strand of hair from my face. He rests his hand on my cheek and before I can even begin to comprehend what’s happening, he leans forward and gently presses his lips to mine, and only just barely. 
It can hardly even be considered a kiss. But there’s no other way to describe it. My mind goes blank. His kiss is so unexpected that I don’t have a chance to react. Looking back, the signs seem obvious. But I wasn’t expecting him to kiss me so I missed them all. He pulls back to examine my expression. He looks pleased and nervous at the same time. I stare at him. His face falls and his expression becomes increasingly wary. My breaths start coming quicker, I can’t seem to breathe right. I am completely terrified. Why did he have to kiss me? I was not ready for that at all. I pull away from him and he immediately releases me. His hands fall to his sides and he makes tight fists, as if he is actively working to keep them there. I stare at his hands, I don’t want to look at his face. I don’t think I want to see what expression he is making right now. 
“Ryann I-” he starts. I don’t wait to hear what he has to say. I need to get away. I turn and run in the opposite direction, clutching my skirts to keep from tripping. I find myself at the doors leading outside and dash through them into the night. It’s well lit with fairy lights and the garden is beautiful, but I barely notice. I just keep moving. I need to go. It’s not until I reach a stone wall that I realise this is a private garden for the hotel. I wont be able to leave from here. I see a cement bench which I collapse onto. It’s a warm night but my toes are cold. I ran out here without shoes. I can see my feet are dirty from running through the grass. But that’s not important. What I really want to know is when did Bellamy start thinking of me… like that. I remember Darrien’s warning that even if I didnt say anything, it probably wouldn’t take long for Bellamy to start thinking of me as his mate. Is that what’s happening? But that s crazy. He barely knows me, I barely know him! There’s a nagging voice in the back of my mind. But you think of him that way already. That’s different because I already knew before I
42- Teasing and terror 
even spoke to him! I’m arguing with myself. This is not a good sign. Regardless, I’m not trying to figure out my own feelings here. I’m trying to figure out Bellamy’s. Does he love me? No, I don’t think he does. He’s drawn to me because I’m supposed to be his true mate, but all we do is fight. That kiss was just instinct. He naturally wants to be close to me, even if he doesn’t know the truth. It’s too soon for this. He’s just feeling pressured to find a mate, all those girls here tonight annoying him, the other Alphas earlier today making it clear that they expect him to hurry up and choose someone. He feels obligated to make a decision. I refuse to be an obligation. Neither of us is ready for this just yet, Bellamy just got a little carried away with the dancing, he was probably drinking too. It is a party after all. That’s all there is to it. It’s not that I don’t like him, I do, far more than I expected to. But I barely know him! I’ve been. alone my whole life, I don’t know how to be around other people, he will work out how incompetent I am, then he will want to leave too. 
###Chapter 43
43- Monotones and makeup 
1- I cut off my own thought. This is not helpful right now. I take a deep breath and calm myself. I might even be almost relaxed when Bellamy finally finds me. Okay, that’s not true. I’m completely freaking out. But I manage to hide it. Bellamy comes and sits on the seat beside me. He places my shoes on the ground by my feet and I slip them on. The silence is deafening until Bellamy finally manages to speak. His voice is quiet and almost completely. void of expression, as is his face. 
“Are you mad at me again?” He asks. I shake my head. I don’t know what I expected him to say but it wasn’t that. 
No 
He watches my face attentively. 
“But?” He waits for my reply. I stand up and move to look at a small water feature built into the wall. I keep my back to him. 
“But I can’t do this right now.” I tell him. I keep my voice calm, but it’s forced. I hear Bellamy stand and take a few steps until he’s next to me. I don’t turn to look at him. 
“What do you want?” His voice is a dull monotone. 
“I think I need to be alone for a bit.” Bellamy sighs. 
“I understand.” His voice cracks a little bit towards the end of his response. His empty tone breaks to reveal… disappointment maybe? It’s hard to be sure because I’ve never heard him 
sound this way before. I keep staring at the water flowing in front of me, even once he turns. and heads back inside. I feel absolutely dreadful. It’s not fair to Bellamy how I’m acting. But I am just not ready for this. You would think that knowing someone is your perfect match would make everything easier. But instead I’m too scared to even try because I know everything in my life will change. That’s the thing with relationships. Ultimately they end or they don’t and knowing that it won’t just end makes it daunting because somehow that person has to fit into your world and will bring their entire world with them. It’s a lot to deal with and it shouldn’t be rushed or both worlds will end up in shambles. I stand there in a 
daze and it’s not until a ‘flash of light nearby catches my eye that I move. I realise that there is a red thread floating past my head. I can’t see who it is coming from and it’s probably a bad idea to wander around in the dark searching for a lurker, so I follow the thread inside. It 
1/4 
43- Monotones and makeup 
heads straight to Tristan. So it’s that woman from before. I should tell Bellamy but I really don’t want to right now. I cautiously head back inside and fetch my clutch from where I left it at the table. I search the room until I find Darrien. He stands up from where he’s sitting as I approach. 
“Ryann? What’s wrong?” His expression is concerned. I wonder how I look right now, how freaked out I must seem to have him this worried. I shake my head. 
“I can’t right now. Will you drive me home please?” I am practically begging him. He hesitates and I know he’s thinking about how Bellamy will react. 
“I can’t deal with him right now. Please. I’ll text him that I’m going home and that with me. He can send whatever guards he wants. Just please, PLEASE take me home.” I plead. Darrien assesses me with a critical eye before nodding. 
you’re 
“Send the message.” He watches as I message Bellamy. 
Ryann- I need to be at home right now. Darrien is taking me. Tell Megan I’m sorry. 
I send the message, then remember than Tristan’s soul mate is lurking about somewhere. I send a follow up message. 
Ryann- Forgot to mention. Tristan’s real soul mate was lurking in the garden somewhere. 
Messages sent, Darrien offers me his arm and leads me out to the car. We’re halfway home when he responds. 
Bellamy- I understand. Aaron will meet you there and keep watch tonight. I will look into the 
woman. 
I’m relieved that he didn’t kick up a fuss. I let Darrien know that Aaron will be meeting us. Aaron didn’t go to the party and was closer to my house than we were. He beats us there and he and Darrien exchange serious, manly nods as Darrien leaves to return to the party. I invite Aaron in and he makes himself comfortable at my kitchen table. He doesn’t speak, just nods. his acceptance. I then flee to my room, change into my comfy unicorn pyjamas, and collapse into bed. I don’t bother to wash the glitter out my hair or take off my makeup. I just can’t bring myself to care right now. I’m glad Aaron is the one Bellamy sent to watch me. He’s so 
2/4 
43- Monotones and makeup 
quiet, he’s probably the only person who wouldn’t ask why I’m upset or tell anyone else about this. Bellamy probably planned it that way. I wonder if anyone saw us tonight, I really hope not. I suppose I should be glad that Bellamy didn’t do anything crazy when we e were in the middle of the dance floor. At the time, it felt like everyone was watching us, when I ran inside to find Darrien I barely looked up from the floor, worried to see what people thought. But thinking back, I’m not sure anyone noticed at all. Bellamy waited until everyone was distracted I guess. But does that mean he actually planned the… what he did? Or maybe it was a coincidence, or he decided to take advantage of the sort–of privacy. This is all just too much. Once again, I’m awake most of the night. It’s not until the early hours of the morning that I finally manage to fall into a restless sleep. 
A firm but polite knock at my bedroom door is what wakes me. I’m exhausted, my eyes hurt because I didn’t wash off my makeup, and I’m sure I have some serious raccoon eyes. With a groan I drag myself out of bed and open the door. Aaron hands me my phone which is vibrating. I must have left it out there before I went to bed last night. He nods and walks off. Still silent, is he mute? I’m starting to think he’s mute. A glance at the screen shows that Megan is calling. 
1 
“Hello?” 
“Ryann! Are you alright? You left without saying anything last night. Bellamy told me you said you were sorry but he wouldn’t say why you left.” Megan sounds concerned and I feel instantly guilty. 
“I’m sorry Megan. Bellamy probably didn’t know what to tell you. He’s the reason I left after all.” I admit. Megan practically growls into the phone. 
“What did he do now? Do I need to yell at him for something?” I smile at her offer. 
“No, no. Definitely not. He didn’t really do anything, it’s more my issue than anything else. I’m not really used to spending a lot of time with people. I’ll figure it all out.” Okay, so that was the most vague explanation ever. Thankfully, Megan doesn’t call me out on it. She’s still 
too busy stressing out. 
“I knew I shouldn’t have left you alone so much last night. I’m so sorry, this is all my fault. I should have paid more attention to you. I know you tend to fight with my brother and it’s not like you really knew many people. Are you mad at me?” I’m having flashbacks to Bellamy 
3/4 
43- Monotones and makeup 
asking the same thing last night. At times like this I can tell that they’re siblings. I sigh. 
“Don’t be crazy. It was your party, and I wasn’t your only guest. You spent the whole day with 
me, I can share you for an evening. There is no reason whatsoever for me to be mad at you, I promise.” 
###Chapter 44
44- Understanding and unsure 
“Great! Well in that case, want to come over for a bit? I thought we could look at some bridesmaid dresses and wedding dresses online and stuff. Search for inspiration.” Her sudden mood swings are giving me whiplash. I’m not awake enough to keep up with them. 
“Uh, yeah sure. Okay. I’ll need a bit, I need to wash my hair and stuff before I can come.” 
“You only just woke up didn’t you?” She accuses, her tone is amused though. 
“I thought you sounded half asleep. It’s already almost midday, time to get up sleeping 
beauty.” 
“What? That can’t be right? I feel like I haven’t slept at all. Maybe I’m coming down with something.” I slept terribly and I feel super tired even though I slept in late. Maybe I caught at bug. Or all the stress in recent days is finally catching up with me. 
“Maybe. If it makes you feel any better, you’re probably less of a mess than my brother is. I found him wandering the house at like five in the morning. I’m pretty sure he didn’t sleep again. He’s back in bed now but I’m not sure he’s actually sleeping, I swear I heard him answering phone calls in there. He seems pretty strung out. Maybe you’re both sick?” she 
suggests. 
“I hope not. If it’s something contagious I should probably stay away.” 
“Nah, if I was going to catch something from you or Bellamy I would have by now, I’m sure it’s fine. Come on over when you’re ready, kay?” 
‘Sure, I’ll see you soon.” 
“Seeya!” Megan hangs up and I set about having a nice, long, scorching hot shower. I don’t think I’ve ever needed it more. When I climb out the shower I groan, I STILL have raccoon eyes. I use the corner of my towel and a bit of water to wipe away as much as I can. I don’t have any makeup remover since I don’t tend to wear makeup often enough to need it. Whatever, Megan will have something I can use to get the rest later. Since I feel like crap I decide to stick to comfy track pants and a tank top. Basically, the bare minimum requirement 
1/4 
44- Understanding and unsure 
to be able to leave the house and not be totally embarrassed. I pull a brush through my hair but don’t worry about drying it. I’m just gonna chill with Megan, she won’t be bothered about my hair or clothes. I grab my phone and purse and head out to meet Aaron. 
“Hey, sorry I slept so late. Have you eaten?” Aaron shakes his head. Darn it, still not speaking. I phrase my next question more carefully. 
“Should we stop and get something to eat before heading to meet Megan? Or would you prefer to just wait and eat after you’ve dropped me off?” There, he has to answer that out loud, right? 
“I’ll drop you first.” His voice is low and soft. I know I set up the question so he had to respond, but part of me honestly didn’t expect him to answer. 
“You CAN talk!” He gives me a look that says ‘of course I can talk. and I laugh. 
“Well that’s the first time you’ve spoken out loud to me. Although we seem to get along just fine with me doing all the talking. So I guess it doesn’t matter all that much anyways. Shall we head off then?” Aaron nods, a small smile on his face. I take that to mean he isn’t offended or anything. I probably should have considered that before blurting out random thoughts. But oh well, what’s done is done. I quickly transfer my stuff from my clutch into my normal bag and grab my phone. We head out to Aaron’s car and he gets the door for me. With all these Shifter’s being so helpful all the time I’m going to forget how to operate a door. Or how to catch a bus. Since I figure Aaron is not going to be providing me with any kind of conversation, I pull my phone out to scroll through random internet stuff. Oops, I left it out. last night so it’s already only on twenty percent power. Well, whatever, who is going to call me anyway? Megan and Bellamy are the only ones who ever call, and I’ll be at their house……. oh no. I totally forgot that I might run into Bellamy. I mean it’s obvious, he and Megan live together, they’re siblings. I’m going to his house. But still, I don’t know that I’m ready to face him just yet. Maybe I should call Megan and cancel. I could ask Aaron to just take me back home. No, I’m being crazy. Megan said that Bellamy is locked in his room right now right? So all I have to do is get up to Megan’s room quietly. I’ll be staying there most of the day if I’m 
to him at all. Yeah, everything will be totally fine. We pull into the compound and I attempt to calm myself. So I might be freaking out just a little. Okay, deep breaths. Inhale, exhale and repeat. I climb out the car and work to keep myself composed. Still, I’m dragging my feet a little as we head up to the door. I am insanely nervous as the door swings open to reveal… Megan. I breath a sigh of relief. Megan gives me a curious look. Darn, was I too obvious? She doesn’t say anything but I can see her watching 
not mistaken. I doubt I’ll actually have to talk – 
2/4 
44- Understanding and unsure 
me as we make a quick lunch in the kitchen. Chicken sandwiches and apple juice, I didn’t realise I was so hungry but I’m suddenly starving. I’m just sitting and eating when Megan suddenly jumps to her feet. 
“What? What’s wrong?” I start to get up too but she pushes me back to my seat by the shoulder. 
“You stay here! Uum… I… Forgot.. I have to go and… oh, call Tristan. Yeah, I was meant to call him. Just wait here. I’ll be back in a couple minutes.” She dashes from the room. Just in time for Bellamy to arrive. Darn, she has apparently decided we need to talk things out. Not that she actually knows what’s wrong. It helps a little that Bellamy looks almost as uncomfortable as I do, and twice as tired. He also looks… incredibly depressed. At least he does for the few seconds it takes for him to compose himself. He steps into the kitchen and begins making himself a sandwich with the stuff Megan and I have yet to put away. His expression while he works is… pleasant, and so obviously fake. At least it’s obvious to me. I’ve seen his real smile, and this is not it. Guilt floods me, he isn’t upset because of last night is he? Maybe it’s just because he hasn’t really slept. Still, I have to say something. 
“Bellamy I-” he cuts me off. 
“Don’t worry about it. I understand perfectly.” His fake smile increases in brightness, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. What does he understand perfectly? I don’t even understand perfectly, so how can he? 
“I just really thought that… well it doesn’t matter. Everything will stay the way it was. Alright?” he looks to me for some kind of agreement. So he wants to pretend it didn’t happen? I guess I can work with that. For now at least, until the awkwardness passes a bit. I nod wordlessly. Bellamy smiles at me again, but it looks even more forced than before. 
“Right, well… I should… go.” He turns and walks straight out the kitchen. It takes me moment to realise that he left the sandwich he made behind on the bench. He didn’t eat any of it at all. Within seconds of Bellamy leaving, Megan reappears. Why did she have to leave 
me alone with him. Really it’s so NOT okay. 
“That was so not cool Megan Kane.” I glare at her. She pales a little. 
“I, I’m sorry. I just thought you guys should work out whatever argument you’re having. 
3/4 
44- Understanding and unsure 
Usually when you guys fight, you just talk it out.” She looks a bit like a kicked puppy, and now I feel like a jerk for being the one doing the kicking. I sigh and frown. 
“How do you know about us fighting and stuff anyway?” I demand. Megan shrugs. 
“I pay attention? Also I asked Darrien and Shaun. Shaun is a bit of a gossip and Darrien, well he was a bit more close lipped but he caved eventually.” Megan looks smug. The traitors. I’m not so surprised about Shaun, but I would have thought better of Darrien. Then again, I don’t think there’s much he could refuse Megan, so it’s probably to be expected. I am a little concerned about how much he’s told her though. Hopefully not too much, but she would have said something if she knows right? I sigh and give in. 
I am, 
“Look, Bellamy and I aren’t fighting anymore, it’s fine. It’s just a little awkward at the moment. It’ll pass. Don’t worry about it. Now, what about these dresses you were thinking about?” Okay, my subject changing is not subtle. Megan rolls her eyes at how not subtle I but allows the topic change. We head up to her room and curl up on her bed with her laptop and spend the next few hours looking at dresses online before we move on to watching wedding themed movies. For research purposes of course. 
###Chapter 45
45- Tears and truth 
Next time I check my phone it’s basically flat so I plug it in to Megan’s charger. It’s after six in the evening. 
“I should probably get going soon.” I inform her with a frown. I’m enjoying myself, I don’t particularly want to go home and sit around by myself. It leaves too much time for thinking. Megan grins at me. 
“You look like you’d rather stay.” 
“I would.” I admit. She shrugs. 
“So stay then. We can have a sleepover.” She is suddenly excited, her excitement is 
contagious. 
“I’d love to!” I bounce back onto her bed and she laughs as I almost fall off again. It takes a few minutes for her to calm down enough to be able to speak again. 
“So, I was wondering something…” I start. She nods for me to continue. 
“Tristan, I don’t know a lot about him, and you don’t really talk about him all that much. What’s he like?” I am actually curious what he seems like to her, because to me he just seems creepy. Megan smiles. 
“He’s perfect. He always says the right thing and we never fight or disagree about anything.” she answers with a sappy sigh at the end. I resist the desire to frown. Never disagree? Everyone disagrees about things sometimes? Life would be a bit boring if we didn’t. I guess Tristan is telling Megan everything she wants to hear. 
“Huh, that’s nice I guess.” I tell her casually, hoping she can’t sense my insincerity. 
‘So, now it’s my turn to ask a question. How’s the hunt for Bellamy’s future mate going?” she asks casually. I have to fight not to react. Why is she asking about that NOW? I shrug. 
“Nothing has changed.” I answer vaguely. Megan raises an eyebrow. 
1/5 
45- Tears and truth 
“Really? Are you sure? You haven’t found her yet?” I shake 
my head. 
“I haven’t found her.” I try not to cringe. I was hoping to avoid outright lying to Megan, but it’s hard to do when she’s being so direct. 
“You really haven’t found her? Practically every female feline Shifter in town was at my engagement party. So it’s odd that you didn’t pick up anything.” She continues. I shrug. 
“It’s very weird, maybe you need to look harder? Or maybe we should invite over some Shifters from other cities?” She suggests. I’ve been trying to stay calm but I lose control. 
“Would you just STOP! I haven’t found her. I don’t know if I’ll ever find her. But there’s no need to rush fate!” By the end of my sentence I’m almost yelling. Megan crosses her arms over her chest. 
“You don’t know if you’ll ever find her? That seems like a lie to me Ry because as far as I can tell you already have!” She snaps back. I stare at her in shock. 
“I… what do you mean?” I ask nervously. She can’t have figured it out. Please don’t let her have figured it out. Megan rolls her eyes. 
“I’m not blind Ry, nor am I stupid. I can see the signs as well as anyone else. What I want to know is why you’re denying it.” I sigh, okay so she figured it out. I guess I’m going to have to 
have this conversation. 
“I’m not refusing anything. Your signs are unreliable. We barely even get along most of the 
time, we fight constantly.” I argue. Megan waves a hand dismissing my argument. 
“You get along fine, you argue because my brother isn’t used to being around people who actually stand up to him and you aren’t used to having people care what you’re doing. Not to mention neither of you are used to being so open.” Her voice is firm and leaves no space for 
debate. 
“But 1-” I start but Megan doesn’t let me finish. 
“Ryann Gale, stop lying to me. Am I your friend or not?” she demands. 
2/5 
45- Tears and truth 
“Of course you’re my friend.” I assure her. She nods, pleased. 
“Good, so tell me the truth. Are yo 
my brother’s mate?” I can feel her eyes on me, but I keep staring at my own hands. I can’t bring myself to look up as I respond. I can’t lie to her anymore. Not without losing her. Or at the very least losing her trust. 
“Yes, we’re fated.” I whisper. Megan and I both jump as her bedroom swings open with a bang as it hits the wall. I whirl around to see Bellamy. He is standing in the doorway and his expression is hard and unreadable. Did he just hear that? His expression, along with the fact that it isn’t common practice to slam doors for no reason, tells me he must have. This is so very, very bad. He wasn’t supposed to find out like this. I search his face, he does not look impressed. In fact he seems horrified. I can’t seem to move. I can’t even breathe. Bellamy just continues to stare at me. Then, without saying a word, he turns and slams the door behind. him. I can hear his steps as he heads downstairs. I stare at the door. Megan recovers from the shock before I do. 
“What are you doing? Go after him!” She pushes me slightly, encouraging me to get off the bed. I shake my head. 
“I can’t.” I whisper. I’m shaking from head to toe. I can’t possibly face him now. That wasn’t the look of someone who was happy to hear I’m his soulmate. In fact if I had to guess I would put his expression closer towards hatred than anything else. He hates me. I know we’re fated to be together, but I can’t face him like this. The sound of a car outside tells me that Bellamy has left the building. It’s too late for me to follow now anyway. I still can’t seem to move. 
“Oh Ryann, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know he was there. I swear.” Megan moves to wipe tears. away from my face. I’m crying? I didn’t notice. 
“How did you know? What gave it away?” I ask her. It’s too late now to hide anything, but I need to know what gave me away. Megan gives me a sad smile. 
“I’ve known the whole time. It’s partly why I started treating you as a sister. No one else. fights with him like you do. He’s always happier when you’re around and he’s incredibly worried about you when you aren’t nearby. What really confirmed it for me though is that he’s stopped sleeping. He spent a couple evenings with you and now he can’t seem to sleep without you. He’s never had that problem before. You’re the same, although you seem to be getting on a little better. Probably because you aren’t a Shifter.” I choke back a sob. 
3/5 
45- Tears and truth 
“He was a jerk to me at first, so I didn’t say anything. Then it was too late. I couldn’t say. anything. I didn’t want to ruin everything by trying to rush fate. What if he was horrified? Or worse, went along with it because he needs a mate to make the Alphas happy or because he feels obligated to me somehow. And I don’t even know how I feel. It’s all just happened too fast.” I’m completely bawling at this point. Megan has her arms around me as I hide. my 
face 
in her shoulder. 
“Oh sweetie, he would never.” I cry even harder. 
“How can you say that? You saw what just happened. He hates me.” Megan falls silent. She doesn’t know what to say to that. I take a deep breath and pull away. 
“I should head home.” I hold up a hand when she tries to . 
“He lives here, I’m not going to chase him away from his own home. I’ll ask Darrien to take me.” Megan looks unhappy but agrees. I dial Darrien’s phone. He answers almost immediately. 
“Darrien?” I sniffle. 
“I’m in Megan’s room right now. Can you take me home? I need to leave right now.” I can feel the tears coming again. 
“I’ll be there in two minutes. Come downstairs.” He hangs up. I grab my stuff and make my way down the stairs. Megan follows behind me, worried. The front door swings open and Darrien takes one look at me before stepping forward and pulling me into a tight hug. It’s sweet of him, especially considering how he usually avoids them. 
“What happened?” He asks. I’m already crying again. 
“Bellamy found out.” 
“I made her admit it to me. I didn’t know he was listening.” Megan sounds guilty. I can’t bring myself to reassure her right now. Part of me blames her still. Darrien strokes my hair gently. 
“Wait… you knew?” Megan seems impressed. I can feel Darrien shrug. 
4/5 
45- Tears and truth 
“The signs were there.” Is all he says. I pull myself away from him. 
“Can we go please?” I half beg. He nods and leads me out to his car. Megan hugs me tightly. before I climb into the passenger seat. As Darrien starts the car, I wind down the window. 
“Call Bellamy and tell him I’ve gone home.” I mumble. Megan nods her agreement and we drive away into the night. 
###Chapter 46
46- Home and hot chocolates 
When we reach my home, Darrien moves to the kitchen and starts going through my cupboards. 
“Go change into one of those fuzzy unicorn things.” He orders. I nod and head to my room to change. I’ve finally stopped crying. Now I just feel empty. I move around like a zombie as I throw on my pyjamas. When I head back out, Darrien sits me down at one of the chairs at my 
tiny little table and hands me a hot chocolate. So that’s what he was looking for. He settle down in the chair across from me with his own mug. 
“I know you weren’t ready to tell him, and he probably was a little annoyed to overhear that he’s your mate. I’m sure he would have preferred if you had told him directly. But none of that explains why you’re crying like it’s the end of the world. What happened? This is two nights in a row I’ve had to drive you home in a hurry.” Darrien keeps his tone gentle. Still, it seems pretty clear that he has no intention of leaving me alone until I fill him in a little. 
“He overheard me talking to Megan. He looked so upset. Like this was the worst news he could possibly get. He hates me, I’m sure of it.” I lean my forehead onto my arms and hide my face against the table. 
“Well that can’t be right.” Darrien states firmly. 
“You have to be misunderstanding something. There’s no way that he hates you, in fact I’m pretty sure that’s the farthest thing from what he feels for you.” 
“He slammed the door and drove away.” I mumble into my own arm. Darrien sighs. 
“Maybe he just needs time to think. Maybe you both do. Why don’t you go lie down? I’m sure things will look up a bit in the morning.” I can’t even be bothered arguing. I trudge along to my room where I collapse into bed. I’m still exhausted, but I can’t seem to sleep. I stare at the ceiling for at least a couple hours before I hear Darrien’s voice outside my door. Is someone here? I listen harder. No, I think he must be on the phone. I can only hear him. 
“I think she’s asleep.” Okay so he’s talking about me. 
1/4 
46- Home and hot chocolates 
“Of course I’ll stay.” A pause. 
“Yes I knew.” He mutters. 
“A few days ago.” Another moment of silence. 
“Yes exactly.” 
“With all due respect that’s probably something you should ask her.” Darrien sighs. 
“I understand that, but she’s my Alpha too.” I cringe at that. When did Darrien decide on that? 
“Look, from what I can tell, she’s confused.” 
“What do I think? Well… If you aren’t prepared to come here, I suggest you go home. Talk to your sister.” 
“Good. Okay, so Shaun will be here in the morning? Okay, that works. Yep.” 
“Good evening Alpha Kane.” He states formally, than after a slight hesitation adds; 
“And good luck with… everything. Please let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.” 
Darrien must have hung up after that because he falls silent. Why did Bellamy call? To make sure I was gone so he could go home I suppose. It’s good that I left. I stare at the ceiling all night. I watch as the first bit of sunlight starts to peek through my curtains and listen as the birds wake up. It’s a long night and I’m sure there will be many more to follow. 
I climb out of bed, shower and get dressed on autopilot. I didn’t sleep but I don’t think that’s likely to change anytime soon so I figure I had best get on with my day. I have the afternoon shift at work and I need to make sure I’m ready. It’s only about 6:30 am so I dress in comfy clothes. I’ll change into my work stuff later. I step out into the living area and Darrien immediately stands from the table where he appeared to be sort of dozing. At least one of us 
got to rest. 
“Good morning Ryann… how are you?” His tone is cautious, like he is fairly sure he is asking 
2/4 
46- Home and hot chocolates 
a stupid question. He’s probably right. It is a stupid question. I just shrug. 
“Do you want something to eat?” He offers. I shake my head. Definitely not hungry. My stomach rebels at the thought of food. I already feel a bit ill even without eating. Darrien hesitates before his next word 
“He called last night. Shaun should be here any time to take over. Aaron will be coming in the evening.” Darrien doesn’t even bother clarifying who he is. It’s not like it’s not obvious. I nod my acceptance. I’m so tired, just responding seems like too much effort. Darrien looks really worried. 
“You know he’s worried about you.” I can’t help but sport at that. Darrien raises an eyebrow. 
“You disagree? He’s upset and he still called to make sure you’re okay and arranged guards for you.” I shrug. 
“He feels responsible since I was attacked because of him.” I mutter. Darrien looks almost relieved that I answered him. I guess my silence freaks him out, 
“I don’t think that’s true. You should try and talk to him, figure things out.” I shake my head. 
“Just drop it Darrien, I’m not even sure I can or want to figure things out and I’m positive that he doesn’t.” Darrien opens his mouth to but I hold up a hand. 
“Don’t. Just don’t. I’m not talking about this. I have work today and I should do some laundry. Let me know when Shaun arrives.” I turn and head back to my room. I pause in the doorway. when Darrien speaks, he sounds defeated. 
“Call Megan at least. She’s worried about you.” I nod and head into my room, closing the door behind me. I call Megan. She answers the phone without a greeting, 
“What can I do to help you?” is the first thing she says, before I can even speak. 
“Nothing Megan. We just leave it. You shouldn’t mess with fate. Bellamy found out and look what happened. That was without me actively trying to interfere. The best thing I can do is leave him alone. It’s not our time yet.” I work to keep my voice calm, but it sounds almost 
monotonous, even to my own cars. 
3/4 
46 Home and hot chocolates 
“But, you’re miserable, he’s miserable. I can’t just do nothing.” She s. 
“You can and you will. Besides, you have a wedding to keep yourself occupied. I won’t be coming round for a while. If you need to see me we can meet up or you can come here if your 
like.” 
“Can I come now?” 
“I have work later, and I need to do laundry. I’ll see you later. I should go. Bye Megan.” Without giving her a chance to respond, I hang up. I don’t do laundry. In fact I don’t go do anything. I just stare at nothing in particular. I hear Darrien knock and tell me Shaun has arrived. I call out that I heard him and I hear him leave. Eventually I get dressed for work and 
have Shaun drive me. 
###Chapter 47
47- Forts and fallouts 
The next three months continue in this fashion. Megan and Darrien continue to visit me and I continue to live on autopilot. I lose weight because I can’t seem to eat or sleep properly. I’m working more than ever. It helps to stay busy. It means less time staring at the wall. I still help Megan with wedding stuff but my enthusiasm is even more false than it was before. Still, the wedding plans continue to progress. Maggie messages me on multiple occasions inviting me to stop by. I make excuses every time. I haven’t cried since that day and I don’t intend to cry again. I haven’t seen or heard from Bellamy either, although Megan and Darrien insist that he has been checking in with my guards regularly. That actually makes things worse. If he wants to talk to me all he has to do is call, or come see me. Instead he’s spying on me from a distance getting reports from others. It only confirms that he has no interest in actually seeing me. Darrien suggested I should go see him. But if he is avoiding me then I won’t force my presence on him. Occasionally I emerge from my spiral of depression long enough to be angry. HE was the one who ran away when he heard the truth. Am I really so awful that he couldn’t stop to talk about it at least? Two more weeks have passed when I run into Maggie downstairs. I have been avoiding her but I do live just above her so I was bound to run into her eventually. I’m just coming back from an afternoon shift at work and I don’t make it up the stairs before she sees me. I thought she would be heading to bed by now. Tomorrow is the day of Megan’s wedding and I’m already anxious enough as it is. I don’t think I can pretend very well tonight. 
“Ryann, come inside for a moment.” She calls out. I shake my head and put on a false smile. 
“I can’t Maggie, I have things that I need to get done.” I lie. She rolls her eyes at me. 
“Sweetheart I wasn’t really asking. Come inside for a cup of tea, something’s up and we need. to talk about it.” I shake my head again. 
“I can’t talk about it Maggie. Not with you. You know all the people involved, it would feel wrong.” I admit. I don’t want Maggie to think poorly of me, or Bellamy or anyone really. She’s too trusting and I don’t want to poison her opinion with my current bitterness. She puts her hands on her hips and glares at me. 
“If you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine. But you need to talk to someone, Ryann. You’re clearly miserable. Find someone to talk to. Promise me.” She stares at me, she even meets my eyes for a moment. She doesn’t hold them, but I didn’t expect her to. The fact that she tried 
1/4 
shows me bow serious she is She is worried about me. I feel instantly guilty. Maggie is the closest thing to a mother I have ever had, I don’t like upsetting her. 
“Ill talk to someone.” I promise. I then flee back upstairs and hide in my room. I take my promises serioush, so now I have to talk. But to who? It needs to be someone I know well enough to talk to, someone who might understand why I can’t trust so well. It has to be someone who knows about my magic. It also has to be someone who won’t talk to Bellamy, or Megan, or Darrien or my guards, or basically anyone else. Inspiration strikes, but only if I still have the number. I grab my phone and search it frantically, YES! It’s still here. The card Harrison gave me. We’ve known each other since we were kids, he knows about my magic, he was there when I was figuring it out. He would never have a reason to talk to Bellamy or any of the other Shifters. He has no stake in any of this so he should be a good second opinion. I also remember from when we were kids, he’s actually not a bad listener, when he does decide to listen that is. He’s also an orphan like me, so he might understand my issues a bit at least. Having to cut contact with him was one of the most miserable parts of my childhood. But Inncubi don’t really have friends when they’re teenagers. Their magics kick in and they become less than ideal company. Theoretically they grow out of that initial stage of lust driven idiocy and Harrison certainly seemed more like his old self when I saw him earlier. I feel like I’m trying to justify this to myself, but there’s really no question. I already know I’ve made my decision about who I want to talk to. I take a bit of time and figure out an appropriate invite for him. It’s not a good idea to give an Incubus any false expectations, love the chase entirely too much. Which is basically why I stopped being friends with Harrison when we approached our teenage years. While I do believe that he is far too good a guy to abuse any of his magics, I don’t think he would have handled being constantly rejected by me well. I stare at the words I’ve typed out and hit send before I can change my mind. 
they 
Ryann- Hi Harry, this is Ryann. Do you remember when we were kids and we used to watch cartoons together in that blanket fort we built and we would share our secrets? I was hoping you might want to come round and we can do that. Talk that is. It’s okay if you don’t want to. 
I get a response almost immediately. 
Harrison- When?  
Ryann- Now? 
Harrison- I can do now, you better start getting supplies out for that fort we’re building. What’s your address? 
2/4 
I smile, my first proper smile in weeks that isn’t forced because someone is watching me. Maybe a little bit of good can come out of this mess. It will be nice to have Harrison as a friend again. I send him my address. Next I head to my room and grab all the blankets and sheets off my bed. I also grab a few armfuls of pillows and dump them in the living area. I pull out my laptop and charger and stick them on the table. It takes me about fifteen minutes to get everything and I am just debating if we will need to make a run to get some snacks when a scuffle outside my door draws my attention. I can hear Harrison speaking. 
“Hey man, what the hell? Let me go!” He sounds annoyed. Oh shoot, I forgot to warn Aaron that he would be coming. Aaron insists on spending most of the evening outside when he guards me. He says it’s so he can keep an eye out for dangers but I think it’s so he can avoid me trying to convince him to talk again. He usually comes inside around midnight. I don’t know what he does after that, stares out the window I suppose, he is very dedicated to his job. I rush over and fling the front door open. Aaron has a firm grip on Harrison’s arm and is glaring at him. 
“Aaron, he’s my friend. I invited him. Let him go!” I insist. Aaron turns and stares at me incredulously. 
“An Incubus?” His tone implies I am insane. 
“Let him go Aaron. Now.” I meet his eyes. He drops them after only half a second and immediately releases Harrison. His expression is a clear question. Why do you have to make my life harder than it has to be? He reaches for his pocket. I can tell he’s trying to be subtle. I roll my eyes at him. 
“Go on, go ahead. Tell your Alpha everything just like you always do.” 
“He won’t like this.” he murmurs. I turn to Harrison. He’s settled down now and actually looks 
a little amused. 
“Sorry about that, let’s head inside.” I gesture for him to lead the way. I follow Harrison in but 
turn to make sure that Aaron doesn’t follow us. His expression darkens. 
“I have company Aaron, Bellamy may insist that I still need a guard and I can put up with that, but I know you report on everything I do, so I’m sorry but you will have to stay outside until Harry heads home.” I close the door on his unimpressed face. Harrison immediately 
3/4 
begins howling with laughter. 
“Oh Ry, you really haven’t changed.” He states when he finally gets ahold of himself. 
“What do you mean?” 1 ask, confused. 
“Everyone thinks you’re so quiet and obedient, and you are most of the time. But as soon as you decide on something there’s no going against you.” Harrison grins. I stare at him and my eyes start to water a little. This, this is what I needed. Someone who knows me well. Megan is amazing and I know she is and will be my friend forever and that is amazing. I know that, given time, she will know me better than anyone else. But we aren’t there yet. She’s my best. friend, but in many ways she is still a stranger to me. Harrison notices my reaction and with at gentle smile he opens his arms wide in the universal gesture for ‘hug?‘ Unable to stop 
myself 
I dart forward and wrap my arms around him. He hugs me back as I fight the urge to cry. I pull away after only a few seconds and he releases me easily. I’m not sure I’m ready to talk 
vet. 
So, are we gonna build a fort then?” I force cheer into my voice. 
###Chapter 48
48- Cartoons and considerations 
Harrison obviously isn’t buying it, but he doesn’t need to, he just has to cooperate. Which he does. We start to rearrange my living area. Soon the table is up against the bench with the chairs in front of it. Blankets cover everything. The back of the bench has become the back wall of our fort. The table is the roof and the chairs mark the entryway. We stuff it full of pillows to make it comfy and make sure the charger for my laptop can reach a power point so it won’t go flat on us. There aren’t any lights inside the fort other than the laptop, but the lights in the living area are still on which provides a tiny bit of light through the fabric of the thinner blankets. There isn’t a lot of space, but Harrison and I can fit even though we are a little squished together. It’s comfortable enough. We’re just starting our second episode of Courage the Cowardly Dog when my phone starts ringing. I ignore it. I don’t want to deal with people right now, whoever it is can wait. As soon as the call goes to messages it starts ringing again. The third time this happens I cave. I pick up the phone and check the screen. Megan. It’s 10:30pm what does she want that’s so urgent? With a sigh, I answer the phone. Harrison pauses the cartoon. He doesn’t even pretend that he isn’t going to listen in to my 
conversation. 
“Megan, what’s wrong?” 
“My brother is going crazy and nothing makes him as crazy as you do. Where are you right. now?” she demands. Well I guess Aaron did call him then. 
“I’m at home.” I answer her honestly, but she can tell that there’s more to it than that. 
“And?” 
“And I have a friend over?” Megan groans. 
CL 
“Is this friend a guy?” She questions. 
“Yeah…” I trail off. Her groan is even louder this time. 
“That explains a lot. You have a guy over in the middle of the night. Wait, who is it? Is he a 
Shifter?” she asks. 
1/4 
48- Cartoons and considerations 
“No.” 
“Someone from your work? A human?” she continues. 
“No, a childhood friend. He’s an Incubus.” I admit. She falls silent on the other end for a good thirty seconds. 
“You invited an Incubus into your home, alone, in the middle of the night?” she sounds. somewhat horrified. I roll my eyes at the evil grin Harrison is giving me. I don’t think he minds that Incubii have a bad reputation at all, in fact I think he rather enjoys it. 
“Yes, I did. He’s my friend.” I answer defensively. Megan backtracks quickly. 
“Oh, I get it, and it’s fine, great even. But Ryann, you can’t have thought Bellamy would react 
well to this.” she points out. 
“I can’t live my life around what makes Bellamy most comfortable. Besides, he met Harry briefly once before. We’ve already had this argument.” Megan sighs. 
“I get it Ry, but seriously. You’re driving him crazy.” 
“I seriously doubt that’s the problem. He’s probably just annoyed that I’m making it difficult for my guards again since he has deemed himself personally responsible for my safety.” I argue. I can practically feel Megan roll her eyes. She insists that Bellamy cares about me a lot. more than he actually does. But he can’t. Because if he cared he would have come to talk by now. He did the other times we fought. So clearly something has changed. 
“And are you safe Ry?” Megan checks. I have to repress a laugh. Harrison snatches the phone from my hands as I cover my mouth to attempt to hide my amusement. 
“Hey there, friend of Ryann. I can assure you that Ryann has absolutely nothing to fear from me. You can tell the Alpha kitty cat to stand down. I think we were probably only seven years 
old when she told me in no uncertain terms that I would never have a chance with her 
because fate said so. Can’t argue with that, now can I?” I lean in closer so I can hear Megan’s 
reply. 
“That does sound like her.” she agrees. 
2/4 
48- Cartoons and considerations 
“I know, always unavailable.” He sighs, then smirks. His tone swaps to one of seduction. 
“What about you then? Are you available?” I smack him on the arm. 
“She isn’t for you Harry. Keep your charm to yourself.” I warn. He shrugs. 
“Had to try Ry, backing off now.” I can hear Megan laughing through the phone. I take it back from Harry. 
“Sorry about him. Everything is fine here as you can tell. We built a blanket fort and now 
we’re watching cartoons. I’ll see you tomorrow for hair and makeup alright?” 
“Yes definitely! 7:00 am sharp. I can’t believe tomorrow is my wedding!” 
“Um, yeah. It’s definitely come quick. I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Bye.” 
“Seeya!” She hangs up and I lean back against my pillows with a sigh. Bellamy clearly hasn’t managed to make much progress in stopping Megan’s wedding. It’s getting entirely too close. 
I’m really not sure what to do at this point. 
smy 
“You gonna tell me about it?” Harrison interrupts my contemplation. I hesitate and he rolls 
his eyes. 
“Ry, you invited me over to talk. Obviously, this is what you need to talk about. I haven’t been a good friend to you in years. Or a friend at all really. I was mad at you for a while when you started avoiding me, but looking back I can now see it was probably my own fault. It’s only in the last year or so that I’ve realised all the people I was close to before are gone and that I barely even noticed the distance. Running into you was perfect. I’ve been wanting to get in touch again but had no idea how. It took ages for you to finally message me so whatever this is has to be important. Talk to me.” Unable to avoid it any longer, I start. I tell him everything. About meeting Bellamy about my ties to him and Megan. I tell him about Tristan and Darrien and how 
Harry looks conting is screwed up. By the time I finish talking I’m crying again. 
“What do I do Harry? Everything is so wrong.” Harry crosses his arms over his chest. 
“I don’t think you need me to tell you what needs to be done. The truth is hard but it’s the 
3/4 
Cartoons and considerations 
only way to clear up this mess. Tell Megan about her ties, let her make the decision about Tristan herself, with all the information. Talk to Bellamy, tell him what you actually think of him. Tell him why you didn’t tell him earlier. Tell him why you’re so scared. Answer any questions be has for you. He’s your fate remember? You don’t need to worry about scaring him off because you know it’s got to work out eventually. You are going to have to have a conversation with him eventually. There’s no point in delaying it if it’s just making you erable. You need to stop sitting around and waiting for fate to do all the work.” 
I shake my head. 
“But it’s wrong to interfere with fate. It never turns out well.” I argue. Harrison sighs. 
“Ry, the fact that you know your fate already influences how it is going to turn out. If this fate of yours is so all knowing, surely it can account for the fact that you know about it. It can’t expect you to pretend you know nothing. Even if you do interfere, fate will still come to pass. What are you so worried about? Making things worse? I hate to break it to you, but things are already pretty bad. At this point I think interfering is more of a calculated risk. Something needs to change, so change the only thing you can control. Yourself.” 
“I’m not sure I can change so easily.” I tell him in a small voice. 
“When did I ever say it would be easy? Changing is hard. I’ve spent the last year trying to change and it is hard Ry. So hard. But look at my reward.” he waves his arms around himself. 
“I have you back in my life. Consider this. Is the reward worth it?” His part said, Harrison turns and hits play on the all but forgotten cartoon. 
###Chapter 49
49- Decisions and determination 
I’m not really watching, and I know that he is only watching to give me time to think. Time to sort through the rush of emotions I’m feeling. Can I really tell Megan the truth about her ties? Should I? From the very beginning that was my plan. I wrote her that note. It wasn’t until I met her and became her friend that I began to worry she would resent my interference. or choose Tristan over me. But didn’t I promise myself I was going to be the best friend she ever had? Would a good friend really let her go through with this marriage? As for Bellamy.. well, he does deserve the truth from me. The problem is I really don’t know how to give it. What truth is it that he needs to hear? If I start at the wrong place he will probably run and avoid me, or it will turn into a fight. I can feel my heart rate increase at the thought of having to face Bellamy properly. I don’t know if I’m ready yet. I take a deep breath to calm myself. I don’t need to do anything right this second, I can take some time to think. But Harry is right. I should try and be more honest. I’ve spent so long hiding, never sharing, never trusting. It doesn’t come naturally to me, but I need to change. If Megan and Bellamy are my prize at the immediately, but that doesn’t mean I shouldn’t try. A feeling of determination comes over me. I need to do this. I’ll talk to Megan tomorrow, before it’s too late. 
end then I think I can do it. I probably won’t get it Sht 
My decision made, tension drains from me and the exhaustion that has been building inside me for months now hits me like a sledgehammer. Harrison notices the change in me. 
“So you’ve made up your mind then?” I nod and he gives me a satisfied smile. 
“Then my work here is done, you look half–dead. I should leave so you can get some sleep. 
But call me if you need anything okay? And let me know how everything goes. I’m going to worry about you until I know you’ve sorted things out.” I nod tiredly and follow as Harrison. crawls out of the fort. I walk him the few steps it takes to reach the front door and open it to 
let him out. Aaron immediately turns and looks us both over suspiciously. Harrison notices the look and a devious glint flashes in his eyes. He pulls me into a hug which I return. He releases me and heads for the stairs, calling out as he leaves. 
“Thank you so much for your company this evening Ryann darling. It’s been wonderful. We’ll have to do this again sometime.” Okay so that comment was clearly for Aaron’s benefit rather than mine. I roll my Aaron’s eyes look like they’re going to fall out his skull they’re so 
wide. He pulls out his phone again. I shake my head. 
eves. 
1/4 
“If you have to be all creepy and report my actions, at least make sure you get the details right. My childhood friend came over, watched some cartoons, chatted for a while and went 
home.” My piece said, I head back inside and crawl into my blanket fort. Since all my bedding is basically here already, I think I’ll just sleep here tonight. I can hear Aaron enter the house and lock the door. He settles down on the floor outside my fort. I set my alarm and snuggle into my pillows. Sleep comes to me easier than it has in months. I’m still restless and wake several times throughout the night, but I manage to get back to sleep each time. 
When my alarm goes off at 6am I jump up. I woke up about thirty minutes ago and didn’t really go 
back to sleep. I’m still exhausted, but my nervousness is cutting through the tiredness, keeping me awake. I crawl out of my fort. My back and neck are a little sore from sleeping on the ground. Sure, I had pillows but a few of them seem to have shifted as I slept which resulted in me being half on the floor. Oh well, that’s the price I pay for sleeping in a fort I suppose. Aaron is stirring from where he is sitting up against the wall. How odd, usually he is up and moving long before me. I dash to my room and make a beeline for the shower. I get myself cleaned up and throw on a pair of leggings and a tank top. Megan arranged for some professional to do hair and makeup for both of us today, so I’m not too worried about how I look. I just need to be clean. I still feel very nervous and kinda sick to my stomach because of it, but a trickle of excitement is sneaking through. Today I am going to talk to Megan. Something will change. I don’t know if it will go well or if it will be terrible, but at least it will be different than the loop of work and sleepless nights I’ve locked myself into. My gut wrenches when I realise I am going to have to see Bellamy today, he’s going to be at Megan’s wedding after all. I haven’t seen him since I watched him walk out of Megan’s room that night. I was going to make myself some breakfast but the idea of food suddenly makes me feel dreadful. I think I’ll skip eating this morning, maybe I’ll snack once I reach Megan’s house. Again, I could run into Bellamy there. I haven’t been there since that night either. I decide that if I delay another twenty minutes so I arrive at seven I am just going to spend that twenty minutes making myself miserable. I may as well head off early. I doubt Megan is sleeping. I head out to the living area with my bag and phone and Aaron gets the idea. He grabs his keys and we head out. At the bottom of the stairs I notice a light is on in Maggie’s kitchen. It’s so like her to be awake before the sun is, although it’s getting bright out now, I’m sure she’s been up for a while. I change directions and head towards her front door. Aaron gives me yet another of his silent nods that somehow replace entire conversations. I knock and the door swings open after only a few seconds. Maggie looks surprised. 
“You’re up early I-” I cut her off by throwing myself at her in a hug. 
“I’m really sorry for how I’ve been acting.” I whisper. I know she is technically just my 
2/4 
landlady, but more and more 1 begin to think of her as something of a mother figure, I’ve never had one before and I didn’t realise how much I’ve been missing her until I saw her kitchen light this morning. I’ve spent the last few months avoiding life and everything that makes me feel like I’m living it. Maggie wraps me in a warm hug. 
“Are you okay now?” she asks. I shake my head against her. 
“No, but I’m not going to sit around and wait for things to fix themselves anymore.” Maggie pulls back and assesses my face. She seems happy enough with what she sees there and nods. 
“Good.” Reluctantly I step away. 
“I have to go, but… maybe I could stop by for tea this week?” I ask tentatively. Maggie gives me a grin. 
“Anytime sweetie.” I nod and turn back to Aaron who looks uncomfortable. I don’t think he likes emotional talks and discussions. See, I really almost did him a favour by not letting him listen to Harry and I talking last night. I really doubt he sees it that way. I’m really not sure what he thinks of me. I know Shaun is my friend, he talks to me, or at least has been attempting to while I’ve been all miserable. But Aaron is so reserved. I always feel like he knows more about what’s going on than almost everyone else. I suppose that happens when you listen without interrupting. In the car I pull out my phone. I plan to text Megan that. we’re on our way and maybe message Harry for some moral support. I nearly jump out of my seat when Aaron’s deep, quiet voice sounds from beside me. 
“Finally done sulking?” He asks. I turn and raise an eyebrow. He is watching me from the corner of his eye. I’m a little confused. Is my behaviour this morning really that different? 
“Are you going to talk to Alpha Kane?” He clarifies. My heart rate increases at his question. I am still absolutely terrified at the thought. I force myself to respond. 
“I… I’ll start by talking to Megan. Properly talking to Megan. I need to talk to Bellamy too, I know, but…” I trail off. Aaron nods. 
“His pride might not let him admit it, but he wants to talk to you.” I give Aaron a small smile. Megan, Darrien and even Shaun have been telling me that same thing for months. But for the first time I think I might actually believe it. Aaron wouldn’t tell me anything just to make me 
3/4 
49–Decisions and determination 
feel better. He hasn’t before this, and I doubt he ever will. It bothered me up until now, but 
suddenly I appreciate it. He isn’t trying to comfort me, he is just telling me what he genuinely. 
thinks. 
###Chapter 50
50- Challenging and comfortable 
I glance out the window as we arrive at the compound. It’s very active for this early in the morning. It’s because of the wedding I suppose. It’s taking place in the meeting hall. It wouldn’t have been big enough for the engagement party, there were too many guests. But the wedding itself is limited to just the people closest to Megan which pretty much means the Shifters in the compound and me. Aaron parks the car and opens my door. I take his arm and when we reach the front door I give him a quick hug. 
“Thank you Aaron.” I whisper. He nods. I knock on the door and am stunned when Bellamy opens it. We are both frozen. He is staring at me, I’m not sure what he’s seeing but I sort of wish that I had dried my hair before leaving home, or put on a little concealer at least. I’m staring at him too. He looks different. There are dark shadows under his eyes that weren’t there before. He looks so exhausted he must not be sleeping. He’s lost weight, making his cheekbones seem more prominent. His eyes are dull and his hair has grown a little, the fringe falling across his eyes. He’s wearing grey sweatpants and a black t–shirt which it looks like he slept in. Or maybe more like, wore for bed but didn’t actually sleep. The car starting behind me reminds me that I can’t just stand here all day. It doesn’t seem to have the same effect on Bellamy however as he is still staring at me like he’s seeing a ghost or something. I decide I need to do something to break the silence. I blurt out the first thing I think of. 
“I’m going to tell Megan today. The truth, all of it. You wanted evidence so she wouldn’t have to choose, but we haven’t found it. So now she’s going to have to choose and I can’t let her do that without all the information.” Bellamy’s expression is sad, but he nods his consent and finally steps aside, allowing me entrance to their home. I head straight upstairs to see Megan. I knock on her bedroom door and she swings it open and practically pounces on me in a hug. 
“You’re early!” her tone is surprised, which is probably fair given my hatred of mornings and my recent lack of enthusiasm. I shrug. Looking around I’m surprised to find that we aren’t alone. A Shifter lady who looks to be in her early forties is sorting through a collection of bags she has placed on Megan’s bed. I falter a little bit. I don’t think my conversation with Megan is something to share with just anyone. Maybe I should wait until this woman leaves. She seems to be here for hair and makeup so I guess I’ll talk to Megan a bit later. I’ll make sure there’s time before the ceremony. 
Three and a half hours later, I wave goodbye to the Shifter woman who did our hair and makeup. Megan did introduce her earlier, but I forgot her name and wasn’t game to ask it 
1/4 
again. I’m already wearing my dress. It’s a simple, floor length silk grow an dlack the of course since that is the colour that suits me best and I dont have to worry about matching any other bridesmaids since I’m the only one. I do remember Megan mentioning a few weeks back that Tristan and Bellamy are both going to be wearing ble ties with their suits to make everything blend together well. At the time I just notified aliong, but satt i can think is that she basically arranged everyone’s colours to suit me and I just apprentiate her so much at this moment. She calls out from the bathroom. 
“Ry? Can you come here, I need a hand doing, the buttons on the back of this diseas.” I much into the bathroom and quickly see to the small buttons that group atlong her spine. There are dozens of them but they look so good I can’t complain Ink up and I can see her full topic in 
|| the mirror in front of us. She looks so perfect. Ton perfect. Il need to say something, tell her the truth but I’m struggling. We’re finally alone, but she seems so happy. I don’t want to min it for her. I take a deep breath and try to figure out how to start. This is so much harder tha I thought it was going to be. Megan seems to notice something is wrong 
“Ry? What is it? It is because of my brother again? He messaged earlier, he’s already headed down to the hall.” She looks guilty. I shake my head!. 
“No, for once this has nothing to dia with him, well mot tietty anyway. L… wanted to tell you something, but I’m worried about how you’re going to react.” Megan turns to face me 
concern on her face. 
“What is it?” she asks. I lead her back into her mom and have her sit on the bed, I sit beside her and clutch her hand. I’m not sure if it’s to comfort her, comfort me or maybe to keep her from running away once I start talking 
“You shouldn’t get married today, but out. Okay, that was not how I was planning to do that. I meant to ease her into it. head. I just threw her into the deep end. Megan freezes and stares at me in shock. Nothing to do mow but keep going 
“Tristan isn’t your fate. He’s already met the person he’s fated to be with but it isuit you. The reason your brother bought me here was to try and get more information on him and to 
confirm what he already suspected because he doesn’t trust Tristan. They re fated to be enemies. I was there the day Tristan proposed and because you’re meant to be my friend I wrote you a note telling you that he isnt right for you and left it in your bag, but you didn’t find it. Bellamy did. We wanted to get proof about Tristan, find some kind of evidence that 
he’s doing something wrong which is why neither of us said anything to you, but we haven’t 
2/4 
50- Challenging and comfortable 
again. I’m already wearing my dress. It’s a simple, floor length silk gown in dark blue of course since that is the color that suits me best and I don’t have to worry about matching any other bridesmaids since I’m the only one. I do remember Megan mentioning a few weeks back that Tristan and Bellamy are both going to be wearing blue ties with their suits to make everything blend together well. At the time I just nodded along, but now all I can think is that she basically arranged everyone’s colours to suit me and I just appreciate her so much at this moment. She calls out from the bathroom. 
“Ry? Can you come here, I need a hand doing the buttons on the back of this dress.” I rush into the bathroom and quickly see to the small buttons that go up along her spine. There are dozens of them but they look so good I can’t complain. I look up and I can see her full look in the mirror in front of us. She looks so perfect. Too perfect. I need to say something, tell her the truth but I’m struggling. We’re finally alone, but she seems so happy. I don’t want to ruin it for her. I take a deep breath and try to figure out how to start. This is so much harder than I thought it was going to be. Megan seems to notice something is wrong. 
“Ry? What is it? It is because of my brother again? He messaged earlier, he’s already headed down to the hall.” She looks guilty. I shake my head. 
“No, for once this has nothing to do with him, well not directly anyway. I… I wanted to tell you something, but I’m worried about how you’re going to react.” Megan turns to face me, concern on her face. 
“What is it?” she asks. I lead her back into her room and have her sit on the bed, I sit beside her and clutch her hand. I’m not sure if it’s to comfort her, comfort me or maybe to keep her from running away once I start talking. 
“You shouldn’t get married today.” I blurt out. Okay, that was not how I was planning to do that. I meant to ease her into it. Instead, I just threw her into the deep end. Megan freezes. and stares at me in shock. Nothing to do now but keep going. 
“Tristan isn’t your fate. He’s already met the person he’s fated to be with but it 
sn’t you. The reason your brother bought me here was to try and get more information on him and to confirm what he already suspected because he doesn’t trust Tristan. They’re fated to be enemies. I was there the day Tristan proposed and because you’re meant to be my friend I wrote you a note telling you that he isn’t right for you and left it in your bag, but you didn’t find it. Bellamy did. We wanted to get proof about Tristan, find some kind of evidence that he’s doing something wrong which is why neither of us said anything to you, but we haven’t 
2/4 
50- Challenging and comfortable 
been able to. So now there’s nothing else I can do but to ask you, beg you, to please trust me. He isn’t the one for you. I’m so sorry I waited this long to say something. I should have told you from the start but I was so caught up in my own emotions I just didn’t know what to do.” By the time I finish talking my breath is heavy from not pausing to take a breath. I’m a little dizzy and I feel sick. I’m so nervous. Megan pulls her hand out of mine and stands up. She takes a few steps. Her back is to me and it’s driving me crazy because I can’t see her reaction. I’m waiting for her to tell me I’m crazy, that she hates me or never wants to see me again. Finally she speaks. 
“Ryann, did you ever wonder why I haven’t asked you about my own thread or fate?” I shake 
head then remember her back is to me. 
my 
“I always assumed it was because you were already sure of Tristan.” Megan whirls around to face me. Her face is flushed, even through her makeup. She looks almost like she’s going to cry and my heart is breaking. 
“That’s the same thing that I told myself. That I didn’t need to ask because I already knew. But, that’s not true. I never asked because I was scared you would say what you just said. That you would tell me I’ve messed up, wasted the last year and a half of my life on a man who isn’t right for me. He is just so perfect, we’ve never fought or yelled at each other. Everything. has always been so easy with him.” Megan sighs. 
“No one has ever said anything negative about him, until this moment I couldn’t think of a single reason why I might not be in love with him. I’ve been perfectly comfortable.” Megan collapses onto her bed beside me, heedless of her dress. 
“But watching you and Bellamy, I’ve been starting to think that’s a problem. Comfortable is good, great even. But comfortable doesn’t challenge me, doesn’t encourage me to be better. I’ve been thinking that never fighting might not be a sign of compatibility but rather a signi that there is no passion, for anything, including each other.” I stare at her. Does that mean she’s not going to marry him? She believes me? I didn’t really expect that she would. Maybe Harry is onto something with this talking to people thing. It’s working better than I had hoped. 
###Chapter 51
51- Relief and rejection
“What are you going to do?” My voice is timid. Megan sighs, the sound is sad and… relieved?
“I’m done lying to myself. I need to tell Tristan I can’t get married today. It’s going to be hard. I’d be lying if I said I don’t care about him. Ten minutes ago I had every intention of marrying him. I guess I just needed… permission. Permission to change my mind. Or maybe just support to do what I want.” I nod.
“What can I do to help?” Megan stands up and looks herself over.
“Help me out of this dress? It definitely sends the wrong message. Then we need to get over to the wedding so I can apologise to Tristan. Could you maybe call Bellamy, let him know?” She stops when she realises what she’s asking.
“Never mind, I can do that 1-” I interrupt her.
“I can call him.” Anything to make this easier for her. I’m already working on the buttons on the back of her dress. I can hear a banging downstairs.
“That must be Bellamy, he must have forgotten something.” She looks stricken. I head for the door.
“I’ll talk to him.” Megan trusted me, so right now I’m feeling brave. I can face Bellamy. I hope.
“Don’t let him do anything yet. I need to talk to Tristan first.” I nod, swing open her door and step out into the hallway. Straight into Bellamy. Why do I always do this? I step back quickly but I trip over the hem of my long dress and fall backwards. Bellamy catches me once again and helps me right myself. He drops his hands to his side immediately. He breaks the silence
this time.
“You’re late. I came to see if everything is… okay.” I can’t help it. Tears fill my eyes and begin to run down my cheeks. Concern crosses Bellamy’s face which only makes me cry more.
“She believed me. She’s calling off the wedding.” His concern is replaced with shock.
1/4
51- Relief and rejection
“Really, that’s…” he pauses, unsure how to continue. Megan steps out her room, she’s wearing a simple jeans and t-shirt outfit. Her heels have been replaced with flats.
“There’s no need to pretend you aren’t pleased Bellamy. Ryann told me all about your scheming.” Bellamy cra cks a smile and pulls Megan into a hug. She hugs him back and sighs.
“Bel, next time you hate my boyfriend. Just tell me, okay?” She comments. He nods, his relief is clear. While they make up, I pull out my phone and text Darrien. It’s not fair to make him stress any longer than he needs to.
Ryann- I spoke to Megan. The wedding is off. We’re coming over now to break the news to Tristan and everyone else. I thought I should let you know.
His response is immediate.
Darrien- Thank you so much. For everything.
Ryann I’m rooting for you!
I slip the strap I have attached to my phone case around my wrist since I don’t have pockets and my bag is in Megan’s room. Then I’m ready to go. The three of us begin the short walk to the main hall where everyone is waiting. The street is deserted, everyone is already waiting inside. We pause at the doors. Megan takes a deep breath.
“Wait here? I think I need to do this myself.” She tells us. I nod, Bellamy looks hesitant. I shoot him a look that says not to fight her on this. He reluctantly nods.
“Well, here I go.” She cra cks the door open and slips inside, leaving the two of us outside.
“Darrien is in there already, he’ll make sure she’s okay.” I promise him. Bellamy gives another stiff nod. He’s avoiding my eyes and looks immensely uncomfortable. I realise that we’re alone. I should say something, anything to him. But I don’t know what. I have a sudden epiphany. If I don’t know what to say, then that’s all I need to say. I need to tell him that I don’t know what to say. If that’s the truth then it’s the right thing. I take a calming breath before starting. I work to keep my voice steady.
“I don’t know what to say to you. I don’t know where to start or what to talk about. But I
2/4
51- Relief and rejection
promised myself’ I would try. So I’m asking you, what should I say? What will fix this?” I hold my breath as I wait. Bellamy’s stiff expression changes to that same, angry look that he had the night he overheard me admit he’s my fate, I repress the desire to turn and hide away. again. I remind myself what Harrison told me about controlling the one thing I can control, myself. I remind myself what Aaron said, that Bellamy does want to talk to me and lastly I remind myself that I know our fate. He will be mine, so we need to figure this out. When Bellamy finally responds, his tone is harsh. He’s angry, more upset with me than he has been in any argument we’ve had before this.
“What should you say? Why don’t you explain to me why you completely rejected me. The night of the engagement party I put myself out there and you ran and hid from me. Literally. You rejected me and I forced myself to accept it. After all, you know if it’s meant to be. So 1 trusted that you were rejecting me for my own good, breaking my heart to save us both from more pain later.”. I stare at him in shock. That’s what he thought? I had no idea. My mout drops open and I don’t know what to say, but it doesn’t matter because Bellamy isn’t finished
yet.
“And then, after working so hard to accept it, to face you calmly, I came up to make sure to offer you both dinner. To try and do the right thing and be a good friend to you and I hear the truth. We are fated to be together. The signs I thought I must have mistaken were true. after all. Which leads to what I really want to know. What did I do to make you hate me so much? So much that you would reject me knowing that fate says we’re meant for each other. I have been wracking my mind trying to figure it out. Is it because of how we first met? I was rude to you. Or is it because you can’t deal with all the Shifter stuff after all. Or am I just not good enough for you?” Bellamy finally looks me in the eyes. His golden eyes are burning with anger and frustration. His chest is heaving, his breathing heavy after his speech.
“You’re the one who left when you found out. I thought you hated me. I… I don’t hate you. I don’t think I ever could.” I manage to get out. Bellamy laughs, but it isn’t a nice laugh.
“But you have to. Because if you don’t hate me then I don’t understand how you can be so selfish. You’ve chosen to be alone, but I didn’t and you never gave me a choice.” His voice is angry and hurt and I want to cry. I try to hold it together. I take a deep breath.
“I didn’t mean to. I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know how to trust people. I was scared to tell you the truth. I thought if I told you about our thread that you would reject me right away. You were pretty doubtful when I first told you about them. Then once you belleved me I was worried you would force yourself to be with me, even if you didn’t… feel anything. Just
3/4
51- Relief and rejection
were
because you felt obligated to, or because everyone keeps pressuring you to find a mate. I didn’t want you to have to deal with that pressure. I ran from you because I don’t know what’s real and what’s in my head. If I imagine things because of the threads I see or if you
being influenced by those signs you all keep telling me about and got carried away. We barely know each other.” The more I talk, the more furious Bellamy seems. He abruptly turns. and starts to walk away from me. I stare after him, not sure what to do. I tried talking, it didn’t work. In fact I think it made things worse. He pauses and without turning, speaks.
“I won’t chase after you anymore Ryann. If we really are fated to be together as you say then I won’t chase after you. I trust your magic. We’re equals, I’m not going to beg.” With that he continues walking away from me,
back to his home. He is inside and out of my view before I
can bring myself to move.
###Chapter 52
52- Fight and flight
I’m crying again. I don’t know what else to do. I think I need to talk to Megan. Megan! Is she okay? I was so busy out here I forgot that she’s literally calling off her own wedding. I wipe away my tears, open the door and slip inside. What’s waiting for me is so much worse than I could have imagined. At the end of the aisle, Megan and Tristan are staring each other down. They are equal in dominance and neither of them is budging. Tristan’s face is ugly and twisted with anger and hatred, his hands are shifted into claws he is gripping Megan’s arm in a way that has to hurt. Darrien is standing next to Megan. He also seems to be frozen, stuck. in the battle for dominance. Tristan must actually be as dominant as Megan and Darrien if they are all stopped like this. Apparently, these battles aren’t just a two person thing. Well that’s useful information I suppose.
“You BI TCH!” Tristan screams. Everyone else in the room seems frozen, not able to move under the waves of power coming from the three Shifters at the front of the room. Tristant keeps yelling.
“One more day! All you had to do was say yes this one last time and I would have had everything! Your perfect brother would encounter an ‘unfortunate’ accident, courtesy of my friends, and once we took over I would arrange something similar for you. Then I would be free to be with the woman I actually love. Do you know what torture it has been for me,
pretending to care about you? Pretending to be your Prince Charming and listen to all your petty little complaints and constant chattering. It’s been hell! And now, you’ve gone and ruined EVERYTHING!” His grip on her arm tightens and a drop of blood rolls down her elbow. Darrien roars in anger and my vision flashes red. How. Dare. He. Without hesitating I make my way down the aisle, only stopping a few steps from them. When I speak, my words are a command and I don’t think my voice has ever sounded so cold as it does right now.
“Let her go Tristan. Now.” His eyes flick over to mine and his eyes widen. He holds my stare for one second, two, three. He begins shaking before his eyes finally drop to the floor. His grip on Megan’s arm slackens and she yanks it away. His act of submission, looking down, is enough to release Darrien and Megan from the battle they found themselves in. Darrien doesn’t hesitate. He shifts into a huge cat. A jaguar I think? I did a bit of research on big cats when I first met Megan and Bellamy. He leaps between Megan and Tristan, the growl coming from him is enough to make me shiver, even though I know he won’t hurt me. Tristan responds slower, but he shifts too, he turns into a lion, although he looks smaller than Darrien. Tristan lunges, but at the last moment changes direction, towards Megan. Darrien
1/4
52- Fight and flight
roars and in a flash, he is holding Tristan in his teeth. Tristan pulls away and they begin fighting in earnest. Megan looks horrified, I’m sure my reaction is similar. It’s not until Tristan flings Darrien into the crowd that I pull myself together. People are terrified, I can see it on their faces. Still, no one seems to be moving. Why? For the first time, I become properly aware of the waves of power coming from the fighting cats. Everyone here is being smothered by it, except me apparently. Not knowing what else to do I scream at them all.
“Get out of here! Go, run, find Bellamy!” It’s like I hit play in the middle of a slasher movie. Suddenly they are all up and running, screaming and panicking. I can hear a child crying and watch as his mother drags him from the room. I turn back to the fight and am surprised to find it’s almost over. Darrien who was fighting defensively before is now giving it his all. I suppose, even in this state, he worries about everyone. Now all his focus is on Tristan and Megan who at some point while I wasn’t looking, shifted. She’s a black panther just like her: brother of course. There is a pitiful whine as Darrien pins Tristan to the ground. He has clearly won. Tristan is submitting. Darrien releases him before he kills him and turns to check
on Megan. I scream as Tristan leaps up and goes for Darrien’s back, not as injured as he pretended to be. I shouldn’t have worried. In a moment Megan dashes forward and intercepts him. The two of them tumble forward in a blur that I can barely keep track of. Then
everything goes quiet and they stop. Megan is standing on top of Tristan, her claws are covered in blood and Tristan isn’t moving. Upon closer inspection I can see that his throat is cut. He is definitely dead. I think I might be sick. I stare in shock. Megan shifts back to herself and grabs a white tablecloth from nearby and wraps it around herself. Her hands and face are splattered with blood. Darrien also shifts back and without pausing grabs Megan and pulls her into a tight hug. She seems shocked. Darrien looks relieved, like he had the biggest scare of his life, which he probably did when Megan threw herself between them. Megan eventually pulls away and I can see that he is reluctant to release her. Her face is flushed red and she grabs another of the tablecloths which are, luckily, on just about every surface and hands it to
him. Darrien wraps it around his hips to cover himself which is a relief to me because I am
really not comfortable with all the nudity. I still haven’t moved. Megan notices and steps towards me. She suddenly seems aware of all the blood covering her and pauses her
approach.
“Ryann? Are you okay?” She asks hesitantly. I shake my head, still frozen to the spot.
“What can I do?” She asks gently. I shrug. I can’t stop staring at where Tristan is lying there. He is still a Lion, I guess he isn’t going to turn back now that he’s dead. I can’t seem to drag. my eyes away. Megan steps between us blocking my vision and suddenly I can move again. It throw myself into her arms. I’m shaking and she strokes my hair, trying to calm me. I can
2/4
32 right and light
hear Darrien moving and when I finally pull away from her, I can see that he has used yet another of these seemingly endless strips of white decorative fabric to cover Tristan. Still, I can see the blood seeping through. Megan seems to be in shock, just like me. Darrien touches. her arm to get her attention. He’s hovering close to her and the concern on his face is so clear. In fact, all his feelings are written on his face right now. If Megan hadn’t noticed how he felt earlier there is no way she could miss it now. I can see doubt in her eyes. She glances at me nervously. I give her an encouraging smile.
“You can always trust him to keep you safe.” I whisper to her as I pull her in for another quick hug. Darrien grins at me as Megan raises an eyebrow. He grabs her hand and she lets him hold it. She must be able to tell, as I can, that Darrien needs to be holding her hand right now, if only to reassure himself that she’s okay. I think she needs the contact as well, even if she isn’t sure how to feel about his affections. We all flinch as Bellamy bursts into the room, a little late I suppose. He clearly ran here, but it must have taken the other Shifters a minute or two to find him, or maybe it took him a minute or two to calm them enough to figure out what was going on. That seems more likely. His shoulders rise and fall as his breaths come heavy from his running. His eyes scan the room. First his eyes find mine. Then move to Megan. His expression darkens as he sees the blood covering his sister. His eyes flash to where Tristan lies. I can hear Megan whisper behind me.
“I trust your power, so you should too.” In that moment I know, without a doubt that she is right. I take a step towards Bellamy. Then another. He watches me warily as I approach. Finally, I am within arms reach of him and… I don’t know what to say. I don’t know how to say it, how to make him understand. I remember the day he tested my magic, how I helped him understand my magic and suddenly I know what I need to do. I grab his hand and pull him towards the door. He doesn’t resist as I lead him outside. I’m pretty sure his brain is still trying to catch up on what is going on. He follows as I lead him away from the hall, away from everything, until we reach that little cemetery.
###Chapter 53
53–Selfish and shy 
When we reach the grave from before, I stop and release his hand. It falls to his side. I stare at the grave and avoid his face. 
“You were right when you said I’m selfish.” I start. 
“I don’t know how to trust. Until now, I’ve never even tried to, not really, I run away, hide and 
who tries to get close to me. But there is on 
avoid everyone thing I have always trusted and that is fate. These threads that I see. They never deceive me, they show truth, good and bad. They do nothing to spare my feelings because fate doesn’t care about my feelings. There are times I wish I couldn’t see them at all because what I see is so heartbreaking. But despite that, I really do trust them. Completely. I trust them so completely that I know I will be tied to you forever, even when we are both dead and gone.” I pause and turn to face Bellamy. His expression is giving nothing away and I have to once again fight my natural inclination to flee. 
“I’m selfish because I knew that even if I ran away from my feelings and rejected you, it wouldn’t be forever because you’re fated to be mine eventually. I’m selfish because I drove you away and hid the truth, even though I knew the time would come when I would want you 
back, and that eventually, you would come back to me, because fate never lies to me. I’m selfish because refusing you was easy.” I stop and my eyes drop to the floor, staring at my feet. There is blood on my skirt. I’m shaking again. I push forward, I need to finish what I 
came to say. 
“It was so easy, not because I didn’t want to be yours, but because I already was yours. I’ve been yours completely, even before we ever met, I knew I could never be with anyone else. I just wasn’t ready to accept that, to trust in something, someone other than fate. The night of the party, I never meant for it to be all or nothing, it was just… not yet.” I still can’t look up, I don’t notice Bellamy moving until I feel his hand on my shoulder. His other hand moves to my chin and I’m forced to look up at him. His face has softened. The anger has faded, and his 
expression is… hopeful. 
“And what about now? Is it still not yet?” His voice is gentle, and I find myself lost in hist golden eyes. Part of me wants to throw myself in his arms, tell him that I’m his and that I missed him, but part of me still wants to run away, and I don’t think I can pretend that part of me doesn’t exist. I promised to be truthful so that’s what I’m going to be.. 
1/4 
53- Selfish and shy 
“I don’t want to lie to you… I don’t know if I’m ready to be your mate, but… but I do know that I can’t just walk away from you again. It hurts too much, I miss you too much.” I admit. Bellamy smiles at me, a proper smile. Until this very second, I didn’t realise how much I’ve needed his smile. 
“I missed you too, I can’t tell you how much I’ve missed you.” He mutters. He moves slowly, his intentions clear. He’s giving me time to stop him, to move away. He’s watching my face for any sign that this isn’t okay, waiting for me to flinch back, but I don’t, I hold still and stare up into his eyes. Finally, he leans all the way in and kisses me. A proper kiss this time, not the light brush from last time. This kiss is gentle and sweet and perfect. I can tell he is holding back, being careful not to scare me away and I appreciate it. Shyly, awkwardly, I kiss him back. This is the first kiss I’ve always wanted, hoped for. Bellamy pulls back and examines my face. I give him a timid smile and his answering smile is so bright it’s practically blinding. His hand slides down my shoulder and he takes my hand. 
“Fate says we’re meant to be, and I believe you. But we control how. We don’t need to jump right into anything you aren’t ready for. We can move forward at our own pace. As long as we are actually moving forward together.” Bellamy says, his voice is gentle but I know he’s waiting for something from me. Some kind of commitment, or promise. I’m not sure what 
more I can tell him than what I already have so I nod. 
“I’ll try not to run again.” Bellamy smiles so it must be enough for him. I glance down at our hands. I blurt out my next words without thinking. 
“Do we have to tell everyone?” my words come out in a rush. Bellamy looks confused. 
“You… want to keep this a secret?” I give a half nod–half shrug. 
“Not from Megan or Darrien or anything like that. Just… from everyone else. The Alphas, the other Shifters…” I trail off and understanding dawns on his face. 
“You’re afraid of the pressure?” he confirms. I nod. Bellamy is quiet for a moment, then gives 
a heavy sigh. 
“You know I would never let anyone pressure you. But if this is what you want… what it takes. to have you… just tell me it’s not forever.” I stare at him in horror. 
2/4 
53- Selfish and shy. 
“Of course it’s not forever, I couldn’t do that to you, to either of us. I just need time to… get used to it all.” I explain. Bellamy nods. 
“I can give you time.” I smile at him, lean up on my toes and kiss him lightly on the cheek. I can feel myself blushing red as I do so and Bellamy smiles at my embarrassment. Suddenly, without warning, he begins to laugh. He is laughing so hard that he can barely stand up straight. I’m so confused, what is so funny? 
“What is it?” I demand. Bellamy holds up his free hand as he tries to pull himself together. It takes him a moment but finally he is calm enough to speak again. 
“I was thinking about the day we met, when you answered the door in your pyjamas and slippers, with your hair all mussed. Your expression… it was part awe and part horror. I guess now I know why. It makes so much more sense. At the time, I thought that you must have some issue with Shifters. It’s part of why I was so rude.” I stare at him in surprise, I really thought I did a better job hiding my reaction than that. It doesn’t take long for me to start laughing too which sets Bellamy off again.. 
“I knew I’d have a soul mate somewhere, but I really didn’t expect you to just show up at my doorstep. I mean I really did try to stay calm. I was freaking out.” I point out to him. He 
chuckles. 
“I believe it. Looking back, I can’t believe I didn’t see the signs right away. I found you so easily. When you showed me those blisters on your feet from the heels I was furious which was insane because I didn’t know you, your asshole neighbour made me lose it quicker than anyone ever has before and you stood up to me. You even managed to kick me out. I’m the Alpha, people don’t do that to me. But it was my own fault I suppose, I did act like a jerk, although it didn’t come easy.” I roll my eyes at him. 
“You mean you had to actively TRY to be mean to me?” Bellamy mimics a serious expression and nods, but the glint in his eyes gives him away. I can’t help but laugh at him. 
“What is that?” Bellamy wonders aloud. That’s when I realise my phone is still hooked around my wrist and it’s vibrating. I have to pull my hand from his in order to unhook the phone from my wrist and answer it. Bellamy pouts and I have to fight the desire to giggle. The call is from Darrien. 
###Chapter 54
Strings of Fate 
54- Return and relax 
“Hello?” I’m surprised to hear Megan on the line instead of Darrien. 
“Ry! Are you okay? You’ve been gone a while. You aren’t off crying again or something are you? Are you still with Bellamy?” She blurts out her questions one after the other, not giving 
me a chance to answer. 
“Woah, woah, Megan. Calm down. I’m fine. I’m with Bellamy right now. I should be asking if you’re okay?” I turn the question back to her. She is quiet for a moment. 
“I’m okay. Today clearly did not go how I had planned. But I’m okay. Tomorrow I’ll be a little more okay. I- I didn’t want to kill him Ry, but I couldn’t let him hurt Darrien.” Megan is crying now. Shoot, I didn’t mean to make her cry. I can hear Darrien attempting to soothe her. He takes the phone from her.. 
“She’s okay, just in shock. I’m taking her home. Aaron and Shaun are seeing to Tristan.” he explains. 
“Should I come look after her?” I ask. I can hear him repeat my question for Megan. 
“She says 
if things are going okay with her brother then she definitely does not want you to come. I’ll take care of her Ryann. I promise. She won’t be alone.” He adds, I know he’s sincere. No one worries about Megan more than Darrien does. I actually feel sort of guilty for ditching her, I probably should have picked a better time to talk to Bellamy, but I’m pretty sure if I didn’t say it right away I’d have chickened out. 
“Okay then, if that’s what you both want.” I notice Bellamy gesturing that he wants the phone. I hand it to him. 
“She’s okay?” His expression shows relief when Darrien answers. 
“Good, don’t leave her alone.” Another pause. 
“That’s good, thank them for their help for me. I’m going to take Ryann home.” He smiles. 
1/5 
54- Return and relax 
“Yes. Alright I’ll tell her. Okay, bye.” Bellamy hangs up and hands the phone back to me. 
“Darrien said to tell you I told you so.” He chuckles and I roll my eyes. Bellamy offers me his 
arm. 
“Can I take you home Ryann?” I smile at him and take his arm. 
“Please take me home. I’m so tired.” He leads me to his car and pulls keys out of his pocket to 
let me into his car. 
“My bag, it’s still in Megan’s room. My key is in it.” I suddenly realise. 
“I’ll grab it, wait here.” Bellamy dashes off and into his home. He returns quickly and hops into the driver’s seat. He hands me my bag and we head off. The adrenaline must be wearing off, because I find it more and more difficult to stay awake. When I’m home I let us in, Bellamy trailing awkwardly behind me, and I kick off my heels. Bellamy raises an eyebrow at the chaos that is my living area. 
“You built a fort?” he questions. I shrug. 
“I was sad.” I give as an explanation. Bellamy makes a face. He steps closer to examine my 
handiwork then freezes. 
“The Incubus?” he questions, his posture is stiff again. I roll my eyes. Shifters sense of smell seems to cause more drama than it prevents. 
#He’s 
my friend. He helped me build the fort. Then we watched cartoons together.” I remind him. I have no doubt that Aaron passed on the story earlier. Bellamy sighs. 
“And that’s all?” he confirms. I shrug. 
“Well he did do one other thing…” Bellamy’s eyes shoot up to mine, a look of pure fear and horror on his expression that makes me feel bad for teasing him. 
“He told me to talk to you and to be honest even if I’m not sure what to say.” Bellamy visibly 
relaxes. 
2/5 
54- Return and relax 
“Actually, I probably need to call Harry, I promised to keep him updated.” Bellamy makes a face and I poke his arm. 
“Don’t be a baby. I’ll put him on speaker so you can listen if it makes you feel better.” Bellamy shrugs but inches closer to me. I make the call. Harry picks up after only a couple of rings and I immediately put the phone to speaker. 
“Hi Harry, you’re on speaker. Bellamy is here too.” I tell him cheerfully 
“Well that’s a good sign. Hey Alpha, did your sister pass on my message to you?” Bellamy 
looks confused. 
“I’m thinking that’s a no Harry.” I tell him. 
“I asked her earlier to tell you to stand down, we were just kids when Ryann made it very clear that she was waiting for her fate and that no one else would do. You have nothing to worry about from me, or anyone else really.” I roll my eyes, but Bellamy actually looks. pleased. 
“I’m glad to hear it.” Bellamy’s response is smu 
I groan out loud. Boys are stupid. 
“Okay, well I just wanted to call and tell you that you can stop worrying about me. We’ll have to get lunch in the next couple days alright?” I wrap up the phone call. I am so ready to just go to bed. Harry says goodbye and hangs up. I grab an armful of my blankets and pillows. from the fort and Bellamy does the same. I hesitate when I reach the doorway to my room though. Didn’t I promise I wouldn’t just let Bellamy come and go here as he pleases? I glance back at him. He seems happy, and exhausted. Practically dead on his feet. Maybe I can let it slide. I dump everything on the half–stripped bed and begin laying out the blankets. It doesn’t need to be tidy, just comfy. Up until now, I thought it was pretty clear that I just wanted to go home and sleep, but I’m suddenly uncomfortable. What if Bellamy is expecting something else? I grab my unicorn pyjamas and flee to the bathroom to change. Pyjamas make a clear point, right? When I emerge, Bellamy is standing awkwardly by my bed. His face is red. 
“Can I sleep with you?” he blurts out. I flush red and stare at him in shock. He realises how that sounds and quickly backtracks. 
“That’s not what I meant. I promise! It came out wrong. I mean sleep, actual sleep. I haven’t 
3/5 
54- Return and relax 
slept well in months. Not since the last time I stayed here. I can’t sleep well without you anymore.” He seems completely embarrassed at the admission. 
“Megan said something about that… what do you mean?” I ask. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I relax around you, more than I do with anyone else. It was only a couple days but I got used to that feeling. Now I can’t seem to sleep well without it. You’ve spoiled me.” He gives me a half smile, but I can tell it isn’t really a joke. Not sure how else to respond, I give him a nod. If all he wants is sleep, I can give him that. 
“I haven’t been sleeping well either.” I admit. I climb onto my bed and crawl to the far side that goes up against the wall. Bellamy yanks his tie off and throws it on the ground, then undoes his top two buttons. I never opened my curtains but there’s a crack in them from when I was too lazy to fix it a couple nights back. Bellamy quickly yanks it so it blocks out the bright light. It’s hard to believe that it’s only just about midday. It feels much later. I slip under the blankets and try to stay calm as Bellamy slips in next to me. He moves quickly and settles awkwardly on the edge of the bed, like he’s worried I’m going to kick him off any second. He flicks off my lamp. We both stay still, lying awkwardly and stiffly for a minute or two, then Bellamy groans and I can hear him moving next to me. My heart almost leaps out of my chest when he wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me close against him. My back to his front. He whispers in my ear. 
“Is this okay?” Is it okay? I was fine sharing my bed with him before, but it feels kind of different now. He has to be able to feel my heartbeat racing, how embarrassing. 
“It’s okay right now.” I whisper back. I freeze up a little as I feel Bellamy place a light kiss in my hair, but as I feel him relax behind me, I eventually do the same. All my stress and frustration from the last few months drains out of me and I find myself drifting off into blissful sleep. 
###Chapter 55
Strings of Fate 
55–Bedrooms and boundaries 
I wake to a light tugging in my hair. The room is still dark, so I have no idea how long I’ve been asleep. 
“Hello.” Bellamy says quietly, stroking my hair. I guess that explains the tugging. I stop and take in my situation. Once again, while sleeping we have moved around so that I am lying half on top of him, one leg pulled up and crossed over his. One of his arms is wrapped around my waist while the other is stroking my hair. I take a deep breath, trying to stay calm. I don’t know why I’m so freaked out. This is very different to the other times we woke up next to each other. Those times Bellamy backed off as soon as he realised what was happening, but 
now… 
“Hi?” I answer him nervously. Bellamy doesn’t say anything. He just keeps lazily stroking my hair and lets out a deep breath. He moves a little adjusting his legs, shifting me slightly. 
“Sorry, I’m probably crushing you, I’ll move 1-” I am about to roll off of him when he runs his hand down from my hair. He runs it lightly over my shoulder, down my side and it lands on my thigh. He holds it lightly to stop me moving away, although not so tight I couldn’t pull 
away if I wanted to. 
“Don’t go.” His arm tightens around my waist. 
“I can finally touch you. It’s how I know this is real.” He murmurs. I flush bright red and hide 
my face against his chest. 
“Just for a little longer then.” I mutter. We lie there in silence for who knows how long, thirty minutes? An hour? Eventually the sound of Bellamy’s phone vibrating on the table by the bed. is enough to force him to move. With a sigh he releases me, sits up and checks his messages. He groans in frustration. 
“Word has gotten out about what happened to Tristan, apparently his mother is demanding to see me. It hasn’t occurred to her that I might not be home.” he groans again. 
“Does that mean you need to go?” I ask, still lying down in the pillows, reluctant to get up. Bellamy eyes me up and down, something in his gaze I don’t quite understand. 
1/5 
55–Bedrooms and boundaries 
“Eventually I’ll need to deal with it. When I go back, I’ll have to deal with all the fallout of his death and Megan’s almost- marriage. But it can wait a little longer.” He moves closer, leaning over me. I stare up at him, his golden eyes meeting mine. He moves closer again, one arm on the pillow on the opposite side of me to support himself. 
“But, isn’t it important?” I blurt out. 
“You’re more important.” he answers smoothly. He’s so close now. He leans in, his lips just brushing mine in the lightest kiss. I panic. 
“Stop!” He freezes and takes in my expression. Then with a half–smile he moves back a little. He’s still leaning over me, but I have more space. 
of 
my 
“Too much?” He asks. I nod, not trusting myself to speak. Bellamy is quiet for a second before he moves and presses a light kiss against my forehead before moving away to sit on the edge. bed. I sit up. Well, this is awkward. I climb out of bed and make my way to the kitchen. I don’t know what time it is, but I’m hungry, Bellamy probably is too. I open my fridge and stare at the empty shelves. I’m a bit overdue to do the grocery shopping. I close the door and jump in shock when I realise Bellamy followed me to the kitchen and is standing behind it. 
“We might need to eat out.” I tell him, my voice slightly higher than usual. I step around the tiny kitchen to move around him and put a bit of space between us. 
“Ryann.” Bellamy starts. I keep talking, well, more like babbling nervously. 
“Or we could eat at your house I guess, I want to check on Megan so I don’t really mind but-” 
“Ryann, please stop for a second would you?” he asks. I sigh and turn to face him. 
“We should talk about what just happened.” He insists. I blush and stare at the floor. Bellamy likes to face issues head on, he’s not going to let me avoid awkward conversations. 
“What about it?” I respond. This entire situation is uncomfortable. I don’t know how I’m supposed to react to anything.. 
“You were uncomfortable.” He starts. I shrug, that much was obvious enough. 
2/5 
55- Bedrooms and boundaries 
“I just, I want to know what you are comfortable with.” he explains. I look up at him helplessly. “How should I know?” I blurt out. I don’t even know what I’m comfortable with so how can I tell him? Bellamy watches my face and seems to understand my internal dilemma. He runs a hand through his hair and exhales heavily. 
“Look, I know it’s been explained to you a little, how Shifters like to be close to those they care about. For me, being close to you is something that comes as easily as breathing, I crave it. I’ve chosen you and as far as I’m concerned that’s the only decision I needed to make. I know it isn’t the same for you and I don’t want you to be uncomfortable. If you can’t tell me what you’re okay with, then you’re going to have to tell me when you’re not okay with something. For example.” Bellamy steps in closer to me, not super close, but enough that I 
could reach out and touch him. 
“Is this okay?” He asks. I nod. He smiles and slowly reaches out and takes my hand. 
“And this?” I nod again. He tugs me a little closer and places his free hand on my lower back. 
“Okay or not?” he checks. I’m bright red at this point. 
“O–okay.” He uses the hand on my back to pull me lightly to lean against his chest. Was he always this tall? I feel so tiny. His hand releases mine and loops around my back to meet his other hand trapping me against him. 
“And now?” He asks again. I don’t answer, I just lean into him further and lie my head against his chest. He wraps his arms tightly around me and I can feel him press a kiss in my hair. We stand there for a minute before he speaks again. 
“May I kiss you?” he asks. I consider. I DO want him to kiss me, I’m just also super nervous about it. Bellamy seems to take my silence as a refusal. He pulls away, clearing his throat, clearly also feeling nervous. His discomfort oddly enough is exactly what I needed to help me. conquer my own. Before I can talk myself out of it I blurt out; 
“Yes.” He examines my face, making sure I mean it. Then a slow smile moves across his face. He reaches out and places one hand on my cheek. He uses the other to lightly tilt my head up from under my chin. Then he leans down and lightly presses his lips to mine in a gentle kiss. He pulls back, lingering for a moment a few centimetres from my face. Then pulls away to properly assess my reaction. I give him a shy smile and he returns it with a cheeky, satisfied 
3/5 
55- Bedrooms and boundaries 
grin. 
“That’s more than enough for now. I’m in no hurry.” He tells me, taking my hand in his again. 
“I just have one last question.” He adds. I try my best not to make a face. 
“What is it?” 
“Before, when you stopped me from kissing you. What was different? What made that not. okay and this okay?” Bellamy is watching me, his expression earnest. I find myself staring at my feet. I ran out of my room so fast I forgot to put my slippers on and my toes are cold. 
“The bed.” I whisper, my discomfort returning. Bellamy considers me for a moment before nodding. 
“Okay then. I’ll remember that.” He pauses before continuing. 
“Can we eat out? When I get back I’ll have a lot of work to do, I want to relax just a little 
longer.” I nod my agreement. 
“Okay, I’ll text Megan and let her know I’ll be about an hour then.” He releases my hand and heads towards my room to get his phone. He’s in the doorway when I finally speak up. 
“What about you?” I force out. He stops and turns to face me. 
“What about me?” 
“Is there anything that would make you uncomfortable?” I clarify. Bellamy flashes me a bright 
smile. 
“I honestly can’t think of anything you might do that I wouldn’t be okay with. But if anything comes up I promise to tell you.” 
###Chapter 56
56- Courage and courting 
He heads into my room and I take a minute to think. I’m proud of myself, sure I wanted to avoid that conversation, but I survived it, I didn’t run away. I follow Bellamy into my room. where he is tucking his phone and his tie into his pocket. 
“What time is it anyway?” I ask, I’m so out of it. I feel like I slept a long time, but there was daylight coming through the windows, which means either we slept for only a couple hours. OR we slept through the night and it’s daytime again. 
“It’s about one, we slept almost 24 hours. I’m not surprised I slept that much, you’re like a knock out drug to me, but you must have been really tired to have slept so long.” He looks at me contemplating something. I just shrug. 
“I did say I haven’t been sleeping well.” I sort through my drawers looking for something comfortable to wear. I haven’t really been doing much laundry lately either. I really need to catch up on my housework. Eventually I settle on a pair of leggings that I’m pretty sure are clean and a random light grey t–shirt with blue butterflies printed on it. I throw a bra and pair of underwear onto my pile of clothes and at the sight of Bellamy lounging on my bed, scamper into my bathroom, closing and locking the door behind me. I can hear him laughing softly through the door. I get dressed and pull a brush through my hair, then step out the bathroom to find socks and shoes. Pretty sure that this is as good as it’s going to get, I tell Bellamy I’m ready to go get food. 
We head out together and take a short drive to a nearby bakery. Surprisingly I’ve never been here but Bellamy has and insists that the food is great. We take our place in the short line. I notice Bellamy is shuffling around awkwardly and shooting sideways glances at me. I make eye contact and tilt my head sideways in question. He gives a smile, looking a little embarrassed to be caught watching me. Then he asks; 
“I… are you going to be mad at me if I try to pay for your food?” He speaks cautiously, like he’s worried I will react badly. 
“You really want to, don’t you?” I confirm. We only just made up, I don’t want to fight him again, and not over something so small as paying for my lunch. Bellamy nods his head eagerly. 
1/4 
56- Courage and courting 
“Yes, I do,” he confirms. 
“Then no, I won’t get mad at you.” Bellamy beams at me. I don’t really understand why he is 
so happy about something so small, especially since it really seems like I am the one benefiting from it. We order some pastries and Bellamy pays for the food, glancing sideways at me as he does so and still smiling brightly. Then we find a place to sit in the back corner of the bakery at a little table with a vase of dusty, plastic flowers decorating it. I’ve only taken a couple bites when Bellamy speaks. 
“I have something I should probably admit.” he looks a little guilty, I am instantly on guard, but trying really hard not to panic. I don’t want to fight with him again. That might be my new mantra. Learning to slow down, listen and compromise is hard, but I’m determined to do it if that’s what it takes to make this work. 
“What is it?” I ask cautiously. Bellamy must be able to see how worried I am because he reaches across the table and takes my hand. 
“It’s nothing bad, just… a Shifter thing you probably don’t know about. The reason why it makes me happy to pay for your food.” 
“Oh… okay.” I try to keep the doubt from my tone but I’m almost positive Bellamy can hear it because he squeezes my hand lightly. 
“Providing you with food is a sort of… courting ritual for Shifters.” He pauses and waits for me to say something but I don’t really know what to say, so I stay silent and wait for him to continue his explanation. 
“Often, it is something that Shifters will use at the beginning of a relationship to show interest, it’s basically a bit like flirting. Other gifts of things like clothes are also considered a sign of interest. Really, any gift that shows that you can provide for your potential mate, ist considered to be courting.” He ducks his head down between hunched shoulders and peers up at me, waiting for my reaction. 
“So… the reason you insist on paying is that it’s your way of… flirting?” I ask incredulously. 
“Yep.” He answers shortly. 
2/4 
56- Courage and courting 
“…And… the dress you got me?” 
“Yeah, that too.” he nods and gives me an awkward grin. I’m baffled, does this mean he liked 
me from the start? But he was so rude to me. 
“But, even back then?” I’m not even sure I mean the words as a question but Bellamy answers 
me anyway. 
“If I’m being totally honest? I was interested in you right from the start. Well, I was interested once I was done freaking out and being worried about my sister. Basically a little while after you kicked me out of your home and I had a minute to think about things and realise I was being ridiculous.” He looks a little ashamed of himself and I can’t help but crack a smile. Of all the things to happen, I never expected my soul mate to literally just come knocking on my door. I think back over Bellamy’s explanation. So he has be 
attempting to court me, almost the whole time we’ve known each other. I’ve probably been accidentally slash sort of intentionally rejecting him all this time. That can’t be good for his self–esteem. He should know better than to flirt in a way I don’t understand. Then again, I ran away when he flirted in a way I did understand. Oh for goodness sake, I need a manual or something. 
“Ryann? You’ve gone very quiet, it’s a little alarming.” Bellamy prompts me. I shake myself from my thoughts. 
“Oh, sorry. Uhm… so for the Shifter… courting… flirting… stuff. How… I mean… what… what kind of response are you hoping for exactly?” I stumble through my question not exactly sure how to ask what I want to know. Bellamy seems to understand my question though. 
“It’s relatively straight forward. If a male offers food, he is hoping that his potential mate will accept the food and in doing so accept that the male is courting her. Although it doesn’t count if it’s offered to a whole group or if it’s in your own home, that’s just being a good host.” he adds. I nod slowly. 
“So me refusing to let you pay was…not what you were hoping for.” I finish awkwardly. Bellamy gives a half smile and a small laugh. 
“You could say that. It definitely was not a promising sign for me. And when you threw that. money at me after we fought at dinner… ouch.” I give an uncomfortable laugh and pull my hand from his, sliding it under the table. I decide to change the topic from food. 
3/4 
56- Courage and courting 
“What about with the clothes?” I question, although I suspect the answer to this one is straight forward. 
“Wearing them of course” Bellamy smiles at me. I roll my eyes. Of course. 
“Right…so what I’m getting from this, is that every Shifter I’ve met probably already knows… what’s been happening.” I might not have known Bellamy was flirting, but Megan, and all the 
Bellamy shrugs. 
other Shifters I have spent time with would have to be stupid to miss. Megan, and all the 
“Only the ones you’re close to. Remember, except for my sister and Darrien, they wouldn’t know I paid for your dress, and they haven’t all seen me getting you food.” he reminds me. Okay, that’s a little less stressful. It would be really embarrassing to think everyone else knew and I had no idea. Particularly since I already knew he and I are fated. 
“Alright, well is there anything else I should know since you have apparently been using all the Shifter methods of courting without my knowledge?” I cross my arms over my chest and stare him down in a fake interrogation. I intentionally put on a ridiculously stern expression, I do want an answer, but mostly I just want to break the tension a bit. He laughs at me. I drop my arms and pick up the bottle of water Bellamy got me earlier. 
Strings of Fate 
###Chapter 57
57- Worries and worth 
“I didn’t use ALL the methods of courting, there are three main aspects to Shifter courting. First I show that I can provide for you with gifts of food and clothing. Second I show I can protect you, I got the rules about shoes changed at your workplace and literally fought the Vampires to protect you so that counts. That just leaves proving that I will do the same for our children.” He concludes. I choke on my water. Bellamy is out of his seat in a second. He 
moves onto the bench next to me, patting and stroking my back as I regain the ability to breathe. He looks like he is trying not to laugh. 
“Breathe Ryann, hypothetical children, relax.” Bellamy chuckles and I glare at him. 
“And just what kind of new and confusing behaviour can I expect from you regarding this?” I demand. He sobers up a little. 
“I’m not entirely sure, usually this would be proven by making an effort to be active in the family, taking care of younger siblings, or elderly family members of the female being 
courted…” He trails off. 
“… and I don’t have any.” I conclude with a deep sigh. Bellamy begins rubbing light circles on my lower back again. 
to prove 
“Hey, don’t worry about it. You have us now, and I’ll work out some way it to you.” 
He sounds determined. I shrug. 
“It doesn’t really matter, you don’t need to prove anything to me.” I inform him. He drops his 
gaze. 
“It… is important to me. It would be considered almost… shameful if I couldn’t fulfil at least the three basic expectations of courtship. I don’t want anyone thinking that I don’t deserve you.” he states, almost aggressively. I can’t help but laugh. 
“As if that would ever happen. With the exception of the impossible to please Canine and Avian Alphas, pretty much all the Shifters love you, or at least respect you. If they’re going to judge anyone as undeserving it would probably be me. I saw the way those girls giggled and stared after you.” I mean the words as a joke, mostly at least, but Bellamy takes them very 
1/4 
57- Worries and worth 
seriously. 
“That is not true, you are so much more than I deserve, and if others can’t see that then they’re idiots.” He says this so passionately that I can’t help but flush bright red. I take a calming breath then before I can talk myself out of it, I lean forward and place a quick kiss on his cheek. Just a slight brush of my lips, he probably barely even felt it. I sit back and watch 
for his reaction. Bellamy is frozen, staring straight ahead and I’m not totally sure he is breathing. I shuffle in the seat awkwardly a moment and the movement draws his gaze to me. Finally, he reacts. He puts an arm around my shoulder and pulls me into his chest. I got willingly, if only to hide my tomato red face. I feel him press a light kiss in my hair. 
“It is ridiculous how happy you make me.” he mutters, face still pressed into my hair. I didn’t even do anything, he’s usually the one taking care of me. I should tell him how I feel, say something, but I’m too embarrassed. Maybe I can do something for him, to show him. I’ll have to think about it. But not now, right now I just want to enjoy sitting here, I feel warm, 
safe and happy and I’m not ready for that to end. 
I sit with Bellamy for a long time before he gives a reluctant sigh and pulls away from me. He gestures towards the door and I give a silent nod. Without a word, he takes my hand and leads me out to the car, keeping me close by his side. We are almost back to his home when I finally break the silence. 
“What’s going to happen now?” I ask tentatively. 
“I’m not entirely sure. I’ll have to meet with Tristan’s mother and try to calm her down. I’ll also have to have a meeting at some point in the next few weeks with the other Alpha’s to explain the situation. It shouldn’t be a problem since there were lots of witnesses to what happened. I won’t let Megan get in any trouble.” He assures me. Since I know how obsessed he is with keeping people safe, I believe him. 
Bellamy parks in front of his house and turns off the engine but neither of us move. I suspect Bellamy is procrastinating his meeting. In my case it’s because once I get out of the car I am going to have to deal with life again, not to mention I am going to have to deal with Darrien who is sure to sass me about Bellamy and Megan… I’m not sure how she is feeling but it can’t be good and I don’t think I really know how to comfort her. What if she’s mad at me? She didn’t seem mad when we spoke last but she was in shock. Maybe she’s upset that I told her about Tristan. Maybe she’s angry that I waited so long to tell her. I mean there were plenty of times I could have said something other than her actual wedding day. I am an awful person. I 
2/4 
57- Worries and worth 
can’t believe I did that to her. 
My panic must be showing on my face because Bellamy places a hand on my arm and angles. 
me towards himself as best as he can in the car. 
“Hey, hey. What’s wrong? You’re overthinking something. Talk to me.” His voice is calm and reassuring and I take a deep breath before answering. 
“I shouldn’t have waited so long to tell Megan the truth. What if she’s angry? Or what if she’s been a wreck this whole time while we were just sleeping and getting food? I am an awful friend.” I’m on a roll and now that I’ve started my worries keep tumbling out. 
“And what am I even supposed to say to her now? So sorry you had to kill your ex–fiance. But hey, on the bright side your actual fated mate is here to help pick up the pieces and while we’re on the topic, I kissed your brother and could really use someone to talk to about it but that might be weird because you know… brother.” I stop and take a deep breath. 
“I am so not prepared to deal with all this emotional stuff. I avoided all this for years and now I have no idea what to do. Did I break some kind of friendship girl–code type thing by keeping so much to myself? I mean I am almost certain there are friendship rules about kissing your friends brothers, even I’ve seen enough trash TV to know that’s not normal and I-” I’m interrupted by Bellamy pressing a finger over my lips. He gives me a half smile as he 
moves his hand away. 
“You are definitely working yourself up and I wasn’t sure when to interrupt. Give me a minute to sort through that jumble of concerns. First, there is no way my sister is upset about you and me. She is one hundred per–cent on board with the idea of having you as a sister one day. She made that very clear to me about a thousand times while we were… taking a break from 
each other. This isn’t a trashy TV show and if your friendship does have any rules, that is 
definitely not one of them. As for what to say to her? That I can’t answer for you. But I know you care about her so just do your best and make sure she knows that and you’ll do fine.” Bellamy is gently stroking my arm with his thumb as he speaks and I can’t help but relax slightly. The nervous energy seems to drain right out of me, now only one fear remains at the 
forefront of my mind. 
“But what if she’s angry?” I ask. My voice is so quiet I would think he might miss it if not for 
his rather exceptional hearing. 
3/4 
57- Worries and worth 
“Then you apologise. If it makes you feel any better she’s more likely to be angry with me. I’ve had much longer to say something and I never spoke up. She loves us both, even if she does get mad it won’t last forever. I know this is all new territory for you and you’re freaked out, but no one expects you to magically fix everything. There’s no perfect thing you can say that will undo all the crap that’s happened in the last few months so just relax and do the best you can. Okay?” I take another deep breath and force my shoulders to relax. Bellamy is right, I’m worrying about things that haven’t even happened yet. 
“Okay, I think I’m alright. Shall we head in?” 
###Chapter 58
Strings of Fate 
58–Distraction and denial 
Without missing a beat Bellamy hops out the car and runs around to open my door for me. Before I can so much as blink he’s leaning down over me and pressing his lips against mine. Just for a moment but I’m not expecting it and I freeze in shock. 
“For luck.” He states calmly, a click at my side tells me he’s undone my seatbelt. I flush red as I scramble out of my seat and take the arm Bellamy is holding out for me. There’s a smirk on his face and I can tell he’s enjoying how flustered I am. 
I take a few deep breaths as we approach the front door and try and relax. Megan is the one who has the right to be freaking out, not me. Things are actually looking up for me, I really have no right to complain. Bellamy unlocks the door, I did plan to head straight up to Megan’s room but I can hear noise coming from the kitchen. Is she… humming? I glance at Bellamy who shrugs and gives a confused expression which tells me he doesn’t know what’s going on either. I peer around the doorway and see Megan pulling stuff out of the fridge 
while humming an upbeat tune. Darrien is sitting on the other side of the counter. His expression is serious and he meets my eyes and nods at me to come in. I enter with Bellamy trailing behind me. Megan turns to face us holding a block of chocolate. 
“Hello sleepy heads.” She greets us. Her smile is bright but her golden eyes are ringed with 
red and the whole expression looks forced. She continues speaking before either of us can 
answer. 
“You are right on time Ryann. I’ve decided to bake some brownies. Are you any good at baking? I could use the company. I keep telling Darrien that he should go home and rest but he refuses to leave me alone. Now that you’re here he can head off.” 
I open my mouth to speak but before I can get a single work out Megan interrupts. 
“No. If you ask how I’m feeling I’ll cry, and I am so sick of crying. We aren’t talking about it right now. I need a break from sad things. All I want is chocolate and to think about good things. Now PLEASE tell me you guys have sorted your shit out because I am sick of all the moping and I need someone to make brownies with me.” She says all of this in one breath like she’s worried that someone will stop her if she pauses to breathe. Bellamy steps in close to me and Megan eyes us with a mixture of anticipation and concern. He places a hand on my hip lightly and presses his lips into my hair causing me to blush furiously and drop my gaze 
1/5 
58–Distraction and denial 
to the floor. He gives a small smile to his sister then releases me. 
“Darrien can head home if he wants as long as you are both happy to stay in the house while 1…” he trails off. He must have realised that he shouldn’t talk about his upcoming meeting 
with Tristan’s mother. 
“You go get some work done. We have brownies to make. I’ll… see you a bit later?” The last 
part comes out as a question. Bellamy smiles and nods. 
“You two have fun.” He exits and I hear his light footsteps heading away down the hall. I turn and Megan looks genuinely pleased, although the expression is fleeting and quickly replaced with her forced smile. Darrien looks smug. I turn on him. 
“Not. A. Word. If you say one word I am going to have no choice but to go and hide in my 
room and not emerge until you have entirely forgotten who I am.” My tone is light but I keep 
a stern expression. Darrien’s smirk only gets worse. 
“That would never happen, he would drag you back well before I manage to forget even one hair on your head. Us Shifter men can be clingy.” He throws a side eye towards Megan and I 
can see his reluctance to leave her behind, however he is also clearly exhausted. She might have a point about him needing to rest. I make eye contact with her and I can see she is exhausted too, I’m starting to wonder if this false cheer is an attempt to get some space from Darrien. I approach Darrien and grab his arm dragging him towards the front door. 
“Alright it’s time for you to go home. Get some rest, shower, whatever. It’s girl time now and as you have clearly just identified yourself as a man you are not invited. You can come back later for dinner and maybe if we feel like it we will save you a brownie. Now get out, go.” I open the front door and shove him out. He stares at me a moment, briefly makes eye contact 
then nods. 
“I’ll be back in a while, take care of… yourselves.” He says with a pointed look towards the 
kitchen, I nod and close the door in his face. 
Back in the kitchen Megan’s shoulders sink down and the false smile falls from her face. She looks exhausted and is staring at a mixing bowl not moving. I take over. 
“Alright, how do we make brownies? Do you have a recipie?” I see her phone is lit up and she 
2/5 
58 – Distraction and denial 
has a recipie open online. I grab it and glance at it. Doesn’t look too hard. I start reading out directions and we get to work. We eat almost as much brownie mix as we end up putting in the oven. While it bakes I start washing dishes and Megan dries since I have no idea where anything goes. 
“So you an 
you and Bellamy, hey?” Megan starts. I flush red and give an awkward nod. 
“I… I guess so. But… we’re not telling people right now. I’m not ready for… well, you know?” Megan nods understandingly. 
“Yeah I get it, people are pretty obsessed with Bellamy’s love life.” 
“Yes exactly, I don’t want to deal with all the pressure.” I see my phone vibrating on the counter and check my messages. 
Bellamy- Tristan’s mother will be here for her meeting in about 30 minutes. Any chance you could take Megan upstairs and keep her there for a while? 
Ryann- No problem. Brownies are almost done, we will head up soon. 
Megan glances over as she dries the last dish. 
“Is that my brother? What does he want?” she asked. I pause, unsure how to respond and when my phone goes off again I grab it as a way to delay responding. 
Bellamy- Thanks, I’m so glad you’re here. <3 
Ryann  
I blush red and Megan smirks. 
“I take it back, if you’re that embarrassed, I don’t want to know.” I mock glare at her. 
“It’s nothing like that. He’s just checking in. Now let’s get those brownies out the oven so we can go upstairs and talk‘ in private. Bellamy explained a few things about Shifter courting this. morning and you never said anything about it. You have some explaining to do.” Megan 
smirks at me. 
3/5 
58 – Distraction and denial 
“Oh do 1? You’re the one whose been avoiding talking about him, it’s not my fault. But I see your point.” 
We move half the brownies into the fridge and take the rest upstairs with us. We both collapse into Megan’s bed and Megan immediately shoves a warm brownie into her mouth and lets out a groan. 
“Yes that’s exactly what I needed.” She settles back and pulls a blanket over herself. I place the plate of brownies on her lap then grab one myself. I have to agree they did turn out pretty well considering that we had no idea what we were doing. 
“So, shoot. What questions do you have after talking with Bels this morning?” Megan asks. 
“Uhm, well before I interrogate you, I wanted to check… Bellamy said it was fine but, you’re… okay with… him and me?” Megan stares at me like I’m an idiot. 
“If I had a problem I would have said something long before now. I’m a lot more. straightforward than my brother.” She looks grumpy and I wince. 
“I’m sorry. I hope you aren’t mad. It’s just… he knew it would hurt you, and neither of us could bring ourselves to do that.” I drop my eyes to my lap and fiddle with the edge of at blanket. Megan sighs. 
“At least YOU told me the truth. Bellamy…“. She trails off. 
“He brought me here. He wanted to make sure there was no doubt before saying anything 
in case he was just being overprotective… and then I guess I broke his faith in my magic for a bit so you can see why he might not have said anything. Please don’t be angry, he was just trying to look out for you.” Megan cats another brownie then sighs. 
“Fine, but he owes me an apology. A proper one, not some random gift or something. Now enough about me. Distract me with your relationship drama.” Her tone made it clear that she was done talking about it. I guess Bellamy was right that she would be more angry with him than me. Hopefully she doesn’t hold it against him too long. 
###Chapter 59
Strings of Fate 
59 – Sleeping and shrieking 
“So Bellamy was telling me about some of the things Shifter men do to court women. Food and clothes and stuff. You had to have known this whole time!” I complain. Megan smirks. 
“I figured if it was meant to be you would already know and if it wasn’t… Then why force him to go through the rejection? Besides, I only knew about him buying you a dress, Darrien has been filling me in about your meals together though. Did you really throw money at him?” She asks. I frown. 
“Darrien wasn’t even there for that part. He left when we went to dinner.” I point out. Megan 
shrugs. 
“Just assume all the guards gossip. Except maybe Aaron. He barely even talks. I think I’ve mentioned before that Shaun is a gossip. He told Darrien and Darrien told me.” I groan. So much for privacy. I think Aaron might be my new favourite purely for his apparently unique. skill of keeping his mouth shut. 
“I get the feeling I’m going to end up being embarrassed by all you guys a lot in the future. Well since I’m already bright red I might as well just blurt out whatever. How am I meant to respond to Bellamy?” I ask. Megan tilts her head to the side. 
“Respond?” She questions. 
“Yeah like if the guys have their three main courting things what do female Shifters do? The whole thing seems important to him so I’d like to know. At very least I don’t want to be unaware of my actions, regardless of what I choose to do.” Megan nods at me. 
“That’s a smart attitude and yeah it would be important to him, particularly with how much attention his relationships receive. I never bothered with… my ex. Bellamy always did grumble about that. So the women have three traditions also, aside from accepting the man’s courting stuff. First one is to give the man a gift. Something that he can keep to remind him of your affection. Second one is to show that you care for his family, it’s a lot like the one men have expect more about caring than protecting and providing. Last tradition is a public act of some kind to demonstrate your commitment and acceptance of their courting.” We both eat another brownie before continuing. 
1/4 
59 – Sleeping and shrieking 
“So… the whole public demonstration thing, I’m not so sure I can do that just yet.” I start. Megan shrugs. 
“There’s no rush or time frame, Bels has only managed two of the three for you right now anyway. You’ve already well and truly taken care of the whole caring for his family one, literally just making brownies with me today would have counted, not to mention everything else we’ve done together. So hey you’re already a third of the way there.” She concludes. 
“Huh, that hadn’t occurred to me. That’s… good I guess, although it would have been nice to know before I somehow unwittingly reciprocated.” Megan shrugs and settles down lower into her pillows, yawning. 
“So that just leaves, a gift right? What kinds of gifts do people usually give?” I ask. 
“There’s no specific thing really, it’s pretty personal to each couple. Something that the woman feels represents them maybe, a reminder of a date they’ve been on, a personal item of their own, something they know the man has been wanting for a while. Handmade gifts are 
fairly common.” She suggests. I consider. 
“What about something the guy can wear? Wouldn’t it be best if it was something he could keep with him all the time?” Megan scrunches up her face. 
“Doesn’t work, gifts like that tend to get ruined when we shift. There’s a reason most Shifters don’t bother with jewellery except for special occasions. Even wedding rings and stuff are usually only worn on special days.” Megan is sounding increasingly tired and yawns again. We discuss a few ideas for gifts but nothing sticks out at me. We fall silent for a bit as I continue thinking about it. I’m about to ask her about spelled gifts when I realise she has fallen asleep. I grab the plate of brownies off her lap and carefully place it on her bedside table. I don’t want to wake her. She definitely needs the rest. I settle back and check my phone. I have a message from Darrien than I didn’t notice. 
Darrien- I’m going to bed now but my phone is turned up. Please tell me if she needs anything. I can be there in less than ten minutes. Is she okay? 
Ryann- She is doing alright. She’s just fallen asleep now. I don’t want to risk waking her. Please get some rest. I promise I’ll call if we need you. 
2/4 
59 Sleeping and shrieking 
Darrien responds immediately. 
Darrien- Thankyou 
Ryann- Sorry, did I wake you? 
Darrien- nah, couldn’t sleep. Too worried. 
Ryann- Well she’s fine. There’s nothing you can do right now. Rest and take care of yourself. 
I’ll see you later. 
come 
Darren doesn’t answer. Hopefully he’s getting some rest. I begin aimlessly scrolling on my phone, I slept plenty earlier and I haven’t been awake nearly long enough to get back to sleep now. I begin googling gift ideas for Bellamy when I hear a muffled yelling coming from downstairs. I glance at Megan but she doesn’t stir. I try and tune it out but my curiosity takes over and I find myself carefully climbing out of Megan’s bed. As I open her door I can hear the muffled yelling is actually more of a piercing shriek. I step into the hall and quickly close the door behind me before Megan wakes. I feel a little guilty as I creep down the stairs, but 
on. If you shriek people are going to hear it. I justify my nosiness by telling myself that I’m just worried that whoever this is will wake Megan. The voice has to be a woman. I know Bellamy had a meeting with Tristain’s mother. It’s been a while though, surely she’s not still here? I’m frozen in the hallway trying to decide if I should listen at the door or just head into the kitchen. Bellamy’s office door swings open with a bang and an older woman backs into the hallway. She has bleach blonde hair pinned up in a French twist but the hair is frazzled and there are flyaways all over falling out of the hairstyle. She is wearing a black dress and heels and looks almost too skinny to be healthy. She is fairly tall but that might just be her heels. She continues screeching at Bellamy. 
“I don’t CARE who killed him, this is YOUR fault. NONE of this would have happened if YOU didn’t ORDER your sister to break up with MY son. She NEVER would have left him. He was PERFECT!” Bellamy looks flustered. I can’t imagine this has been an easy discussion for him. Telling a woman that her son has been killed because he attempted to murder his fiancé probably won’t come across well. Although I find it strange that this woman wasn’t at the wedding. Was she planning to miss her own son’s wedding? Or maybe I just didn’t see her in all the chaos. Either way I can’t watch this anymore. I interrupt. 
“Excuse me, but you’re wrong. Bellamy never ordered Megan to break up with Tristan, he 
3/4 
59 – Sleeping and shrieking 
never said a single negative thing to her. I was the one who told Megan that Tristan was already in a relationship with another woman, Megan chose to call off the wedding as she was not able to accept being cheated on. I am so sorry for your loss, but it was your son who made the decision to attack innocent people and it was the result of his own actions that he ended up being killed. Bellamy wasn’t even there. Now, I’m sure that if you need to discuss the matter further Bellamy would be happy to make another appointment with you, but right now you are clearly emotional and I think it is time that you leave.” I work to keep my. expression and tone calm. 
The woman turns on me, her face red, her eyes teary. 
“Who are YOU to tell me to leave?” She demands. I hesitate a moment before answering. 
“I’m someone who was actually there when your son died. And I am someone who is here to take care of my friends. You are clearly in pain, I suggest you go find someone to talk to and that you come back another time when you are in control of yourself. Right now you need to leave.” She meets my gaze and I hold it. She manages only a few seconds before her eyes drop 
in submission. 
“Fine. But I’ll be back.” She shoves me with her shoulder as she passes and lets herself out. the front door, slamming it behind her. I race behind her and lock it. 
###Chapter 60
60 – Couches and company 
I turn to Bellamy about to ask how he’s doing when he sweeps me up into a hug, pulling met right off my feet. 
“Thankyou so much. I thought I could handle her but then she started crying. Usually I don’t have a problem with dealing with people who get angry but it’s not like SHE did anything wrong and I just… got stuck.” I can feel him breathing into my hair as he places me back on my feet, holding me close. I stay still a few moments until he releases me. 
“Sorry if I overstepped. I just didn’t like seeing her yell at you. Also I was worried she would wake Megan, she’s finally asleep.” Bellamy shakes his head. 
“You didn’t overstep. I know you aren’t ready to be… well, all in yet. But helping with this kind of thing, emotional Shifters. That is what the Alpha female does. You are going to be so. good at this, I just know it.” I take a step back in shock. 
“I…um. Didn’t mean to…this doesn’t mean.” I stammer out. Bellamy takes my hand and runs. 
his thumb over the back of my hand soothingly. 
“Don’t worry, I understand. I’m just saying you’re better at this dealing with emotions stuff than you think you are, even if you do turn bright red every time I flirt with you.” He pauses. and winks at me, then sighs. 
“This kind of thing is why the other Alphas are so obsessed with me finding a mate. This isn’t the first time I’ve folded to tears.” He shrugs and shuffles his feet awkwardly, running his free hand through his hair. 
“But don’t worry about that, I promised not to pressure you and I meant it. I’m just trying to say I appreciate your help.” I give him a small smile. 
“You’re welcome. And I don’t mind hearing stuff like this. I don’t want you to bottle things up and deal with them all yourself. I want to help you where I can. I just need time to get used to… us?” Bellamy gives me a bright smile. 
“Thankyou, and I really do understand. I know being with me comes with a lot of 
1/5 
60 – Couches and company 
responsibilities that you haven’t exactly signed up for. I just hope you don’t resent me for it too much.” I shake my head at him and ze his hand. 
“I don’t resent you. I just don’t want to rush into anything. Now, you look like you could use a brownie.” I lead him to the kitchen and settle into a chair while he raids the brownies we 
left in the fridge. He glances at a clock and sighs. 
“I have more work I should probably try and get done.“I can see he’s reluctant to leave me by myself. I hop to my feet and wave my phone in front of him. 
“I was going to just keep playing on my phone, maybe watch a movie or read a book. Megan is sleeping so I don’t want to bother her. Is there somewhere I could sit quietly and hang out?” I ask. His face lights up immediately and he responds almost too quickly. 
“My office. You can sit there while i’m working.” I smile and nod following him to his office. I glance around unsure where I should sit. There’s a chair across from his desk but that might be a bit distracting. 
“Are you sure I won’t be in the way?” I hesitate. Bellamy just grins at me. 
puts 
“Wait here a sec.” He dashes out of the room and a minute later comes back carrying one of the comfy recliners from the living room that I never seem to end up using. Megan and I always seem to be in the kitchen or her room. I’ve never even sat in the recliners. Bellamy 
it down and then begins shoving his bookshelf and desk around until he’s cleared a corner to the left of the room, with far more ease than I expected, he shows off his strength by moving the recliner into the newly cleared corner. The colour of the black recliner doesn’t quite match the wood and blue coloured decor of the office, but it fits in the space well enough. I settle in and Bellamy moves to sit behind his desk. On this angle he is still facing me but I’m off to the side a bit, not directly in his line of sight unless he turns his chair a little. I sit and find a movie to watch online. I keep the volume low so I don’t disturb him. At one point he gets up and leaves the office for a few minutes. He returns and drapes a blanket over my lap and hands me a plate with a brownie and a glass of water, I thank him and he gets back to work. 
My movie finishes and I glance up at Bellamy. I expect him to be looking at papers or his laptop, but he’s watching me. In fact I don’t think I’ve heard him typing for a few minutes now. He doesn’t even seem to notice I’m looking back at him. He’s completely zoned out. I 
2/5 
60 – Couches and company 
clear my throat and he jumps. He gives me a half smile. 
“Good movie?” He asks. I shrug. 
“Not bad.” I respond. He opens his mouth to say something then pauses and hesitates. I raise an eyebrow in question. He pushes his chair back from his desk a little and angles it towards 
me. 
“Want to come over here for a bit?” He asks. I’m not totally sure what he wants but I push my blanket aside, hop up and cross over to his side of the desk. I stop a step away from him. He doesn’t hesitate and grabs my hand pulling me in closer until I stumble into him. He catches me and sits me sideways on his lap. I immediately blush red. 
“Uhm… hi.” I say awkwardly. Bellamy chuckles. 
“Hi. Is this alright?” He asks. I nod and hide my face against his shoulder. He wraps his arm around me and strokes my back. 
“How did your conversation with Megan go” He asks. I sit up a little and give a light shrug. 
“Not too bad, she’s not really mad at me at least. You’re going to have to apologise for never saying anything though, properly apologise. She’s a bit grumpy with you. That’s about all she said about how she’s doing. She really didn’t want to talk about it.” I explained. 
“Ah, I see. I’ll have to apologise.” I can feel him cringing at the thought. I laugh. 
“I’ll help you. It’s not so bad.” I assure him. He shrugs. 
“What did the two of you talk about then? he asks. 
“We talked about the Shifter courting stuff you told me this morning, and why she never said. anything. I’m still so embarrassed.” I hide my face again as Bellamy laughs and continues to stoke my back soothingly. 
“I know, I know. I wasn’t sure how to bring it up, especially since you haven’t always been very… receptive to my attempts at courting.” I mumble into his chest. 
3/5 
60 – Couches and company 
“I might have if I knew what you were doing.” He somehow makes out the words. 
“Really? Because you ran away the first time I tried to kiss you.” He points out. I sit up and glare at him. 
“Because I wasn’t expecting it! I didn’t think you were even interested, I had no idea, I 
thought Darrien was exaggerating when he said you liked me.” I complain. Bellamy raises an 
eyebrow. 
“You discussed this with Darrien?” 
“Uhm, yeah. Before we went out to dinner that time. That was when he figured it out. I did 
say we were talking about boys.” I joke. Bellamy rolls his eyes. 
“I knew it. You said you had been talking about the movie. But I knew you were too comfortable with him all of a sudden for it to just be that!” I giggle. 
“Well we did discuss the couple in the movie, but we didn’t JUST talk about them.” I admit. 
“I’m still not sure how you didn’t realise I was interested in you. Even excluding the Shifter 
stuff I wasn’t exactly subtle. I mean, fancy dinner, excuses to come hang out with you, shopping, dancing together…” 
“I might have been in denial a bit, I didn’t want to read into anything and be wrong. Besides, I have no idea how any of these things work. I’ve always shut down anyone who even tried to get close to me in that kind of way. I don’t date. Or I didn’t before at least.” I flush red again. Bellamy looks pleased. 
“Well, it doesn’t matter anymore, you know now. What did Megan tell you about the Shifter courting stuff?” 
“Among other things, she told me how the women are meant to reciprocate. We were talking about what things the women give as gifts.” I explain. 
“You know you don’t have to do all that, I don’t expect you to give me anything. You aren’t at Shifter. I understand if you want to do things differently.” I give a half shrug. 
4/5 
60- Couches and company 
“I, I think I want to try. I don’t know about the whole making sure everyone knows publicly thing, but if this stuff is important to you I can at least look at getting you a gift.” I explain awkwardly. Bellamy makes eye contact with me for a moment before moving in closer. Before 1 know it his lips are on mine. My heart is racing but I kiss him back. This kiss is relaxed and unhurried and I sink into it. Bellamy continues running his hand up and down my back. His hand slips lightly under the edge of my tshirt and I pause and pull back slightly trying to decide how I feel about it. His hand stills and I’m about to kiss him again when Megan clears 
her throat in the doorway. 
###Chapter 61
61- Apologies and alarm 
I shriek and leap out of his lap. Or I try to, I trip over my own feet and get caught by Bellamy’s hand in the edge of my top. Bellamy tries to catch me but we both end up overbalancing and the chair tips over. We both land hard, sprawled on the floor. Bellamy manages to slip a hand behind my head as we fall so at least I don’t break my skull. Bellamy groans as I sit up and I realise I landed hard elbowing him in the stomach. I jump up. 
“Sorry!” He sits up and rights his chair. Megan is in the doorway and is frozen. I make eye contact with her. I’m sure I must be tomato red and I can’t believe that just happened. Megan bursts out laughing. She laughs so hard that I can see tears in her eyes. Bellamy can’t help but join in. 
“You guys!” I whine but I can’t help but smile and I try to resist the desire to giggle. Megan throws herself into the recliner Bellamy moved in for me as she manages to calm herself. 
“Oh I needed that. I was going to come apologise for falling asleep and ditching you, but it seems like you were having plenty of fun without me.” She smiles at me. A real smile and while I’m still completely embarrassed, I’m glad to see her smile, even if it is at my expense. Bellamy answers cheerfully. 
“You haven’t been asleep that long, you sure you don’t want to head back to bed? I’m happy to keep Ryann company for as long as I need to.” He winks. 
“Bellamy!” His name comes out in a shriek of outrage. Megan rolls her eyes. 
“Oh yeah, I can clearly see how much you were suffering with her company, but nope. I think I’m going to stick close to Ryann from now on. Together twenty four seven, sleepovers every night. I’m just so distraught you see. I can’t bear to be alone. Not only did I lose. my fiancé but my brother has been keeping secrets from me. Clearly you can’t be trusted. I’ll have to keep a VERY close eye on you and watch out for my best friend. Unless of course you can make it up to me somehow.” Megan flutters her eyes at Bellamy and tries to fake an innocent expression like she isn’t threatening to keep me away from him. Bellamy grabs my hand and pulls me into his side, wrapping an arm around my waist. He narrows his eyes at his sister. 
7 
his tone a 
“Just try it, I’ll just have to hang around you both. ALL. THE TIME.” he responds dare. I push his arm off me and step away, hands on my hips. They might be joking but 
1/4 
61- Apologies and alarm 
there’s an edge to both of them that tells me that they’re both just a little bit serious. 
“I’m not a toy for you to pass back and forth. Megan, just tell him if you’re mad, don’t drag me into it. Bellamy, don’t be so defensive. You know she won’t really do it. Just apologise to her properly so we can all move past this as much as we can.” I demand. Both Bellamy and Megan look at me with identical expressions of guilt. Never have they looked more like twins than they do at this moment. Megan mutters an apology to me and Bellamy sends me a pleading expression as he holds out his hand. I sigh and take it as he turns back to his sister who is still lounging in the recliner. I can see she is stiff and uncomfortable, now that she’s rested a bit her anger is kicking in. Bellamy takes a deep breath and I squeeze his hand in 
encouragement. 
“Megan I’m sorry I didn’t tell you my concerns about Tristan sooner. I was worried you wouldn’t believe me and that you might choose trusting him over me. I should have had more faith in you and your judgement. I will try to be more honest in the future.” He inhales a deep breath and I realise he said all that in one go. He is tense and holding my hand tightly. 
This really is difficult for him. He glances at me and I give him an encouraging smile. Megan sighs and collapses back in the chair. 
“Alright, alright, I forgive you. I guess given how badly things turned out I can see how you might mistrust my judgement at the very least. I don’t think I’ll be dating again for a while. Thankyou for apologising Bels.” She sighs then sits up. 
“So, ideas for dinner? I’m thinking some horribly greasy unhealthy takeout. Thoughts 
anyone?” 
While Bellamy and Megan figure out food, I grab my phone and call Darrien. His voice is rough, I’ve clearly woken him. 
“Is she alright? Do you need me?” He sounds anxious and a little out of it. 
“She’s just fine. We’re about to order dinner. This is me inviting you, my friend, to dinner. Not asking you to come work since we aren’t going out. Be here in twenty?” I don’t want to only spend time together when he’s technically working, and I think Megan will appreciate that he’s coming to hang out when he really doesn’t have to. Darrien gives a half laugh. 
“I’ll be there in ten.” He replies then hangs up without saying goodbye. I return to the office 
2/4 
61- Apologies and alarm 
where Bellamy is using an app to order food. 
“I invited Darrien for dinner. It will be nice to hang out when none of us are working for once.” Bellamy gives me a knowing smile. Sure, Megan isn’t likely to be ready for a new relationship for a while, but it is still a good idea for Megan to be surrounded with people who support her. Plus, if all goes to plan, Darrien can use this time to get closer with her so that when she IS ready he will be the obvious choice. I know I already gave her some pretty obvious clues but I haven’t specifically said he is her fate, she could assume they’re meant to be friends or just that I trust him. Either way, I don’t want her to end up dating someone else and start this whole problem over again. Megan looks a bit confused. Like it never occurred to her that he might want to be invited. I think she is stuck in her view of him as a paid guard and hasn’t realised how far above and beyond that he really is. I tilt my head and fal 
confusion. 
“What? He’s our friend isn’t he?” I prompt. Megan shrugs. 
“I suppose so, but he spends almost all day with me pretty much every day. He might be sick 
of me by now.” She points out. I can’t hold in the short burst of laughter that escapes me. I’m 
fairly sure Darrien would be thrilled to spend literally every moment with Megan if he 
thought he could get away with it. 
“Megan, no one could ever be sick of you.” 
Darrien arrives in under six minutes. I know because I check my phone call history when he 
arrives to see if I had the time wrong. He lets himself in. He apparently has a key to the house. Megan is apparently almost never ready on time and Bellamy felt bad letting him wait outside in bad weather because his sister was still half dressed and couldn’t answer the door. We move to the rarely used living room. Megan drops into the single remaining recliner and Bellamy guides me to the couch and sits beside me. Darrien searches the room turning in 
contusion. 
“Wasn’t there a second recliner in here this morning?” He comments. 
###Chapter 62
62- Nightmares and numbness 
Darrien looks so lost. I start laughing. Megan and Bellamy give near identical smirks. 
make a 
“My brother stole it to nest for Ry in his office. Apparently he needs supervision while he works now. Although I’m not sure why he bothered because she wasn’t sitting on the recliner when I found them.” Her tone is suggestive and makes the whole thing sound a lot worse than it was. Still, I can’t help the blush that burns across my face. Seriously, I need to find a way to stop that. 
“I can go grab it.” Bellamy moves to stand but Darrien waves him back. 
“Don’t worry about it, I’m fine here.” He drops to the floor and settles in place resting his back against the edge of Megan’s recliner. Not touching her, but definitely more of a casual placement than he would normally choose. Megan’s gaze darts to mine and I try to arrange my face in a way that appears encouraging. Bellamy settles back in beside me. He checks his phone. 
“Food should arrive in about twenty minutes.” He informs us cheerfully. He subtly slides a little closer to me on the couch. Or maybe he’s not so subtle. Megan gives him a look of absolute disgust. 
“Who are you and what have you done with my moody, grouchy brother? Ry, whatever drug you’re giving him you might want to reduce the dose. People are going to think he’s been body snatched.” She jokes. 
“More like they’ll assume he’s getting some.” Darrien remarked quietly. I’m not even sure he even intended to say the words aloud because he actually looks a little alarmed at his own. comment. I glare at him while Megan nudges him with her knee and gives him a high–five. I turn to Bellamy intending to complain or suggest he retaliates in some way. Instead he gives. a bland expression and in a deadpan tone responds to the room. 
“I should be so lucky.” Then he turns and winks at me. I slap his arm lightly and cover my face to hide my embarrassment as Megan and Darrien laugh. 
“Bellamy!” He wraps an arm around my shoulder and pulls me against him. I turn and hide 
1/4 
my face in his chest. Seriously, how much embarrassment can one person live through? 
“Alright, I’ll stop.” He runs a hand through my hair. His tone is sincere. I risk a peek up at his face and he’s smiling at me. I suppose it is nice that he’s enjoying himself. Particularly since I want to keep things private. He’s just relaxed around the few people he can be completely 
honest with. 
Dinner eventually arrives and by the time we finish eating I actually think I’m starting to feel sick from all the greasy fried chicken and carbs: But it was soo worth it. Megan is yawning again. She definitely didn’t sleep enough. I’m about to ask if someone can drive me home when Megan flashes a look of desperation. I only see it for a moment before she covers it up with a fake smile. Her next question comes out casually but I suspect it is anything but. 
“Hey Ry, do you wanna sleep over tonight? There’s no need for you to go all the way home. My bed has plenty of space for the two of us and you don’t have work until tomorrow afternoon.” I immediately agree. She jumps to her feet and offers to walk Darrien out. He goes along good naturedly and calls out that he will see us in the morning at his usual time, whenever that is. 
Beside me, Bellamy lets out a deep sigh and drops his head to my 
shoulder. 
“You wanted me to go home?” I ask, a little confused. He sits up and shakes his head. 
“If it was up to me you would stay here every night. I was just thinking that with you in my sister’s room I’m going to have to sleep alone tonight. I was planning to drive you home and see if I could convince you to let me stay again.” He sighs again. 
“At least I know you’re safe here, even if you are in the wrong bed.” I freeze up. Did he just say he wants me here every night? He has got to be exaggerating right? This is still all new. Doesn’t he want time to himself? Although I have to admit it was nice waking up with him, even if I did make it all awkward. 
Megan walks back in and stops in the doorway. 
“This is really going to take some getting used to. Bels I’ve never seen you so… clingy. I’ll be upstairs waiting for you Ry. I might pick a movie for us to fall asleep to.” With that she stomps up the stairs. Bellamy smiles at me. 
2/4 
62- Nightmares and numbness 
“She’s not exactly wrong.” He remarks. I stand up to follow Megan upstairs but he grabs me by the hand to prevent me walking away and stands up with me. 
“I’ll walk you. Just give me a minute.” He starts gathering the takeout containers and I help him. We dump it all in the kitchen bin then he grabs my hand and we both head up the stairs. We stop in the hallway between Bellamy and Megan’s bedroom doors. Instead of letting go of my hand, Bellamy tugs me closer. He presses his lips against mine lightly, then releases me entirely with another deep sigh. 
“Go, I’ll see you in the morning.” I smile at him and nod before stepping into Megan’s room. He’s still standing there watching me as I close the door behind me. 
As promised, Megan has picked out a generic chick–flick type movie and puts it on then turns. out the lights. The volume is low and we both curl up in her big bed under the warm blankets. I am just on the edge of sleep when I hear Megan whimper quietly. I turn to face her. In the dim light of the television I can see that she is asleep but her eyebrows are furrowed and she has a frown on her face. She whimpers again and kicks the blankets away from herself, narrowly missing kicking me in the process. I reach out and shake her awake. 
“Megan? Darling you’re dreaming. Wake up.” She startles awake and then bursts into tears. Alarmed, I sit up and pull her into a hug. She collapses into my lap and buries her face against my stomach wrapping her arms around herself. I stroke her hair as she cries. This is more like what I expected to find when I first got here today. 
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I thought I could hold it together and when I’m awake I can hide it, shove it all into the back of my mind and focus on the moment, but I can’t control my dreams.” Megan half chokes the words between sobs. 
“I can’t stop replaying it. I killed him, I loved him and I killed him. I know that he betrayed me and that he never really cared, but that just makes it worse. Why didn’t he care about me? I know I was going to leave him but I did love him, just not enough to marry him. Now I can’t stop seeing the look on his face, I can feel his blood running through my fingers. I, I had to scrub my nails to get the blood out from underneath them, you know? It dried under them. It know I shouldn’t feel bad, he was going to kill me. But I didn’t want to kill him, and for a few minutes I can convince myself that I don’t feel bad and that he deserved it, but then I feel even worse because what kind of monster kills someone and doesn’t feel bad about it? I don’t know how I’m supposed to feel anymore.” By the end of her speech Megan has stopped crying. except for a few tears running down her cheeks. She just sounds broken and my heart aches. 
3/4 
62–Nightmares and numbness 
for her. 
“I… I don’t think there’s anything you’re supposed to feel. You cared about him, it’s okay for you to be sad that he’s gone, angry that he betrayed you, even guilty that he died. You’re not a bad person, if you were then you wouldn’t be so worried and upset about it. The whole situation is awful. I feel terrible that I let you go in there alone, that I didn’t say something sooner and avoid this whole thing. I even feel guilty that I left you alone to deal with the aftermath while I spoke with your brother. But I’m also happy that he’s gone, happy that you’re safe, happy that I made up with Bellamy. One feeling doesn’t make any of the others less valid.” As I speak I continue stroking her hair and I adjust the blankets over us a little so that Megan is covered again. Megan is silent for a couple minutes. I can hear her taking shallow breaths, then after a while they get deeper and she lets out a sigh. 
“You’re right. I think it’s going to take me some time to work through all this. But please don’t feel bad about leaving me to talk to Bellamy. You guys getting together is the only good part about this. And you didn’t leave me alone. Darrien stayed with me.” she points out. I 
shrug. 
“That doesn’t mean I don’t feel bad about it.” Megan eventually sits up and moves back onto. her original side of the bed. I stretch out my now very numb legs and wait for feeling to return before lying down next to her. 
###Chapter 63
63- Security and suggestions 
Megan wakes several more times throughout the night, each time jolting awake in tears. In the morning when I wake up she is curled up against my side hugging my left arm tightly against her chest like it’s a prized teddy bear. I remain in bed, swapping between dozing and staring at the crack of light visible through her curtains contemplating what time it might be and what I need to get done today. I probably need to clean my house, I’ve been quite slack with it lately while I’ve been moping. I need to make my bed properly, actually I should probably wash everything since it’s been on the floor and dragged around my home to make a fort. Oh and I definitely need to do some shopping, there is zero food in my house and it’s now highly likely that I’ll actually have guests again. I also owe Maggie a cup of tea at some point, if she saw the state if my home she would be horrified and probably start cleaning it for me which would only make me feel worse. Yep, definitely due for a deep clean today. Shopping first though, I’m out of basically everything, including cleaning supplies. Plan made, I settle in to wait for Megan to wake up. I doubt it will take that long. She usually gets up early, she might sleep a bit later since her sleep was so disturbed but sleeping habits are hard to break. I’m fairly sure the only reason I’ve woken so early is that im in an unfamiliar bed. and I slept so much the night before. 
As I expected, Megan starts to stir only about twenty minutes after I wake up. She almost immediately rolls out of bed and gets to her feet. She gives me a weak smile. 
“Breakfast?” She suggests. How is she so awake so quickly? Ugh, freakish morning person. From her smile I predict this will be another day of pretending that everything is fine. I still don’t know if this is a good or a bad coping mechanism, but I suppose there’s nothing to do about it other than try to support her as much as possible. I drag myself out of the warm blankets and follow Megan downstairs. I grab my phone on the way past. It’s about eight thirty in the morning. Okay, so early but not as bad as I thought. We reach the kitchen and I’m surprised to find Bellamy up and making pancakes. Megan raises an eyebrow at him. 
“You’re up early. And you’re cooking?” She asks incredulously. A slight blush runs over Bellamy’s face and he runs a hand through his hair awkwardly. 
“Well, you’ve had a hard couple of days and I just thought I would-” Megan cuts him off. 
“Yeah yeah, I know you feel all bad. But don’t even try to pretend you’re doing this for me.” She nudges me with her elbow before guiding me to take a seat on one of the stools at the 
1/4 
bench. She drops into the seat next to me. 
“I will however take advantage of your sudden domestic streak. I’m starving.” 
A couple minutes later Megan and I are happily eating pancakes with lemon and sugar while Bellamy leans on the other side of the bench watching us with a contented smile. Megan 
wanders off to go get herself showered and dressed for the day and I stay where I am. 
“You didn’t really go to all this effort for me did you?” I ask and he shrugs at me with a slight grin. 
“Of course I did. Megan’s not the only one whose been having a tough time recently. But mostly I just wanted to impress you.“he admits. I can’t help but laugh. 
“Mission accomplished then.” I smile. Megan comes thundering back down the stairs, she’s clutching an armful of books and a bag that’s hanging open. Her hair is wet and she looks completely frazzled. She drops everything on the bench and begins loading up the bag. 
“I was going to take this week off but now I think heading back to my classes sounds like the perfect distraction. I messaged Darrien and he will be here to get me in a minute. If we make good time I can still make my first class. Sorry to ditch you so quickly but I don’t wanna be late.” Megan dashes around the counter and hugs Bellamy. She grabs her bag then hugs me too before rushing out the front door before either of us can comprehend the whirlwind of motion. I hear the front door slamming behind her. 
“Well then. I guess that I don’t need to include Megan in my plans for the day.” I conclude. Bellamy laughs. 
“I 
guess not.” I take my dishes as well as Megan’s to the sink and begin rinsing them off. I squeak in shock when Bellamy slides his hands around my waist from behind and leans in to 
kiss me on the cheek. 
“And what are your plans for today?” He asks as I drop the clean dishes into the rack next to the sink. He steps away as I grab the towel and wipe off my hands, giving me a little space. 
“Nothing too fun. I need a ride home if you or someone else can take me, then I have grocery shopping and general household chores to do.” Bellamy glances up at the clock on the fridge 
2/4 
63- Security and suggestions 
door and sighs. 
“I have work to do so I can’t take you myself, but just give me a few minutes and I’ll arrange a guard for you today. Aaron should be available. I’ll give him a call.” Bellamy grabs his phone off the counter but I grab his wrist before he can make the call. 
“I really only need a ride home, having guards twenty four hours a day is really a bit excessive. Nothing has happened since that one time and they were after you not me anyway. I’m sure there are better ways those guys could be spending their time than watching me clean my house.” I point out. Bellamy frowns, displeased. 
“Has someone complained about it? You’re my… well, keeping you safe is a priority.” He says hotly. I roll my eyes. 
“That’s very sweet of you, and no, no one has complained about guarding me. It’s just a waste of their time and it makes me uncomfortable. I mean you have people waiting around while I’m sleeping!” I complain, frustrated. Bellamy crosses his arms across his chest stubbornly. 
“Being asleep doesn’t magically make you safe, in fact it makes you less safe.” He argues. 
“Megan doesn’t have to have someone stay while she’s sleeping.” I blurt out. Bellamy is already shaking his head.. 
“Megan lives here with me, she has me at night, she doesn’t need another guard.” A slight “You are more than welcome to stay here if you don’t want to have smile crosses his face. 
guards at night. I’m sure Megan wouldn’t mind if you moved in.” I take two hack and 
almost trip over one of the kitchen stools. 
“Absolutely not. It’s waaay too soon to even THINK about that kind of thing.” I lecture him. He shrugs, I’m fairly sure he didn’t actually expect me to take him up on the suggestion so he isn’t particularly offended. 
“The offer is there if you change your mind, and in the meantime, you keep the guards.” He insists. I glare at him and turn my back, I’m not sure I want to see his reaction to my next 
argument. 
“You can’t force me to keep them Bellamy. I’m not a child who needs a babysitter. I would 
3/4 
63- Security and suggestions 
hate to call the police on someone who is just doing their job, but if that’s the only way then. I’ll do it.” I feel awful even suggesting it, but I am serious. The constant guards are grinding on my nerves. I’m used to spending most of my time alone and now I don’t remember the last time I was properly by myself. Bellamy grabs my shoulders and spins me around forcing me to look at him. I think he’s trying to decide if I mean it. I hold his gaze to show I have no intention of backing down. A variety of emotions cross his face. First anger, then concern, 
anxiety? Then determination. 
Chapter Comments 
13 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHA
###Chapter 64
64- Silence and sass 
Bellamy sighs and takes me by the hand. He leads me to the living room and sits on the couch, dragging me to sit next to him. 
“I don’t want to argue. Let’s talk about this properly.” He insists. I sigh and nod my agreement. 
“I just really don’t think I need them.” I start. Bellamy nods. 
“I understand that. But I can’t trust that you’re safe when I can’t see you. I might be overreacting, I probably am. But my sister was just nearly killed by her fiancé and that was in a room full of people who care about her. Someone has already threatened you once and I’m on edge. I can’t stand the idea of leaving you unprotected. I have plenty of enemies and while people might not really know about us yet they’re still a threat to you. I couldn’t live with myself if something happened to you because of me.” It’s really hard to hold firm to my argument after his confession, I’m wavering and I know it. I try not to completely give up. 
“Surely we can come to some kind of compromise? What about something like what Megan has where she only has a guard when she goes out?” I suggest. Bellamy scrunches up his face 
and shakes his head. 
“Your home isn’t as safe as it is here.” He complains. I sigh. 
“I’m trying here Bellamy, give me something.” We fall into a contemplative silence for a few minutes. When Bellamy finally answers me his tone is begrudging. 
“I suppose you could have a guard during the daytime only if your home was safer. Security windows, a better lock and an alarm system so that it’s properly secure. I could have the guys set it up.” He responds. I think for a moment. It’s not the worst compromise, if an alarm and a better lock will make him feel secure then it’s not really that much of a problem for me. 
“I would be okay with that, as long as Maggie approved it of course, it is her building.” I agree. Bellamy smiles at me. 
“I’ll have it installed today. I’ll talk to her myself if I have to.” He pulls me into a tight hug 
1/4 
64- Silence and sass 
and I relax against his chest. 
“Thankyou for putting up with this.” He mumbles into my hair. I pull back and sigh. 
“Just don’t make me regret it.” 
Bellamy calls Aaron to come pick me up then steps into his office and begins making calls, I assume to arrange my new security system. I head back up to Megan’s room to get my shoes and bag. It takes me a few minutes because I can’t seem to find one of my socks anywhere. Eventually I find it on the floor underneath Megan’s discarded pyjamas. Finally dressed I briefly borrow Megan’s hairbrush and run it through my hair before heading back downstairs. Aaron is already waiting. Bellamy is already in his office on a call. He holds out an arm for me and I give him a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek before I step away. I can’t help but make at quick glance at Aaron who is waiting for me in the hall. He looks unsurprised. He gives me his arm as we head out to the car in silence. I ask him to take me straight home. I want to shower and change my clothes before I worry about shopping and cleaning. The drive is comfortably silent. I’m still not sure I’m completely happy with the while security arrangement, but that’s now Bellamy’s life is and since I want to be part of it I should try and accept what I can. I don’t think he’s completely happy with our compromise either so I guess that means it’s successful? I do think that maybe I need to think about ways Bellamy can fit into my life as well so I don’t have to feel as weird about shoving my way into his. Or being. dragged into his, honestly I’m not even sure what’s happening. A lot had changed in a short amount of time. Bellamy comes with a huge amount of extras; family, friends, responsibilities. I’ve only ever really been responsible for myself. I do believe I can handle it all, but maybe not all at once. Figuring out an acceptable security arrangement is an okay start, maybe next we can work out a routine that we both find comfortable. As much as I enjoy spending time at the Kane household, I do have my own home and responsibilities. I 
need to take a break sometimes. 
Aaron parks the car and wordlessly offers me his arm as I climb out. I take it and we begin the hike up the stairs to my front door. I unlock it and invite Aaron in behind me. “Feel free to take a seat or whatever, i’d say grab a drink or something but I have literally nothing. I need to go shopping after I’ve gotten myself cleaned up a bit.” I hesitate a moment then turn to face him properly, my face is probably burning red. 
“Also… I’m sorry about the last few months. I was upset and I made you stay outside while you were just doing your job. It was unkind of me.” I apologise. Aaron gives me a nod and look that night mean ‘No problem you don’t even need to apologise‘ or it might mean ‘really 
2/4 
64- 
ce and sass 
you think that lame apology is going to make that up to me?” Okay so I don’t actually know what it’s meant to mean. I know if I ask he will probably answer but I’m not sure I want to know. I’ll just have to be extra nice to him from here on out to make up for my awful behaviour before. I’m about to step into my room when Aaron clears his throat behind me. I pause and look back over my shoulder. Aaron gestures to one of the chairs at my little table. He wants me to sit. I approach it curiously and he pulls it out for me to sit. As soon as I do, he takes the other seat across from me. I wait to see what he wants. 
“With your approval I have requested to become your permanent guard.” He states. His voice is quiet and assured. I’m shocked. 
“You… you want to do this permanently?” I question. Aaron nods. I chew my lip and tilt my 
head. 
“Did you need to ask Bellamy? I mean he’s your Alpha, it’s up to him isn’t it?” Aaron nods 
again. 
“Alpha Kane approved.” He answers. 
“Oh, well okay then. If you want to then I’m okay with it. I think you’re the only guard that doesn’t constantly address me as ‘Miss Gale‘ every two seconds. Probably because you barely ever talk, but it’s definitely a nice change, it freaks me out when you guys are all… obedient?” I smile at him. Aaron’s face doesn’t change, he nods again and I get up to go shower. 
“I won’t be long then we can go get some actual supplies for this house, make yourself at home.” As I close my bedroom door I think I hear Aaron respond. 
“Of course Miss Gale.” I swing the door open and stare at him suspiciously. Aaron is still sitting where I left him, looking at me blankly, no sign of having spoke. I close the door again. but either I’m imagining things or Aaron is sassing me. I can’t help but laugh. 
###Chapter 65
65- Cameras and chocolate 
I have to rinse out my conditioner bottle to get the last bit out but I manage to wash my hair, I drop the empty bottle in the bin as I exit the shower. I dress and towel dry my hair then drop the towel in my hamper. I head out to the living room and glance around. 
“Okay step one is shopping, step two is laundry, step three general cleaning.” Aaron gets to his feet. I usually walk to do my shopping, when I suggest this Aaron just shrugs and gestures for me to lead the way. I link my arm with his and we get on with it. The shopping doesn’t 
ke too long and the walk home goes much faster than usual as Aaron insists on carrying my bags for me. (Or at least he just took them from me and never really gave me a choice and who am i to argue if he wants to carry stuff?) which is why I’m shocked when I get home and find Shaun and another guy I don’t know are using a drill to remove my front door. Shaun waves cheerfully. 
“Morning miss Gale.” I smile awkwardly. 
“I locked that… I respond mildly. He nods enthusiastically. 
“I know. It only took a moment to kick in. Clearly it’s not strong enough. We’re replacing it, I’ve also got some stuff to reinforce your windows and Alex here is our camera guy, he’s gonna wire your place up with cameras and alarms.” He gestures to a friendly looking redhead. Like all Shifters he seems ridiculously huge next to me, although he is definitely the most lanky Shifter i’ve met. For once, this 
guy doesn’t look like he spends all day in the gym. I wonder what he shifts into. Even more interesting, there is a blue thread linking Shaun and Alex. So these guys must be friends. Should make for an entertaining pair. I pause and think. about what he actually said and my eyes widen in alarm. 
“Cameras?” Shaun nods, yeah but just covering the front door and car park. Don’t worry it’s not to spy on you, Miss Gale.” He assures me. I take a deep breath. Wait, did they just start? 1 haven’t spoken to Maggie yet! I’m about to ask when I notice her climbing up the stairs slowly, clutching a plate of brownies. 
“Hello dear, these boys stopped by and said they wanted to update your security, your friend called me and said it was a gift for you. He even offered to get my place set up too so they’re heading there next.” She leans into me and whispers in my ear. 
1/4 
65- Cameras and chocolate 
“He must be a confident man to send all this eye candy to your front door.” She leans back and fans herself with her free hand. I’m speechless but all the guys start to laugh, even Aaron 
cracks a smile. 
“Oh dear, I forgot these big strong shifter men can hear when I whisper things like that.” She winks at me and it’s fairly clear that she didn’t forget, she just 
dn’t care. She then moves around and starts giving out brownies to all the men, Alex has his hands full and declines. I take one too as well as a spare to give Alex when his hands are free. I take a bite and can’t help but let out a sigh as I have the first taste of chocolatey goodness. 
Once Maggie makes her way downstairs, escorted by the ever so chivalrous Shaun, we head inside, stepping carefully over the pieces of splintered door and begin putting my groceries. away. Shaun bounces up the stairs energetically and Alex pokes him in the ribs. 
“Flirting with the old lady huh? Is there something you want to tell us man?” he laughs. Shaun raises an eyebrow. 
“Dude, if you tried that old lady’s baking you would be hitting on her too. I’m hoping for more treats, and maybe for a few of her recipes…” he trails off thoughtfully. Alex looks. disappointed. 
“They’re that good? I would taken one if I had known they’re worth seducing an old 
lady! Why didn’t anyone tell me?” he demands. All the guys laugh and I clear my throat 
loudly. All the men instantly fall silent and turn to me. Woah, I didn’t expect that to be so 
effective. 
“Uh, I grabbed a spare for you Alex. Didn’t seem fair for you to miss out because you were busy working.” Shaun makes an ‘awwww‘ sound and shoves Alex towards us. I laugh and gesture for him to take the remaining brownie. He takes a small nibble at the edge before taking a large bite and groaning in pleasure. 
“Oh wow. You weren’t kidding. Someone call the old lady back up here, I think I’m in love.” he declares dramatically. I can’t help but grin. 
“She really is gifted, and spends a lot of time practising. I’m the guinea pig for most of her recipes, I think she’s enjoying having some other taste testers around. She’s been bringing the guards here treats for months now.” Shaun nods enthusiastically. 
2/4 
65- Cameras and chocolate 
“No kidding, that woman is an angel. I volunteered for extra shifts on more than one occasion just to have her cooking. Even Aaron here is a sucker for them.” I turn to face Aaron who gives a single nod and a slight smirk. A thought occurs to me. 
“Aaron, did you volunteer to be my guard for the treats?” I ask suspiciously. 
“It didn’t hurt.” he responds quietly. I roll my eyes. Shaun gasps. 
“Does that mean I won’t get to see Maggie regularly anymore? This is awful. I might have to move in. What do you think miss Gale? I could sleep on your couch.” At that Aaron responds. 
“Our Alpha might have something to say about that.” He mutters, a completely blank expression on his face. I pout at him. Sure he knows there’s something between Bellamy and I, but I really thought he was the one person I wouldn’t have to hear anything from. Mostly because getting him to speak is like ripping teeth. Shaun smirks in response and opens his mouth to speak. 
“Not a word.” I glare at him. He looks away immediately before responding. 
“Of course, miss Gale.” but he looks entirely too happy with himself. Alex is looking curiously between the group of us, obviously a bit lost. 
“Why would Alpha Kane care if-” he freezes mid sentence and looks me over curiously. 
“Actually, never mind.” I don’t think I want to know what conclusions he’s come to. I can’t help but sigh. Embarrassed, I silently put away the last of my groceries and begin organising my cleaning supplies. I find the new laundry detergent and set that aside to take to the communal laundry room that the building shares. I almost jump out of my skin when Shaun 
calls out. 
“Oh SHIT! I totally forgot.” he pulls a folded piece of paper out of his pocket. 
“Alpha Kane asked me to give this to you.” I take the note and thank him. Bellamy writing notes like this is kind of adorable. Like he could just text me but instead he writes out notes and leaves them for me or has people deliver them. Maybe I should write him a note 
sometime? I unfold the paper. 
3/4 
65- Cameras and chocolate 
*Ryann, 
I hope your day is going well so far. As you will have noticed by now I made the promised 
arrangements for your security. I am also operating from the assumption that you will accept Aaron as your permanent guard (he asked me this morning, please let me know ASAP if you have some issue with this, I want you to be as comfortable with the arrangement as possible.) The setup is intended to be something like what Megs has. Aaron will arrive at your home at 7am each day from now on and stay until you are settled in at home for the night. As you work evening shifts a lot and like to sleep in you may want to change this start time with him to something later. Make sure to get his phone number as well, you will need it if you decide to go out in the evening or something. His contract includes staying on call and if he is not available or wants time off he will arrange it with you or find his own replacement and inform you. a reasonable plan to give him some decent free time. 
nsure you will work out He doesn’t have to stay when you’re staying home, when you’re here or when you’re with me. 
I know this whole situation makes you feel awkward and I really want to thank you again for tolerating it. I know I don’t make things easy, my life seems to come with a lot of strings. If there’s anything I can do to make this better for you please let me know. 
Missing you already, 
Bellamy 
###Chapter 66
66- Promises and photos 
I can’t help but smile and I tuck the note from Bellamy into a drawer I have in my kitchen. The one everyone seems to have that is full of random stationary, tea towels and other odds and ends. I tap Aaron on the arm to get his attention, he is preoccupied opening the packaging on my new microfibre cleaning cloths. 
“Bellamy says we should negotiate a schedule or something for you. I work mostly evenings. and sometimes the lunch shift, but I never really start before eleven. Maybe we could make your start time nine and just take each day as it comes until we figure it out in more detail?” i suggest. Aaron nods. I already traded numbers with him and all the other guards I’ve had ages ago so that’s not a problem. I’m still not thrilled with having to have security in the first place, but this probably won’t be so bad. I pull out my phone and text Bellamy. 
Ryann- Got your note. Of course I’m happy to have Aaron here. We’ve made a temporary plan until we work out our schedules a bit better. Thankyou for compromising and trying to see my side of things, I really do appreciate it. 
I hesitate briefly before adding: 
XO Ryann. 
I hit send before I can overthink it too much. Blushing and hiding my face behind my slightly damp hair so that none of the guys will comment. Bellamy replies quickly. 
Bellamy- Is that a promise? 
Bellamy- Because this is. XOXOXO 
I drop my phone and excuse myself to my room for a few minutes to get my laundry together. I need a second to compose myself. Bellamy’s blatant flirting is completely embarrassing. But I think, despite that, I do actually like it. It makes me feel wanted. Once I feel like I can face everyone without making a total fool of myself, I strip my bed and stack my blankets and sheets on top of my half full laundry hamper. It’s heavy and awkward and I stumble out of my room carrying it and doing my best not to tip it everywhere. Aaron takes it from me. 
1/4 
66- Promises and photos 
“You don’t have to do that. I can carry it myself.” I point out. He shrugs. 
“Of course miss Gale.” he responds but doesn’t give it back. Well, whatever. I pause a moment for Shaun to move out of the doorway and lead Aaron to the laundry room. Maggie installed two of those fancy washer/dryer machines. I usually try not to use both at once because someone else might want to use one, but I really want to get my bedding clean, it’s a big clean up day so screw it. I load them up and we head back to my home where I start scrubbing the kitchen. Aaron grabs a cloth and starts helping. 
“Okay,you really, really don’t need to help me clean.” I insist, my arms crossed across my chest. Aaron just continues working. Seriously, he’s making me feel so guilty. He’s not here to 
do 
my work for me! He’s not done this before. But to be fair I’ve been making him stay outside for the last few months, and before that I wasn’t home much. Well whatever, he can. help out today if he wants to. I guess that it would probably get boring following someone around all day. I don’t think I could stand around and watch someone clean and not help. Once the kitchen is finished we all discuss lunch and decide to all throw in for pizza. Alex orders online from a laptop he brought with him. He mentions something about needing it to check the cameras later. While we wait for the delivery I finish cleaning my bedroom and bathroom. Tired, but satisfied with my work, I collapse onto my couch with a plate of pizza when it arrives. All three guys join me for lunch, Aaron takes the couch beside me while. Shaun and Alex drag the chairs from my tiny table over so that we can all sit together. 
“So how is it that you guys know how to change doors and install security cameras and stuff? Don’t you need licences and things? Like actual qualifications?” I question. Shaun looks at me. 
funny. 
“You’re only asking this now? We’ve been around for months! Alpha Kane manages several businesses that he inherited as Alpha. Most of them he delegates to others. The biggest one is a security company. Us Shifters do have an obsession with protecting and we’re all naturally paranoid. It’s a good fit for us. Alex runs the surveillance department. Aaron and I are usually assigned to more of the bodyguard roles, but we’ve all had practice setting up a site.” he explains. My jaw drops. 
“Oh, I honestly had no idea. Thanks.” I resolve to ask Bellamy about these businesses he’s apparently responsible for later. I know he’s the Alpha but I didn’t realise there were actual official businesses. No wonder he’s so busy. I suppose his money has to come from somewhere, he and Megan certainly have never appeared to be hurting for cash. 
2/4 
66- Promises and photos 
After lunch Aaron and I grab my laundry and at my direction he dumps it all in the corner of my room by my bed. 
“I’ll sort it out later. I don’t really feel like it right now.” Okay so really I just hate folding laundry. It’s pretty much my least favourite household chore. Procrastinating, I decide to watch a movie in the living room instead. I consider picking something everyone will enjoy but none of the guys are paying any attention to me at all. Shaun is on a step ladder hooking up some kind of wire to my windows. Alex is showing Aaron something on his laptop that looks like some kind of digital sketch. A plan of some kind? I throw on a romcom that I’ve 
up on the couch. probably watched a dozen times, grab one of my clean blankets and curl up Alex and Shaun bicker about the best placement for the wiring and I take the time to check in on Megan. I contemplate the best way to ask how she is holding up without seeming like I’m checking in on her. Since she’s all about avoidance and distractions right now. I lean back on the couch and take a selfie where the guys are visible in the background, although they all 
have their backs to me. 
Ryann – Contemplating if your brother is completely overdoing it with the whole security thing or if I’m getting out of this easy. Thoughts? -IMG 002- 
It doesn’t take her long at all to answer. 
Megan- Depends, what exactly have you guys agreed to? 
Megan- And tell everyone I said hi! 
I pass on her message. Shaun and Alex both enthusiastically call out greetings. Aaron waves. I can’t help but giggle at his silent response. 
Ryann- They said hi back, well Aaron waved but same thing. XD And I agreed to a guard during the day and a new security system at my place. 
Ryann- Also Aaron volunteered to become my permanent guard. Any ideas why he would do that It can’t be that interesting a job… 
Megan- You got out of that easy. I bet my brother lasts one night leaving you alone. And Aaron obviously volunteered because you’re going to be Alpha with my brother one day and the job is considered an honour. If you went public with my brother I’m pretty sure you would 
3/4 
66- Promises and photos 
have dozens of volunteers. He’s being sneaky and getting in early. Smart guy! 
Ryann- I have no idea how I am meant to respond to that so I am going to just gloss over it. Anyway, how’s your day going? 
When my phone goes off next I expect it to be a message from Megan but I’m surprised to see that it’s Harrison. 
###Chapter 67
67- Codes and cocktails 
Harry- Hey, wanna help me with a project? 3 
Ryann- Should I be afraid…. 
Megan- Class is boring. I was hoping for something more interesting today but it’s all just a recap of stuff we’ve done before-_- 
Harry- Nope. It’s a fun project. Help me think of the weirdest most obscure cocktails. Bonus points if they have fun names. 
Ryann- I have no idea. Just a sec, I’ll add Megan to the chat and you can ask her. 
I create a group chat with Megan and Harry. Harry instantly changes the group name. 
Harry changed the group name to SHENANIGANS 
Harry- Hello Megan, I’ve heard a lot about you. 
Megan- Hi Harry and same! 
Harry- Okay so here’s the goal. We’re trying to think of the weirdest cocktails. Bonus points if they have interesting names. 
Ryann- Interesting how? 
Megan- Dirty. He means dirty names Ryann. You do, right Harry? 
Harry- ;) 
Ryann- Riiight… 
Megan- Okay well there are the obvious ones, Sex on the Beach, Slippery Nipple etc. but you 
don’t need our help to come up with those. 
1/5 
67- Codes and cocktails 
Harry- The aim of the game is to make the bartender react. I’ve already tried the basics. 
Ryann- I get the feeling that there’s a story here somewhere. Why are you trying to make bartenders blush? 
Harry- It’s a useful skill…. 
Megan- No way that’s the reason. There has to be more to this! 
Harry- Maybe there is, maybe there isn’t. You’ll never know. 
Ryann- How about we make a deal. We help you think of drink names and you have to tell us the reaction you get when you order them. 
Megan- Ooooh yes! 
Harry- Fine. 
Megan changed the name of the group to COCK TALES 
I can’t help myself, I burst out laughing. Not the quiet, cute kind of laughing. The insane, rolling around, nearly falling off the couch kind of laughing. I do drop my phone on the floor but I manage not to hit the ground myself. I pull myself together and notice all the guys are staring at me like I’m crazy. 
“You alright there?” Alex asks, staring like I’m a creature in a zoo. I wave him off as I lean off the edge of the couch. I basically have to crawl half off it to reach my phone but I just refuse to stand up. I’m sure I look absolutely ridiculous but I just don’t care. 
“I’m all good. Just dropped my phone Megan is being funny is all.” They all shrug and get back to work. It’s only been a minute but I have more messages in the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
Harry- A girl after my own heart <3 
2/5 
67- Codes and cocktails 
Megan- You’re an Incubus asking for dirty drink ideas. The pun was bound to come up 
eventually. 
Harry- Can’t argue there. Now, I need ideas. 
Megan- Pornstar Martini? 
Megan- French Kiss shot? 
Megan- Panty Dropper? 
Harry- Keep ‘em coming. I’m making a list. 
Megan- Screaming orgasm, Blowjob shot, Sex in the Driveway… 
Harry and Megan spend the next hour listing drinks most of which I have never heard of. They get very into it and eventually I’m not even sure they’re listing real drinks anymore. They might just be making up names that sound good. I don’t even notice when my movie ends until Alex clears his throat behind me and this time I jerk so hard I DO fall off the couch. I somehow end up tangled up in my blanket and after a moment of struggling I give up and just stay where I am on the floor. Hoping to regain some sense of dignity, I straighten the blanket around me and turn to face Alex who is watching me with an amused expression. He is clearly trying his best not to laugh at my clumsiness. 
“Ah, miss… miss Gale. Are you okay? Do you need a hand?” I begin to shake my head no then. change my mind. 
“Uh yeah, I probably could use some help detangling myself. I’m not quite sure how I managed this.” Alex does an admirable job of keeping a straight face while he helps me pull the blanket off my legs. He grabs my hand and pulls me to my feet, but he pulls a little too hard and I fall straight into him with a thump, smashing my head painfully against his chest. He lets out a grunt as I basically ram into him and knock the breath from him. 
“Sorry!” I back off immediately and tumble back into the couch. Shaun bounces over next to 
Alex, 
grinning at his friend he turns and winks at me. 
3/5 
67- Codes and cocktails 
“Careful with this one, don’t wanna piss off Alpha Kane, he’s very protective of this one” he laughs. Alex looks a little horrified. 
“I was just trying to help, this is why I prefer working from the office. It’s less stressful.” I roll 
my eyes. 
“You guys are being dramatic. Alex, you did nothing wrong. Thanks for attempting to help. How is everything going?” Alex’s face brightens. 
“We are just about done. I’ll walk you through your new setup.” 
Alex shows me how my windows now have locks that look like something out of a sci–fi movie. My door is apparently some special thing that looks like regular wood but has a steel panel inside. The doorframe itself has also been reinforced similarly although you wouldn’t know from looking at it. I don’t know exactly what they’ve done but I can’t see any of the wires or cameras. Alex points out a tiny little camera lens that is visible above my front door. He borrows my phone for a minute and sets up some app that allows me to view the camera and it shows a good image of the area outside my front door. He promises there will be a second camera view added later that shows the car park but will be finished up tomorrow when they do Maggie’s place. He did explain why, something about the wiring but honestly I didn’t completely understand it and I just nodded along. He explains that the security 
y system is armed with my phone. It will go off every time the door is accessed but all i have to do to confirm my entry is enter a passcode on my phone. The same rule applies to the windows. There is also a help button in the phone app menu that will call them immediately, but if the alarm goes off and I don’t set the code within a minute it will automatically set an alert off for them and they will arrive as fast as physically possible. He has me practice entering the code a few times and gets me to change it to something I will remember, but something not too obvious. Really the same rules for all passcodes, don’t use your birthday or anything people will immediately guess after looking you up online. He makes me promise not to tell anyone 
and then shows me how I can access the app online from a guest phone if for some reason mine is missing, but it will only allow me to do that one time before I have to have someone come and confirm my safety and set up a new device. By the time he finishes. 
explaining, I have a headache. Although I have to admit it’s almost adorable how excited Alex is about the system. He apparently designed it, and is beyond proud. 
4/5 
###Chapter 68
Strings of Fate 
68- Laundry and loneliness 
Their work done for the day, Shaun and Alex head off, although Shaun takes a moment to call out to Maggie as she waves at them from her window. 
“We will be back in the morning, bright and early!” I don’t hear Maggie’s answer, but Shauns response is to let out a piercing wolf whistle and wink at her. 
“Oh now I’m going to be up all night dreaming about tomorrow morning.” He blows her a kiss out the car window as they drive off. He is really laying it on thick, she must have offered to make something really nice tomorrow morning. I find Aaron examining my windows. After poking and prodding at them for a few minutes he seems content. He pulls out his own phone and checks the camera system. He is set up as a second user. From what I understand he can’t set the code to turn off the alarm, but he can check the cameras and if the alarm goes off it alerts his phone. As my guard he is apparently responsible for making sure the security system is working and getting it fixed if something is wrong. Which is a good thing because I would have no idea. Finally content with the situation he gives me a nod and makes a phone call. I can only hear his side of the conversation. 
“Alpha Kane… Yes… Yes… Understood. Thank you.” He hangs up. Well all I got from that is that he was talking to Bellamy. 
“That was Bellamy?” I confirm. Aaron nods. 
“You confirmed the security is set up?” Another single nod. 
“Does that mean you can go home now? Not that I’m trying to chase you out or anything, but I don’t want to keep you here for no reason, you have a life too I’m sure.” Aaron shrugs one shoulder and gives me a slight smile. 
“Okay I have no idea what that means. Are you staying or not?” He shrugs again and I roll my 
eyes. 
“You are totally doing this on purpose. I know you can talk. But whatever, if you wanna stay silent that’s completely up to you. So, I start work at eleven am tomorrow. I don’t intend to go anywhere else tonight. So if you’re allowed to leave then feel free. Be here by ten thirty at 
1/4 
68- Laundry and loneliness 
the latest, ten if you want to get brunch together before my shift. You can hang out here or leave. Whatever you want. As I said earlier, make yourself at home.” I stare at him with my arms crossed waiting for his response. I think I see a glimmer of a smile before his serious. expression slides back into place. 
“Goodnight Miss Gale.” With that, he turns and sees himself out. I go to lock the door behind him but apparently it automatically locks itself now. That’s cool I suppose. After all the power tools and chattering from Shaun and Alex today, it is actually almost creepy in here, too quiet. It’s also starting to get dark but I haven’t turned on any lights so it’s hard to 
see. I 
hadn’t realised how dark it was. I head into my room and flick on my light. I sigh when I see the pile of unfolded laundry and my unmade bed. I take a few minutes to make my bed. neatly, although it seems like a waste because I’ll probably mess it up soon going to sleep. Still, there’s something satisfying about a freshly laundered and made up bed. Giving in, I finally start folding my laundry. I use the term folding loosely as what I do can barely be considered folding. It’s not neat and probably crumples the clothes more than anything, but I can’t be bothered doing a better job. I’ve only folded a few items when my phone rings. It takes me a second to find my phone, I apparently have been stacking my ‘folded‘ laundry on top of it. A glance shows me it’s Bellamy calling. I quickly answer before it rings out. 
“Hi Bellamy.” 
“Hello there, beautiful. How has your day been?” he asks. 
“Not bad. I’ve almost finished all the cleaning I meant to do, I’m just folding my laundry now. How about yours?” I swap him to speaker phone and place the phone on my bedside table so I can continue folding. Bellamy sighs. 
“It was fine. Nothing special, just a lot of very dull meetings today. I’m jealous you’ve gotten everything done. I have so much left to do tonight and another appointment arriving soon. A Vampire representative is stopping by but of course they only come for late appointments. In the meantime, I’m procrastinating paperwork. Although paperwork isn’t nearly as awful when you’re here with me. I don’t suppose I’m going to see you tonight though. Aaron has signed out so I assume you don’t plan to come over.” He lets out a deep sigh. 
“Oh. Were you expecting me to?” It didn’t occur to me that Bellamy might have been wanting me to come over again this evening. He didn’t ask me to, and I saw him this morning already. 
2/4 
Laundry and loneliness 
“No, no it’s okay” he quickly assures me. 
“I didn’t mean it in a pushy way. I was hoping I would be able to stop by your place and bring you dinner or something. This meeting was a last minute thing. Have you eaten dinner yet?” 
“No but I picked up ingredients. I’ll make something in a bit. I just want to finish putting away my laundry.” Bellamy and I keep chatting while I put away my badly folded clothes. I tell him about Shaun and Alex flirting with Maggie and he tells me more about his work and the businesses he is responsible for. He mostly delegates the day to day matters but seems to have a lot of big picture decisions and paperwork to take care of. Plus the duties as Alpha. We keep talking while I make dinner and he stays on the line while I eat. Tired, I drop my dishes in the sink and go collapse into my bed. I notice a low power notification on my phone. 
“Oh one 
one second, we’ve been on the phone a while and it’s going flat. I’ll plug it in by my bed. You know it is so weirdly quiet here now that there’s no one else hanging around. I’d almost gotten used to it. Although it’s nice not to feel babysat for once.” Bellamy is quiet. 
“Is everything alright?” I ask. He sighs. 
“You know I don’t love the idea of you being alone. I know it’s what you want but it makes 
me worry.” He admits. 
“Isn’t that the whole point of this new fancy security set up? So you don’t have to worry 
about me?” I remind him. 
“I can’t help myself. It’s just how I am.” He says, frustration clear in his tone. 
“Is there anything I can do to make it easier for you, other than just having a babysitter twenty four seven?” I offer. Bellamy is quiet a moment and I can practically hear the wheels. in his brain turning. 
5 
“In your security app can you program it so your alarm system will alert me if there’s a problem? You should just need to add my phone number.” He suggests quietly. 
“Sure, I don’t see why not. I’ll do that now.” I fiddle with the settings until I successfully add Bellamy to the alert system. 
3/4 
68- Laundry and loneliness. 
“Is there anything else?” I question. This time he answers almost too fast. 
“I want you to check in with me.” I’m not quite sure what he’s asking for. 
“Check in when? How? I need more information than that.” I prompt him. 
“I wan 
want to establish regular times for us to check in with each other so I know you’re okay. Then if I don’t hear from you I can come searching for you.” He explains. That doesn’t sound super unreasonable, but something about Bellamy’s tone tells me there’s something I won’t like about the idea. 
###Chapter 69
69- Family and facetime 
“That doesn’t sound completely unreasonable. I mean it does, but if it makes you feel better I could probably do it. When do you want me to check in?” 
“How often are you willing to check in?” 
“How often do you want me to?” 
“As much as possible. Every hour.” He responds. Okay now he’s being unreasonable. 
“Bellamy.” I respond, a clear rejection in my tone. 
“Okay, okay. I know that’s a bit ridiculous. But you asked how often I WANT to hear from you, not how often I expect is reasonable. How about every three hours?” He tries again. I sigh. 
“Counter offer. Four times a day. When I wake up, and then once every four hours. You’ll know the time based on what time I wake up. And Aaron can message on my behalf if I’m working.” I offer. It does sound a bit annoying, but messaging the guy I’m seeing a few times a day doesn’t seem that weird, besides if it makes him feel better I don’t mind. As long as he doesn’t try to limit my actions I can tolerate it. Besides, based on what Megan and Darrien. have told me, if I help him feel secure he should back off a little eventually. 
“Done! And Thankyou. I know I can be a bit extreme, but please try and forgive me in advance. You might not like the whole physical and public aspects of this relationship very much because it’s new to you. But I’ve never had a mate before either and it might take some time to learn to settle my… protective instincts. But I swear I am trying.” he says earnestly. 
“I know that. If you weren’t trying so hard to make me comfortable believe me I would not be nearly so cooperative. I’m not the one worried about my safety, I’m doing this for you.” I stop there and hope he catches my implication that I’m doing it because I care about his feelings. Bellamy laughs. 
“I know. I do find it amusing that you come across so passive and compliant when you’re around strangers. You’ve never had a problem stating your opinion and sticking to it when with your friends and family. I’m not surprised through, you’re meant to be an Alpha with 
1/5 
69- Family and facetime. 
me.” He comments. I’m stuck halfway through the sentence. 
“Family…” I trail off. 
“Hmm? What was that?” 
“You said family. I’m not sure what you mean by it,” I answer quietly. 
“Ryann. Sweetheart isn’t that obvious? I meant Megan and myself obviously. Darrien too I suppose, but he still needs to earn the title.” He adds reluctantly. I choke, stuck somewhere between laughing and crying. I’ve wanted a real family my whole life and he just declared. that I have one without so much as pausing. I know I claimed Darrien as my brother but part of me just considered that wishful thinking. I don’t think Bellamy realises what a big deal this is to me because I can hear snaps of conversation he has having with someone on the other 
end of the line. He lets out a deep sigh. 
“Apparently my next appointment just arrived at the front gate, I have to go.” He says. reluctantly. I find I’m more disappointed than I thought I would be. I think back over our conversation and realise there’s something I really need to address before he goes. 
“Right, Uhm, well… before you go..,” I stop and take a steadying breath. 
“What is it” he asks curiously. 
“Well… you said something about me not liking the… physical aspects of this… us… very much. That’s… not right. It scares me a bit and makes me uncomfortable but I don’t dislike…” I trail off, struggling for words. Why am I so pathetic. This shouldn’t be so hard to talk about. 
“It’s okay Ry, I understand. Really.” His voice sounds funny and he groans. 
“My appointment is here but I don’t want to hang up. I want to see you.” He complains, his voice almost a whine. He perks up a little. 
“I can’t believe I didn’t think of this before, switch to FaceTime so I can see you before my meeting. Please?” His tone is pleading and I can’t bring myself to refuse. Blushing furiously, I swap to FaceTime. I hold my phone out awkwardly not sure how close I am meant to be to the camera. Bellamy pops up on the screen. I think he’s sitting at his desk. His golden eyes 
2/5 
69- Family and facetime 
look so bright over the phone camera I can’t help but stare at them. He grins at me. 
“You are so beautiful, I miss you already.” I blush harder and drop my gaze. I can hear a knock on his office door but Bellamy doesn’t react. 
“You need to go.” I remind him. He sighs. 
“I know, I know. I just don’t want to go. When will I see you next?” 
“Uhm… tomorrow evening. If you’re free?” I offer. 
“I’ll do whatever it takes to make sure I am. Goodnight, sweet dreams.” he says sweetly. I 
wave at him awkwardly. 
“Night.” I quickly hang up before I can embarrass myself. 
I spend the next couple minutes scrolling through my group chat with Megan and Harry. They kept coming up with increasingly weird drinks right up until Harry said he was heading into the bar. That was about half an hour ago. 
COCK TALES 
Harry–Okay, heading in now. Wish me luck. 
Megan- Luck. Now GO and tell us how she reacts. 
Ryann- I’m behind here. I was on the phone with Bellamy. Do we know who the bartender is yet? You said she… 
Megan- Nah, I just assumed and he hasn’t corrected me soo… 
Harry. Of course the bartender is a woman. I’m not researching creative cocktails to get 
attention from a man! 
Ryann- Alright, alright. Just checking. Is she cute? 
3/5 
69- Family and facetime 
Harry- IMG.1 
He sends a selfie. He’s winking at the camera and once again I’m struck with how easily he could be mistaken for an actor or something. He really is gorgeous. Dark hair, blue eyes. It occurs to me that I should really ask what he actually does for a living. I search the photo and I can see a woman in the background of the photo. It’s blurry, all I can really make out is that she has wavy blonde hair and that she seems pretty short. At least I think she is based on how low she is behind the bar. 
Megan- Oooh sneaky pic. She is cute. You should totally tell us what bar you’re at. We could investigate. 
Harry- Maybe some other time… 
Ryann- So what drink did you order? 
Harry- I ordered a Blowjob. 
Megan- XD and how did that turn out? Did she react? 
Harry- Not sure. Her polite bartender expression didn’t crack. But the drink I got wasn’t what 
I ordered. 
Ryann- What did she give you? 
Harry- I’m not sure. 
Harry describes the drink, colour, taste and what he saw her putting in it. Megan and I both start researching. 
Megan- I think I found it! 
Ryann- Yeah? 
Harry– 
4/5 
69- Family and facetime. 
Megan- I think the drink is called Blue Balls… LOL! 
Ryann- Wow okay that’s kind of amazing. I think I want to meet this bartender chick. She sounds fun! Where exactly are you Harry? 
Harry- Not telling. I am, however, going to go and order another drink. I’ll talk to you girls later, I think this situation requires my full attention ;) 
Ryann- That poor woman. 
Megan- Yeah… 
Ryann- Good luck Harry. I think you might need it! 
Megan ;) 
###Chapter 70
70- Experience and events 
I glance at the time before setting my morning alarm and dropping my phone on the side table. It’s late enough that I could go to bed if I wanted to. But I don’t feel like it just yet, I might watch a movie to wind down. Not a TV show though. If I pick something with episodes I might get invested and the result will probably be an all night binge. I dont have the self control for just one or two episodes. I grab my laptop and get comfy under my freshly washed covers. I sink into my endless pile of pillows and then realise I didn’t turn off the light and curse quietly under my breath. Ugh, those stupid clapper, snapper light switching inventions don’t seem so stupid right now. With the kind of reluctance I imagine most people save for having teeth pulled, I crawl out of my nest of pillows and turn off the light. I get comfy again, pick a movie and watch it till the end. I’m very nearly asleep when it finishes so I just close. 
step on it my laptop and place it carefully on the ground by my bed. I’ll be careful not to step when I get up, I place it there so often it might as well be it’s permanent location. 
I jerk awake to the sound of my phone chirping. At first, I assume it’s my alarm waking me up. for the day, but that can’t be right, it’s not even close to morning yet. I check my phone and find I have a message from megan. 
Megan- You up? 
Remembering Megan’s nightmares I decide to call her rather than text back. She picks up on 
the first ring- 
“Hy Ry.” She greets me. Her tone is small and almost child–like. From those two words alone, I can tell that she is on the edge of tears. 
“Aw honey. Are we talking about what’s wrong or are we talking about literally anything else?” I offer. Megan lets out a small sniffle. 
“I think we’ve already talked about what needs discussing. Let’s talk about something else.” She requests. I wrack my sleepy brain for a topic of conversation. I settle on her classes, that should be a safe enough topic. 
“You know, we’ve both been so busy lately, you’ve never actually mentioned what you are. actually studying. I know you’re taking university classes, what’s your goal?” I question. Megan lets out a half laugh. 
1/4 
70- Experience and events 
“It’s so strange that you don’t know that. I guess I forget that we’ve only known each other for a few months. It feels like we’ve known each other forever. I’m taking a course on event management.” she answers, she already sounds less miserable so I push on.. 
“Did you have a career in mind?” I ask cheerfully. 
“I didn’t before. I chose it originally because I wanted to get a degree of some kind. I’ve always liked studying. But I chose my topic at random based on what seemed interesting at the time. Although recently. Very recently that is, I’m thinking I might want to pursue the area further. My plan and goal for my life used to be to fall in love, get married and maybe have a few kids. But now 
I’m thinking I might need a new dream. One that doesn’t depend on anyone else to make it happen. I did enjoy planning for my reception and wedding. It might be interesting to see if I can find a new goal in that kind of area. Maybe an event planning business?” Megan sounds nervous. Almost like she’s asking if it’s a good idea or even just expecting me to shoot it down. I rush to reassure her. 
“I think that’s an amazi 
idea. You would be so good at it. I can’t wait to see the things you do. And you do know that deciding to have a career doesn’t mean you can’t have a family. You’ve had an awful experience, but don’t give up just yet okay? I think you should aim for both.” I add seriously. Megan is quiet for a minute then lets out a deep breath. 
“I guess we will have to see how it all turns out. If I don’t end up with kids I’ll just have to spoil yours.” I start choking into the phone, not sure how to respond to that. Bellamy and I aren’t even close to having children yet. Does he even want children? Do I? We haven’t actually discussed it. Well except for that one time he mentioned us having hypothetical kids. Does that mean he does want children? I’ve never been able to imagine having any, but that’s because I can barely afford to take care of myself, much less someone else. That wouldn’t be the case anymore with Bellamy. Why did Megan have to bring this up? I’m never going to sleep now! Megan is practically howling with laughter on the other end of the line. 
“You know. I am definitely getting ahead of myself. Oh by the way, I’ve already decided what my first big event will be.” she starts. I jump on the topic, hoping to move away from. discussing my potential offspring. 
“Really? That’s great! What event?” I ask eagerly. Megan answers seriously. 
“An Alpha’s wedding of course. They’re traditionally huge events. You and Bellamy’s wedding 
2/4 
70- Experience and events 
is going to make my failed trip down the aisle look like nothing in comparison!” Megan is already laughing again. I groan. 
“Megan!” I whine. She keeps laughing. 
“You know, there might not be a set date yet but there is still plenty to plan. I might as well start planning now since I can’t sleep anyway. Night Ryann!” I hear a click and realise Megan has hung up on me before I could complain. That girl is an absolute menace. Feeling a little vengeful, I take a moment to type out a text to Darrien. 
Ryann- Hey did you know that Megan’s big life dream is to get married and have a big family? 
I’m surprised when he answers right away. I thought he might be sleeping. 
Darrien- I didn’t know that, but I’m not surprised by it. I’ll have to find a chance to mention how much I like kids. Thanks for the tip ;) 
I lie there staring at my messages for a few minutes. I think I’ve sent more messages today than I have in my entire life. I remember Bellamy saying that they’re my family. Megan messaged me because she’s having nightmares, Darrien thanked me for advice. For the first time in a long time I feel like people would notice if I wasn’t around. It makes me feel important. I feel a wave of sympathy for Bellamy. I don’t know what I would do if anything happened to my new family. So I guess I can understand why he’s so stressed about my 
safety. He keeps apologising for being overbearing, but essentially he is just showing 
that he cares. I feel a little ungrateful for how I’ve responded to it lately. I remember him saying he didn’t want to hang up without seeing me. Wishing me sweet dreams. Impulsively, I sit up and flick on my light, blinking in the brightness I settle back against my pillows and open my phone camera. I take a video of myself blowing a kiss. I refuse to play it back in case I look stupid and chicken out. Instead, I send it to Bellamy. 
Ryann- Sweet dreams Bellamy…-MOV.1 
###Chapter 71
71- Spells and strings 
I stare at the message for a good few minutes, alternating between being excited, proud and horrified that I sent it. Bellamy doesn’t answer right away like he usually does. At first I’m anxious about it, but I remind myself that it’s the middle of the night and he’s probably asleep. I’m sure he will answer in the morning. I’m not even sure what kind of response I’m hoping for. It’s ridiculous to be disappointed. 
I don’t know exactly when I fell back to sleep, but I wake up clutching my phone as my alarm goes off. Actually I wake up and I’m so shocked to find it in my hand that I accidentally throw it across the room. It’s not actually THAT early. But I was up late and I hate mornings. I drag. myself out of bed and turn off the alarm. I still have no answer from Bellamy. I blush bright red as I remember the video I sent last night. Okay, I’m definitely regretting it now. It’s just so embarrassing. He probably hasn’t answered because he is trying to be nice and ignore how ridiculous I am. Sighing, I do as I promised him yesterday. 
Ryann- Good morning Bellamy. This is me checking in as promised. 
Bellamy- Morning Ry  thank you for messaging. I’m looking forward to seeing you later 
today. 
He answers me immediately. So he did get the video message then. Unless… maybe it didn’t send? I’ve never sent a video message before. I’m too shy to ask him about it so I just leave my phone on my bed and go shower and get ready for work. 
Aaron knocks on my door at ten am exactly. I let him in and use my new app thing to confirm with security that there’s no issue. As usual Aaron is basically silent. I shrug it off and go about my normal routine. We walk towards my work, stopping off on the way at a little cafe to grab a late breakfast/early lunch. This is pretty much routine for me on days when I work through the lunch rush. I tell Aaron about my agreement to check in with Bellamy regularly and that he will have to message on my behalf at one pm as I’ll be working. It’s only a short four hour shift today. I’m working through lunch but not dinner. 
The supervisors at my work have gotten used to having Shifter guards hovering around at this point. I do take the time to let them know that Aaron will be the permanent guard from now on rather than the several people who have been alternating previously. My supervisor just shrugs it off and says there’s no harm in having a visual reminder for everyone else that 
1/3 
71- Spells and strings 
Borderline is a safe place. People tend to forget what they can’t see. Out of sight, out of mind and all that. It’s a concept I know well. I usually have more confidence in people’s relationships than they do, because I can see the proof that most people want so badly. It’s a big part of why I don’t advertise my abilities. Everyone wants to know if they’re with the right. person. In theory that is. They tend to find it confronting actually hearing the truth, particularly if it’s not what they want to hear. I think about Bellamy and the confusion we went through. For someone like him he might be better off being able to see the proof. I’m serving a pair of Witches when I’m struck by inspiration for a token for Bellamy. I resolve to go shopping as soon as my shift finishes. It’s a busy shift and time passes quickly. Aaron catches my attention with a wave and holds up his phone at one to let me know he sent the check in message to Bellamy. I probably won’t have to send another today unless I take a lot longer shopping than I plan to. I’ll head over to see Bellamy right after work. He might be busy though, I haven’t actually checked his or Megan’s plans. Oh well. I can always wait or head home if needed. I won’t want to wait to give Bellamy his gift. I’ll get too nervous. 
I finish work and meet Aaron at the door. 
“Hey. I want to do a bit of shopping. Is that alright? Oh are you hungry? We can stop for food if you want.” I offer. Aaron shrugs. I take that to mean ‘maybe but only if something catches my eye.‘ I’m going to have to make two stops to complete Bellamy’s gift. Luckily Borderline is right next to a shopping district so I won’t have far too walk. My first destination is a craft store. I spend entirely too long looking at every kind of red thread and string that they stock until I choose a thin string. I pause out the front of the store and take a minute to do a rope braid with the string to double it up and then tie it into a loop. Aaron is watching me curiously. My project half complete, I head into a little store run by a talented coven of witches who do a lot of custom spells for people. For a price that is. Wow that sounded more sinister than I intended. They provide goods and services in exchange for money. It’s a shop. That’s what they do. Hopefully they can do what I want. I chat with a young redhead at the counter. She’s curious about my request and isn’t totally sure about how to make it happen. She eventually calls in an older, more experienced coven member and explains my goal. Eventually we agree on a plan of action and (ouch) a price. I’m going to burn through a good deal of my savings paying for this but hopefully it’ll be worth it. The witches take my string and tell me it will take them about half an hour. I browse through some of the display items. A lot of popular spells and potions are pre–made. Cleaning and dirt repelling spells are very common. I come to a collection of potions locked in a glass case. These all appear to be potions to temporarily alter a person, mentally or physically. They can only be sold by licenced stores and of course giving these to people can only be done with their knowledge or 
it’s considered assault. I notice one for dreamless sleep. When the witches return with my 
2/3 
71–Spells and strings 
order I ask about it. 
“Oh that one is useful for preventing bad dreams. The downside is it prevents good dreams. too and dreams are how people process their lives so it’s not healthy to miss them all the time. It’s mostly useful for someone who has gone through something traumatic and could desperately use just one or two good nights of sleep. It should never be used multiple nights. in a row and never more than three times in a month. It can also be quite addictive, particularly when the alternative is unpleasant dreams and exhaustion. I think of Megan. 
“Can I buy that too please? I have a friend who I think might need it. 
Chapter Comments 
13 
POST COMMENT NOW 
SHARE 
###Chapter 72
Strings of Fate 
72- Videos and vampires 
I’ll make sure she knows how to take it safely.” I assure them. The witch agreed but I had to provide my ID and let them take a copy of it. Potions that alter a person are considered a controlled substance and they need to keep a record of exactly who purchased it. Should it be misused, I would still be responsible for it as the person who purchased it. They wrap up a little bottle of the potion with written directions and warnings. They also give me a small blue box that has my special order in it. I pay a painful amount of money and collect my warranty paperwork for the spells. I get a full refund should they fail unless someone actively casts a s 
spell to break them or they come in contact with nullifying magic. Purchases in hand, Aaron and I walk back to my place. I quickly head in and change out of my work clothes into something more comfy. Nothing impressive, just some leggings and an oversized t–shirt. Then we drive to Bellamy and Megan’s place. I sit in the car out front nervously for a few minutes, fiddling with the box my gift is in. Aaron gets out and opens my car door. He gives me an approving nod and gestures at the little box. Feeling encouraged, I climb out of the car and let him lead me to the front door. 
The door opens before I can even knock.. 
“Thank you Aaron. We will call if you’re needed again.” Bellamy calls out, dragging me inside by the hand. Without waiting for a response from Aaron (not that he necessarily would have gotten one) he closes the door in his face. Before I can so much as blink Bellamy pulls me into his arms and presses his lips against mine. The kiss is hard and passionate at first. After a while, it could have been minutes or hours for all I know, he slows the kiss into something more gentle and relaxed. This is the least cautious kiss he’s ever given me. He eventually pulls back and we’re both breathing hard. I realise my back is pressed against the front door and Bellamy must be supporting most of my weight right now because my legs certainly aren’t. I meet his gaze. Bellamy’s golden eyes are practically glowing. 
“Uhm. Hello to you too?” I greet him. Bellamy chuckles and gives me a bright smile. 
“Hello beautiful.” He responds, his voice low. He begins running a hand through my hair at my scalp and I very nearly collapse into him at the feeling. It takes me a minute to 
gather my thoughts. 
“Bellamy… Don’t take this the wrong way… but what the hell was that all about?” He laughs 
again. 
1/3 
72- Videos and vampires 
“I’ve been waiting to do that since you sent me that video last night. I didn’t think a text would cut it.” He mentions the video and I realise the situation I’m in. It’s like I suddenly remember to be embarrassed and a red flush runs across my cheeks. I realise I’m tightly clutching the little blue box and the bag with the potion in one hand. I take a few deep 
breaths. 
“Uh, can I get some water?” I ask in a shaky voice. Bellamy makes sure I’m steady before releasing me. He does grab my hand though and leads me to the kitchen. He gestures for me to sit and he brings me a glass of water. I drink the whole thing immediately. 
“So how was your day?” Bellamy asks, his expression somewhere between happy and smug. I 
shrug. 
“It was fine. Nothing special. How about yours?” His face falls a little and he groans. 
“Today was long. Last night was a stressful night and I’ve been tired and distracted all day.” He sighs and his shoulders droop forward a little. I drop my shopping on the bench and hop up from my seat. I do my best to stay nonchalant but I’m not sure I succeed because Bellamy looks wary when I approach him. I wrap my arms around him in a tight hug and I swear the man melts. He wraps his arms around me and buries his face in my hair. It’s not too different to the position we were in a minute ago but it feels very different. That was passion, this is comfort. It’s not going anywhere and I find I am far more comfortable initiating this kind of physical contact because I know exactly what to expect. After a minute I let go and drag Bellamy by his arm, into his office. He goes to sit in his desk chair, but I’m feeling brave today. I direct him towards the recliner that is still where he left it for me previously. He sits, and I cautiously perch on the edge of the wide arm on the recliner behind him, leaning into his shoulder. I angle myself so I can see his face. I can practically see the tension draining from him. Everyone keeps telling me that physical contact is important to Shifters and Bellamy has made it clear that he is no different. I might not be comfortable with everything just yet, but being close to him like this I can definitely do, particularly since it so clearly has a positive effect on him. 
“Tell me about last night then.” I prompt him. 
“The meeting was with a Vampire representative. They’ve finally caught word that I’ve been on a warpath towards the Vamps for a few months now. Since they attacked us. They’re not the most organised of groups and don’t generally have much in the way of official leadership. Apparently the reason I haven’t been able to find the Vampires who attacked us is that they 
2/3 
72- Videos and vampires 
have been in hiding since that day. Their representative came with a peace offer. They owe us one favour and in exchange I stop hunting them.” He explains. Huh, that’s not what I was expecting to hear. 
“What did you tell them?” I ask. He sighs. 
“I didn’t answer. I want to say no, but since they’ve gone to the representative they’ve made an official offer of peace. If I refuse it makes me look petty. But they tried to hurt you, how can I just forget that!” Bellamy is agitated, he drops his head into his hands, running his fingers through his hair and avoiding my gaze. It takes me a minute to work out what’s wrong. He feels ashamed? But why? 
“It wasn’t personal and they haven’t tried again since. Is there some particular reason why you can’t just let it go?” He stares at me like I’m insane. 
“Of course I can’t. They attacked you, they scared you. You’re my mate. It’s my job to protect you. If they knew what you are to me they would never show up here with this cowardly offer. They would flee to the far ends of the planet to get away from me.” as he speaks he becomes more agitated until the final words are practically a growl and a threat. I sigh. That’s what this is about? He’s ashamed that he hasn’t made them pay for what? Frightening me? Threatening me? 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 73
73- Presents and potions 
I run a hand through his hair in a way I hope is soothing and he sits up, dropping his own 
hands from his hair. 
“It’s really okay Bellamy. They weren’t a real threat to you and you kept me safe. They’re doing this because they’re scared. They know they screwed up. I’m not saying what they did is okay, far from it. But if I remember correctly, they were hired by someone. It wasn’t personal, it was just a job to them. So treat this like a job too. Accept the IOU but give the condition that they need to provide any information they have about who hired them. That’s who we should really be angry at. In the long run, they’re nothing.” Bellamy looks up into my eyes. and I hold his stare. I can see the conflicting emotions in his eyes as he wages an internal battle. Finally I can see a resolution as he straightens his spine and it looks like a burden has been dropped from his shoulders. 
“You’re right. I’ll do that. I’ll send the message in the morning. Thank you.” Decision made, Bellamy looks far less anxious. I guess the indecision was difficult for him. He is a pretty decisive person. He doesn’t like to waste time going back and forth. I’m sure he already considered the idea that I ended up suggesting, but I think hearing from someone else gave him the confidence he needed to decide. I can’t believe he was actually worried I would be unhappy with him for not hunting down those Vampires. I have a fairly good idea on how to reassure him though. I hope he likes it. 
“Wait here a second, I’ll be right back. Don’t move.” I point at him and give him a mock glare. He makes a show of becoming a statue in place. I dash to the kitchen, almost stacking it as I turn through the doorway. I grab the little blue box and run back to Bellamy. He’s waiting with a curious expression. I stand in front of him, but I feel uncomfortable, like a schoolgirl standing in front of a teacher about to give a presentation. Seeing my hesitation, Bellamy opens his arms to me, a clear offer. I step forward and awkwardly let him pull me into his lap. He positions me sideways with my legs over the armrest on one side so that I can see his face properly. My anxiety must be showing because Bellamy begins rubbing soothing circles on my back. I take a steadying breath and force myself to speak. 
“I know I haven’t always been the most… receptive… to your advances and my awkwardness. has probably caused at least a little bit of insecurity on your end. I wanted to get you this gift, partly because it’s a tradition that’s important to you, and partly because I want you have the same reassurance that I have every day.” I can’t help but glance at the string 
to 
1/4 
connecting the two of us. Solid and unbreakable. It’s only a few inches long when we sit this close. I hold out the box to Bellamy and his eyes light up. He takes the box eagerly, like a kid at Christmas he looks up at me, clearly asking permission to open it. I nod nervously. He opens the box and pulls out the braided string bracelet. It glints slightly, the spells on it just 
barely showing hints of magic. I g 
barely showing hints of magic. I go straight into my explanation before he gets a chance to be 
confused. 
“It’s the exact same red as the threads I see. I had it spelled so it should repel dirt and water. It should be pretty much unbreakable to any reasonable amount of force, and it should grow or shrink to adapt to whatever form you happen to be in. There’s also a safekeeping spell. It shouldn’t fall off or come off unless you intentionally remove it…” Bellamy is staring at me wide eyed and not saying anything. I keep babbling awkwardly, filling the silence. 
“I made the bracelet, I figured it could represent our thread so you can see it too. That way if you ever do feel unsure when I inevitably do something stupid or pull away, you have the same reminder that I do. A solid, unbreakable thread. I was a bit worried it might be a little too girly to give you a bracelet, but it’s not super decorative and you could always hide it 
under long sleeves if you want. I mean you don’t have to wear it but I-” Bellamy cuts me off 
with a kiss. 
“Shh it’s perfect. The best gift I’ve ever gotten. Really.” He slides it onto his right wrist and strokes the braid reverently. 
“I don’t know any other Shifter men who’ve received a gift they can wear in both forms. This is honestly so thoughtful. I suspect when everyone finds out about us they’re going to be jealous. I bet you’re going to start a trend of spelled gifts.” Bellamy looks so elated, he is almost gloating. Megan’s voice in the hallway behind me makes me jump. Why does she keep doing that! 
“Well, I suppose you are technically in the recliner this time, but I’m not sure that’s exactly how it’s intended to be used.” she comments teasingly. I move to scramble out of Bellamy’s lap but this time he wraps an arm around my waist, holding me in place. 
“Ryann bought me a gift.” He declares proudly and I groan in embarrassment. Megan tilts her 
head to the side. 
“Oh? I know we discussed it, but I didn’t realise you had decided on something Ry.” She 
2/4 
73–Presents and polic 
comments. Bellamy holds up his wrist showing off the bracelet and begins explaining the various spells attached to it. He explains each one in far more detail and the usefulness of each spell as well as the meaning behind the bracelet. He tells her about it in such excruciating detail that I start to get embarrassed again. I stop him when I realise he’s beginning to repeat himself. 
“Huh, that is pretty cool.” Megan steps forward and reaches out as if to touch the bracelet but Bellamy pulls it back against himself defensively and I swear I hear him growl lightly under 
his breath. 
“Alright, alright, I get it. It’s yours. I won’t touch it.” Megan responds good naturedly, rolling 
her eyes. 
“That was a really creative choice Ryann, good job. But you could have warned me. He’s going to be unbearably smug for days now. Maybe even weeks.” She sighs and I laugh. 
“Sorry Megs, but it had to be done, I figured I should go through with it before I wuss out.” I explain. She shrugs. 
“I don’t think you’re nearly as cowardly as you think you are Ry. I’m pretty sure stuff like this is terrifying for everyone.” I smile at her comment. I hope that’s true. Or maybe I don’t, it wouldn’t be fun for everyone to have to feel this anxious all the time. 
“Well, since Bellamy is definitely going to want to hoard your attention tonight, I demand tomorrow night for a girl’s night. That is if you’re not working?” She questions. 
“I have the lunch shift again tomorrow. I’ll be off by three.” I inform her. 
“Excellent. I’ll expect you here by half past then.” 
“Sure, oh I have something for you too by the way, I picked up a potion for you that’s meant to help with nightmares.” I shift my weight to move off Bellamy’s lap so I can go grab it but he just tightens his arm around my waist and pulls me closer. 
###Chapter 74
74- Trip and tangle 
“Stay here.” he demands. I know if I insist he will let go, but he’s not usually so clingy, we were kind of having an emotional moment and I suspect he hasn’t finished processing that yet and isn’t ready to move on. Which makes sense because I don’t think I’ve processed it yet and I started it! Megan rolls her eyes. 
“Told you he would be all bossy tonight. I’m pretty exhausted anyway since I’ve been sleeping badly. I’m happy to just let you guys hang out. A potion to help with the nightmares would be amazing.” She looks near tears. I start to feel guilty. Maybe I should be spending time with her tonight. I don’t want to neglect my new relationship with Bellamy, but surely Megan needs up both right now. More than we need each other at least. 
“Oh, well it’s in a bag on the table. There’s about three doses. It’s a controlled substance though and I’ve signed for it so take care of it please. No sharing it. Also remember not to take it more than one night, it shouldn’t be taken consecutively for multiple nights. And you can’t have more than three doses in a month so maybe keep it for when you really need it. Ast I said, the instructions that come with it give more information and the reasons why and stuff. Please be careful with it.” I warn her. I know it’s a little risky to just hand over a controlled substance to someone. If she were to misuse it in some way then I would be the one who got in trouble for it. But I trust Megan and she needs it more than most right now. Megan seems eager at the idea of a dreamless night. 
“I think I’m going to turn in early and make the most of it. I wonder how many hours I can physically sleep in one go?” she wonders aloud. She waves and blows me a kiss. 
“Night Ry, night Bel, have a nice evening, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” Megan practically skips up the stairs. 
“Did she even eat dinner? It’s fairly early.” I comment. Bellamy shrugs around me. 
“I don’t think so, but it won’t hurt this once…” He pauses. 
“She never mentioned nightmares to me.” He sounds a little frustrated. I frown. 
“You can’t hear her in her room? She’s been waking up screaming. She was on the phone with 
1/4 
me at stupid–o–clock in the morning today.” 
“No, the private bedrooms in this house are pretty well sound–proofed for privacy. Since our hearing is pretty good and we tend to live in family groups even as adults, it’s pretty common in our homes. I don’t want to hear everything my sister gets up to in her room and I definitely don’t want her listening in on me all the time.” Bellamy shudders. I laugh. 
“And 
you question why I don’t want guards around all the time. My house isn’t all sound proofed like yours.” I point out. Bellamy perks up. 
“What exactly are you doing at night that you don’t want people listening to, and can I join in?” He remarks suggestively. I inhale a breath and somehow find myself choking on air. 
“Bellamy!” I take a second to breathe properly then roll my eyes. 
“I’m pretty sure I just told you I spent the night talking to your sister on the phone. So sure, you can join in on that if you really want.” I joke. Bellamy pouts. 
“Spoil sport.” He hesitates before continuing. 
“Seriously though. Is Megan okay? I want to help but she’s still acting like everything is fine. She didn’t mention nightmares at all.” he says sadly. 
“I think she’s doing as well as we can reasonably expect. Maybe she should find someone to talk to about it all, like a professional. I might suggest it to her later. I’m happy to chat in the middle of the night but I think she might benefit from talking to someone impartial.” I think 
aloud. 
“I agree that it would be a good idea if she’s willing. It might be too soon. I guess we can only suggest it and see how it goes.” Bellamy is looking at me funny again. Like he is still giving me his undivided attention, but I suspect in his head he is on a completely different line of thinking to where I’m at. We both fall silent for a couple minutes and Bellamy seems content to sit quietly staring at me. It’s actually making me nervous so I decide to speak up. 
“So, are you hungry?” I prompt. Bellamy grins at me. 
“I’m always hungry. What do you feel like for dinner? We could go out somewhere. Just the 
2/4 
two of us?” He suggests. 
“I don’t know, I’m not really dressed for going out anywhere. I’m not sure I have the energy to deal with people right now. I wore myself out with work and shopping today. Ignoring people’s threads and walking past, or even through what look like solid items to me is weirdly exhausting.” I explain. Bellamy looks fascinated. 
“Is it always like that?” he asks. I shrug. 
“Sometimes. It’s not so bad all the time. If people are really far apart then the threads aren’t visible, and I’m pretty good at, ignoring them for the most part. But busy crowds and groups of people can be a bit frustrating. There are so many threads all tangled together and it’s just a lot visually to deal with. I sometimes walk into people or trip over things because the threads block my view.” I complain. 
“I hadn’t thought of them like that. As something that obscures your regular vision. That would be pretty frustrating.” I shrug. 
“I guess so, but it’s always been this way for me. I don’t know what it’s like to NOT see them all the time. I guess if I went out into the middle of nowhere I might get a break, but I’ve never bothered. Most of the time it’s okay. It just wears me out sometimes, having to be careful and also not react to some of the things I see. But whatever.” I finish awkwardly. 
“Okay, so maybe something more low–key. We could order in again? Or cook something?” 
Bellamy suggests. 
“Can you cook? I’ve seen you make pancakes but that’s all I’ve seen.” I ask curiously. 
“I’m okay. Not great, but I can make basic meals. What about you?” 
“Pretty much the same. But cooking does sound nice.” 
“We might need to go shopping. It’s been a busy couple of weeks and we haven’t gotten everything done here like usual.” 
“No problem, we can go get some stuff and then make something. Do you wanna cook here or at my place? Your kitchen is better than mine but if we’re going out anyway it saves me a trip 
3/4 
going home again.” I suggest. Bellamy responds quickly. 
“Your place is fine. Can I stay over?” he asks. He doesn’t SOUND nervous, but he does look a little awkward. Like he’s trying to seem casual about it. 
“I suppose so. Just don’t go… expecting anything… alright?” I respond, trying to politely tell him I don’t plan to sleep with him. Well I do, but like real sleep not… and I mean I don’t intend to never sleep with him. I just- Okay, I’m stressing myself out in my own head. Time to stop. Bellamy smiles happily. 
“Of course, no problem. I just want to spend more time with you. No pressure.” He assures 
me. 
“I want to spend time with you too.” I admit shyly. I yelp as Bellamy stands up, lifting me 
with him. 
###Chapter 75
75- Holding and hiding 
Bellamy starts towards his office door, carrying me with him. I wrap my arms around his neck to steady myself. 
“Bellamy! What are you doing? Put me down!” I demand but I’m breathless with laughter. He pauses in the hallway. Still holding me close. 
“Do I have to? I think I’d rather 
just keep you here like this. I don’t want to let go.” I can’t 
help but laugh again.. 
“Of course you need to put me down.” I insist. 
“Hmm…” he considers me but doesn’t let go. I wriggle my way out of his arms and jump towards the ground. He catches me but lowers me to my feet gently before hooking his arms around my waist tightly holding me close against his chest. 
“Go get whatever you need to stay over at my place tonight.” I prompt him. Maybe a change. of focus is what’s needed to escape him, although I can’t say it’s unpleasant having him so close, I’m a little unsure what his goal is. Bellamy leans down and kisses my neck. 
“All I need is you.” He murmurs, snuggling into my neck. It tickles and I can’t help but push him back. He releases me immediately, tensing at first then relaxing when he realises I wasn’t stopping him because he did something wrong. He reaches for me again but I dodge him. 
“You’re very sweet, but I would recommend bringing clothes, maybe a toothbrush and your phone charger. Go on.” I skip away into the kitchen to catch my breath. It occurs to me that this is the first time I’ll be bringing Bellamy home with the intention of staying overnight. All the other times were accidents or he sort of just happened to be there, although I’m now realising that those occasions maybe were more intentional than accidental on his end. In fact most of our interactions have been more intentional on his part than on mine. Well, except for the bracelet I bought today. Maybe that’s why he’s being so affectionate. I did say it was to reassure him, I suppose he needed that more than I thought. I grab my phone and send a message to Aaron. 
Ryann- Bellamy is taking me home tonight so you can relax. I’ll see you tomorrow. Same time 
75- Holding and hiding 
as today if that works for you?” 
My phone pings with a response from Aaron. I’m not sure what I expected but I snort out a 
rather unattractive laugh when I realise he’s just sent a thumbs up. He’s even quiet via text. 
Bellamy returns faster than I expected and is clutching a large–ish bag. For someone who claims to only need me, he’s sure bringing a lot of stuff. We head out to his car and ever the gentleman, he opens the door for me. We’ve only been driving for a minute or two when Bellamy reaches over with his free hand and grabs mine, keeping his eyes on the road. He doesn’t say anything but just smiles contentedly. That’s sweet I guess. I don’t drive but I can’t help but wonder if it’s difficult driving with only one hand. He seems to be managing alright though so I guess it’s fine. Bellamy and I discuss potential dinner options and decide on an easy pasta dish after I search for a recipe online. When we reach the shops, Bellamy rushes to open my car door for me again and offers me his arm. I take it and I’m a little confused for a moment when he moves my hand. Instead of lightly resting on his arm he wraps it around his and pulls me close with it. We wander the aisles together with Bellamy holding a basket while I drop in the ingredients. Every now and then Bellamy will point at a snack or other item with our joined hands and ask me to add it to the basket. By the time we reach the register, the basket is overflowing, even though we’re only making the one meal. How much food does he really need? Maybe he’s just short on a few things and wants to stock up while we’re here because he grabs a few personal items. Bellamy doesn’t release my arm until it’s time to pay. I notice that he takes a moment to brush his fingers across his new bracelet as he takes a card. out of his wallet. I hoped he would like it but I didn’t imagine he would be as pleased with it as he is. The woman running the check out appears middle aged and while Bellamy is putting his wallet away she winks at me, fans her face with one hand and mouths something to me that I’m fairly certain is ‘wow.‘ I take a minute to consider what she’s seeing. Bellamy is wearing dark blue jeans and a grey shirt. His dark hair is messy from when he and I both ran fingers through it earlier. His golden eyes are stunning and as he glances at me they soften in a way that makes me melt a little. Okay lady I get it. Wow indeed. I smile at her and give a half shrug. Bellamy and I head back to the car and make the short drive to my place. The whole time he keeps slipping me sideways glances and smiles. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so cheerful. He was stressed out earlier, the change is just so extreme. He also can’t seem to go more than a minute without finding some excuse to touch me. Is this normal for him? If it is, how much has he been holding back? How much is he still holding back? 
“You’re different tonight.” I comment. Bellamy goes still, his expression frozen in place. 
“Is that a good or bad thing?” His tone is neutral but seems cautious. 
“Neither, I’m just making an observation. You seem happy I think. Also. very… affectionate.” Bellamy lets out a snort of a laugh. 
“You think I’m being clingy.” He remarks. I shrug. 
“Maybe a little. It’s not a bad thing, it’s just like I said, different. I was wondering why.” I explain. Bellamy parks and cuts the engine. He turns and meets my eyes, basically locking me in place with his gaze. 
“Ry, in a five minute period you gave me the most perfect gift and demonstrated how much you care for my family. The fact that you took the time, that you care…” he inhales a deep breath. 
“How could I be anything but completely obsessed with you? I suppose I’m not doing a particularly good job of hiding it tonight.” He admits. My jaw drops open. That was a much more extreme answer than I was expecting.. 
“I… I don’t want you to hide anything. I mean, I want to keep this between us and our friends for now, but…” I don’t know how to finish my sentence. Bellamy reaches out and pushes hair back from my face. His expression is serious but kind. 
“Ry, don’t take this the wrong way, but I’m fairly sure you would run for the hills if I was completely honest about everything right now.” He explains then quickly continues before I can respond. 
“I’m not saying it’s a problem. You’ve asked for time and to take it slow and I can completely understand that. There’s nothing wrong with wanting that. But I am doing my best not to scare you off again.” Bellamy runs his fingers over his bracelet. 
“Don’t worry about it too much. We’re both adjusting to a lot of changes, the answer to why I’m acting weird is that the things you did this evening have me about ready to swoon, and 
I’m still trying to work out exactly how far I can go before you stop me.” Bellamy winks at I’m still trying to work out exactly how far I can go b 
me. I try to act casually, in reality I feel like I’m about to hyperventilate. 
###Chapter 76
76- Bag and back–ups 
Maybe he is right to be worried that I’ll run away. Then again, I’m not sure I could actually force myself to move so maybe not. Not to mention I’m a little caught up with a fairly hilarious mental image of Bellamy swooning like a damsel in distress like in an old timey 
drama. 
“I… all I did was make us even. You did two of the courting tradition things and now so have I. I do see what you mean about hiding and holding back and I just wanted to show you that I appreciate it. Now, in the nicest way possible, if we don’t end this conversation now I might actually die from embarrassment. So please, let’s head inside and go make dinner and relax.” My voice is nearly pleading. Bellamy grins at me. 
“I’m not sure you could actually die from embarrassment, but let’s not risk it.” He runs around to open my door and leads me inside. I use my app to approve the security alert and we both get to cooking. 
The meal we cook isn’t great, but it’s not a complete disaster. I’d give it a solid C+. We might have to practise that, but it’s okay, we have time. Bellamy excuses himself to the bathroom for a minute and I take the time to check my messages. 
COCK TALES 
Harry- Guys it’s officially a thing now. The bartender doesn’t actually give me the drinks I order anymore. 
Harry- Can anyone work out what this drink is meant to be? -IMG.2 
Harry lists the ingredients he watched the bartender put into the drink. I search online for an 
answer. 
Ryann- I think it’s called ‘Sweet poison.‘ Are you sure annoying this chick is the best idea? I’m not sure you’re going to get anywhere. 
Ryann- Also accepting unknown drinks from someone with the word poison in the title is a little concerning. 
Harry–Who says I’m trying to get anywhere. I’m having fun and that’s enough for me. Besides, I’m pretty sure she secretly thinks I’m funny. She won’t poison me. Probably. At very least nothing lethal. I’ll risk it. 
Ryann- If you say so. I’m hanging with Bellamy tonight so we can chat more tomorrow okay? 
Harry- Fine, go pet your Alpha Kitty Kat. I can chat with Megan. That is if she actually 
answers. 
Ryann-… That was a weird statement. And Megs is sleeping. She’s had a few late nights and turned in early. 
Harry- Oh. Fine, be that way. I guess I’ll go order drinks until the bartender cuts me off. Or kicks me out, whichever comes first. Enjoy your evening. 
Ryann- Night Harry. 
I’m just plugging my phone in to charge by my bed when Bellamy emerges from the bathroom. He holds an arm out to me and I willingly step into him. He pulls me in tightly and gives me a light kiss, he tastes like mint. I assume he brushed his teeth. He pulls back but keeps his arms hooked around my waist. 
“Ry, how would you feel if I maybe kept a few things here. Like some clothes in case I have to shift in a hurry and end up ruining mine. Maybe a few extra things for when I stay over…” he trails off, watching my face closely for my reaction. I remember the large bag he packed and the extra items he picked up while shopping and narrow my eyes at him suspiciously. 
“You’re asking, but you already brought the stuff with you didn’t you?” I ask. A guilty look crosses his face. 
“Well… yes. I thought I would see how the evening went before deciding if I should ask or not. So… can I?” I consider for a minute. I guess there’s no harm in it. I mean at this point there’s no point pretending that he won’t be staying the night sometimes, and it’s a good idea to have backup clothes in case his get ruined or something. Still, I somehow feel like I’ve been tricked somehow. But I’m not exactly sure how. 
“Alright if you want. If you can find somewhere to keep them I guess it’s okay.” Bellamy 
76- Bag and back–ups 
beams at me and presses a kiss to my forehead. 
“Thankyou.” He grabs his bag and pulls out a few neatly folded piles of clothes. I roll my eyes before I grab pyjamas off my bed and head into the bathroom to brush my teeth and change. I’m just closing the door when a thought occurs to me. I don’t need Bellamy going through. my underwear drawer. 
“Stay out the bottom drawer of my dresser Bellamy. Anywhere else is fine.” I call out. I close the door but I can hear his muffled agreement. I’m brushing my teeth when I notice an extra toothbrush, a can of men’s deodorant and a few cheap razors in my bathroom cabinet. Sneaky bastard started unpacking things before he even asked me. I can’t help but laugh. He did say he was seeing how far he could push things today. I suppose he meant that in more ways than one. Bellamy is definitely the kind where I give an inch and he takes a mile. But he did ask, and I know he will back off if I tell him to, so I’m not nearly as worried about it as I thought I would be. 
When I exit the bathroom, Bellamy’s bag is lying empty by the end of my bed and Bellamy is closing one of my drawers. I can’t help but let out a deep yawn. Bellamy immediately approaches and guides me by the shoulders towards my bed. He pulls back the blankets, waits for me to climb in then slips in beside me, dragging the blankets over us. He sits back low against the pillows and holds his arm out invitingly, a hopeful smile on his face. With only a moments pause, I lean into him and let him wrap the arm around me, resting my head against his shoulder. I both hear and feel as Bellamy releases a contented sigh. He flicks off the light and shuffles us down the bed and into the pillows until we are both comfortable. Either I am more tired than I think I am or Bellamy is like a drug because I can barely keep my eyes open. I hear Bellamy whisper softly into my hair. 
“Good night Ry, sleep well and thank you for today.” 
I startle awake in the morning to the sound of my alarm. I roll around trying to find my phone to turn it off but realise I’m further from my bedside table than usual. I force myself to roll over and turn it off, accidentally dropping my phone on my face in the process. Somehow, my sleep–addled brain realises that my phone was further away than usual because I slept further over to leave space for Bellamy. Who I am now realising isn’t actually here. I guess he had somewhere to be. I find I’m actually a little disappointed. Waking up with Bellamy might be a little… disconcerting. But it’s still nice. I roll onto my back, not wanting to get up, when a crinkle of paper under my elbow tells me I’m lying on something. I unstick it from my arm and find it’s another of Bellamy’s notes. 
76- Bag and back–ups 
*Good morning, beautiful! 
As usual, I have what I expect will be very boring meetings I need to attend this morning. Although I think they might find me more irritable than usual today as the meetings deprived me 
wake up with you. of the chance to 
Hopefully I’ll get a chance to see you today, but in case I don’t, I hope you have a good day at work and you enjoy your ‘girl’s night‘ with my sister. 
Yours always, 
Bellamy. 
P.S. I swear I didn’t touch your bottom drawer… 
###Chapter 77
77- Letters and learning 
Now why would he specifically bring that up. Is he implying that he touched my other drawers? I said he could, so why did he bring it up? Curiosity is enough to force me out of bed. I open 
nen my 
y dresser and it takes a minute for my mind to understand. Did Bellamy… re- fold all my clothes? Everything I own is stacked in neatly folded piles. Far tidier than any folding I bother with. I check the next drawer and find the same thing. My top drawer has a pile on the left that clearly belongs to Bellamy. I guess he made space and… re–organised my dresser? Huh, was it really that bad or is he just a little OCD? I open my bottom drawer and as promised, it’s just as messy as ever. Well, at least I know he didn’t go through that one, although I now feel like I need to sort it nicely to make it match the rest. Maybe I’ll do that later. Impulsively, I grab my phone and call Bellamy. He answers quickly. 
“Good morning.” I notice his tone is more restrained than normal. I can hear voices in the background. 
“Hi, wait, are you in a meeting right now?” I demand. 
“Yes.” He answers simply. 
“Then why did you answer?!” 
“Because you called.” I’m stumped for a second, then I remember that Bellamy is actually. 
busy. 
“Okay well… this is me checking in, and you are weirdly tidy. Have a nice day.” Before he can respond I end the call. I can’t believe he took my call in the middle of a meeting. I’d understand if I had been repeatedly calling or if my alarm went off or something, but he had to know I was just waking up. A text message comes through. 
Bellamy- Thanks for checking in. And I guess I just wanted to do something nice for you, if that makes me weirdly tidy then so be it. 
Ryann- I’m not sure if it’s weird or not. But it is nice. I’m gonna go get ready for work now. Sorry for interrupting your meeting. Also stop texting during meetings, it’s rude. 
1/4 
77- Letters and learning 
Bellamy- Never be sorry for calling me. 
Bellamy- I can text during meetings if I want. Who is going to stop me? ;) 
Ryann- Rolling my eyes at you. I’m going to be busy now. Bye. 
I drop my phone so I won’t be tempted to keep distracting Bellamy, I quickly shower and get dressed for the day so that I’ll be ready when Aaron shows up. I head out to the kitchen to grab a glass of water and notice a slip of paper under my front door. Weird. I grab it and unfold it. It’s a typed out letter. 
I KNOW WHAT YOU DID. THIS ISN’T OVER. 
What the hell? I run back to my room and grab my phone. My first instinct is to call Bellamy, my finger is hovering over the call button when I hesitate. If I show Bellamy this letter he’s going to go insane. I just know it. He will probably try and drag me to his place and lock me in. I’ll be back to twenty four hour guards and no privacy. I fought so hard for this, I’m not willing to give it up over some stupid note. I open the security app and go back over the camera recordings. I eventually find that someone hand delivered the letter at around five am. I can’t really make out anything about them though. They’re wearing all black, not particularly tall or short and other than that I can’t see anything. I suspect they might be using an illusion charm or something because even when the camera should clearly show the person’s face I can’t see anything. If that’s the case, even the Shifter’s sensitive noses won’t be of any use in hunting for clues. All they’re going to smell is magic. I really don’t know what to do. I know I SHOULD tell Bellamy, but I really think my current security arrangement. is plenty. It’s not like the unknown person made it into my house. Bellamy was here last. night and they still delivered the letter. As long as it’s just a letter it’s not like it’s any more of a threat than he’s already expecting. What I really want to know is what the sender means by ‘I know what you did.‘ What are they referring to? I’d like to know what exactly I did that inspired them to send me weird warning letters. I can’t think of anything particularly problematic. I mean, as a teenager I made the mistake of telling a few people about their ties. and accidentally broke up a couple. The girl harassed me for the rest of high school, blaming me for the end of her relationship. I did feel really bad about it, but I don’t think it was worth all the trouble she put me through. But surely it can’t be anything like that. The only threads I’ve revealed lately are my own and Megan’s. Sure I broke her and Tristan up, but he’s dead so it’s not likely he’s writing me angry letters. I guess it’s more likely something to do with Bellamy. Maybe they’re implying they know about my relationship with him? If that’s the case, I really don’t want to tell him. He feels guilty enough that I have to deal with all the 
77- Letters and learning 
extras that come with dating him. He doesn’t need more stress on top of that. Yes, I think it’s for the best that I keep this to myself for now. It’s just a 
note. If it becomes a problem or anything else happens then I’ll tell Bellamy I promise myself, ignoring the hint of guilt. 
I hide the note in my underwear drawer. Mostly because that’s the one place I’ve already told Bellamy to stay away from so I shouldn’t need to awkwardly keep him away from something. I could destroy the note, but I’m not that dumb. If the problem continues then I’m going to need the note as evidence. But I don’t think it’s likely. Anyone who sends anonymous notes has to be a coward. I’ll probably never hear from them again. A knock at my door tells me that Aaron has arrived. I didn’t realise it had gotten so late. I literally run to answer the door. I’m a little breathless when I swing it open. 
“Morning Aaron!” I greet him cheerfully. He raises an eyebrow at me and I just shrug. 
“I didn’t want to keep you waiting. Ready for food? Bellamy and I went to this nice bakery the other day, I was thinking we could stop off there if that’s alright?” I chatter away as I grab my stuff, trying to act normal. Except now that I’m trying to behave like I usually do, I can’t quite remember what that actually is. Hopefully he doesn’t notice how awkward I am. Or just attributes it to something else. 
Brunch with Aaron is once again, very quiet. I start asking him yes or no questions so that he will at least nod or shake his head in response. At least that way I feel like it’s a two conversation. 
way 
“Did you have a nice evening Aaron?” He nods. 
“Great, I did too. Bellamy and I made dinner together. Do you cook?” Another nod. 
“Oh really? Maybe you can give me some pointers sometime. I think I need more practice. I fell asleep so fast last night. Usually I watch a movie or something. Do you watch TV much?” A small shake of the head. 
“No? What do you do for fun? I bet I can guess. Uhhhm. Read?” He shrugs. 
“Okay, exercise? Do you run or something?” another shrug. So he probably does but maybe not for fun as much as fitness. 
77- Letters and learning 
“What about music? I can’t imagine you singing, but do you listen to music?” Another shrug but this one is slower, more like he’s considered it. So music is a maybe. I spend a bit longer 
interrogating Aaron between mouthfuls of food and decide that the man is an absolute. workaholic. 
###Chapter 78
78- Sorting and singing 
Eventually, I give Aaron a break and we head to my work. The shift drags on although there is a brief moment of amusement when a group of human girls stop and try to flirt with Aaron. I say try because they don’t really get very far. Talking to him really does take a lot of work. I still haven’t decided if he is intentionally not talking to people because he doesn’t want to or if he’s just really shy. Or maybe a combination of the two? Well, I don’t mind. Actions speak. louder than words and his actions say plenty. He is always mindful of me and helpful in general. I’m hoping that I can become good friends with him, it will make having him around less uncomfortable. Besides, it would be nice if he enjoyed working with me. I stop by and remind him to send the check in message to Bellamy and to encourage the girls to move on and let him be. He gives me a nod of thanks then sends the message. Aaron showed no interest in the girls and they were pretty enough. I’ve asked him before if he’s seeing someone and he said he wasn’t. I wonder who he will end up with. I haven’t seen any threads for him yet. He seems like a very solitary person and it will likely take a very special type of person to draw him out. I suppose I will have to wait and see. 
I get a text from Megan just as I finish work. 
Megan–You’re on your way over soon right? I’m so excited. I’ve been planning this all day.. Bellamy says you don’t have work until evening tomorrow. I hope you don’t have any early. morning plans tomorrow… 
Ryann- I don’t have plans. What exactly have you been planning? Should I be afraid? 
Megan- You’ll have to come find out. It’ll be fun. Promise. 
my 
I consider heading home to change but in the end I ask Aaron to take me straight to see Megan. My work clothes might be a little provocative but it’s just Megan, she won’t care what I’m wearing. She would have told me if I needed to dress a certain way. The worst part of uniform was my shoes, but Bellamy took care of that months ago. Since then I’ve been wearing black flats and it’s soo much better. I practically skip out to Aaron’s car suddenly excited for girls night. I’ve always wanted this kind of thing, and I have been avoiding it for the last few months when Bellamy and I weren’t talking since I was trying to keep clear of him. I’ve also changed my mind about hiding that letter from Bellamy. I don’t want to be dishonest. I don’t want to just tell him on the phone though. I’ll make sure to tell him in person when I see him next. 
Megan answers the front door and she looks super excited. 
“Aaron, you can head off. If Ry needs you again tonight we’ll call but I’m planning a long night so you don’t need to stick around. Thanks!” Aaron nods respectfully and waves as he heads off. Megan grabs me by the hand and leads me to the kitchen. There are about four reusable shopping bags on the bench and she encourages me to grab a couple and follow her to her room. The first bag clinks as I pick it up. I peek in curiously and see… alcohol. Not just 
a bottle or two but over a dozen different types. 
“Uh, Megs. Do our plans for tonight include getting black out drunk?” I question. She shrugs. 
“If it happens it happens. Researching those cocktails for Harry made me curious. So, we’re going to make as many of them as we can and try some new drinks. It’ll be fun. Also, I think I need to clean out my closet. You know, a fresh start. I want to get rid of things that have bad. memories attached to them. So I was thinking, music, drinks and going through clothes. I can give you a fashion show, some of the stuff will probably fit you too so we can have some fun. with it. I’m taller than you but we’re still a similar size other than in height.” I give Megan a 
look over. She actually looks a lot better. A good night of sleep seems to have done wonders for her. I don’t expect her to magically be better. She went through hell and it’s only been a couple days. But she is clearly trying to move on and make things better. I think going through her stuff and clearing out things for a new start is probably a good sign. I hope, I’m no expert but it feels right. Alcohol might not be the best coping mechanism but as long as she isn’t getting smashed every night I doubt it’s an issue. Besides, making some weird. 
cocktails does sound fun. 
“Okay, sounds like a plan.” I answer cheerfully. Megan squeals in delight. 
“Awesome! I spent the morning getting supplies for different drinks. I got some fancy cocktail glasses as well. Oh and I made a playlist for us!” 
Making drinks with Megan turns out to be far more fun than I anticipated. It’s actually slightly more difficult than I expected but we manage to make some funny ones. Megan’s playlist is full of ‘girl power‘ songs. The kind that encourages you to get up to dance and sing and leave you feeling like you could somehow take on the world, at least for a bit. Sorting through Megan’s extensive closet is also pretty entertaining, particularly as we start getting tipsy. 
2/4 
“OH I totally forgot I had this! It’s so cute!” Megan pulls out a green mini dress. 
“Yeah? Show me?” I demand. Megan giggles and without hesitation strips off her clothes and 
shimmies herself into the outfit. 
“Wow. That looks hot.” I blurt out. My filter vanished about three drinks ago. Megan poses and I take a bunch of photos on my phone. 
“We need cute pics together!” Megan insists. I wrinkle Tace. 
“I’m in gross work clothes.” I . Megan starts going through her clothes, bending in a very unladylike way and flashing me her underwear as she does so. She pulls out a black dress 
and throws it at me. 
“Put it on, put it on!” She chants. I laugh and comply. I’m wearing blue underwear but my bra is black so even though the straps show, it looks alright. Megan looks me over from head to 
toe. 
“May I say, respectfully, damn.” she winks at me and I collapse into her bed, laughing. We take more photos in increasingly silly poses as we have more drinks. Megan took over making the drinks after I knocked over a bottle of vodka. I managed to save it before it all spilled out but I got banned from pouring anyway. Originally, Megan and I were sorting her clothes into a ‘yes‘ and ‘no‘ pile. But somehow the piles have gotten mixed up and we end up throwing things at each other instead while singing and jumping around. I climb up on Megan’s bed, trying and failing to dodge her latest projectile bra. In my attempts to evade her, I stumble and fall off the bed. I land on the floor in a pile of clothes and despite the pain in my shoulder from where I fell, I can’t seem to stop laughing. Megan joins me on the floor. 
“Are you kay?” She slurs at me. I keep laughing breathlessly. 
“M‘ fine. Must be getting tired, m‘ clumsy when I get sleepy.” I explain. Megan nods. 
“Does that mean it’s bedtime?” she questions. 
###Chapter 79
79- Drunk and daring 
I shrug. I don’t really want to go home, I’m tired but having fun. 
“I don’t wanna leave. I wanna stay here.” I whine. Megan elbows me in the ribs. 
“Stay then, I bet Bellamy wouldn’t mind.” She waggles her eyebrows at me suggestively and we both devolve into giggles again. I haven’t seen Bellamy all evening except. Oh shoot! I was meant to check in and I didn’t. Did I? I don’t think I did. Oops, I better do that before he gets 
too worried. 
“I need to talk to Bellamy!” I declare as I struggle to get up off the floor. Megan’s clothes are extra slippery or something because it takes a couple attempts to get to my feet. Megan makes it up first and pulls me to my feet. I stumble into her and we both fall onto her bed. 
“My brother’s probably in his room.” Megan informs me. I nod. 
“I need to talk to him.” I insist. Megan stays lying on her bed where she is and nods at me, her eyes closed. I make my way across Megan’s room doing my best not to trip over anything on the floor which is now messy with clothes scattered everywhere. I step into the hallway and close the door. It’s super quiet out here without the music and my head feels like it’s echoing. Can I hear my own heartbeat? That’s weird. I cross the hall to Bellamy’s door and knock loudly. 
“Bellamy! Beeeeellllammmyy. I need to talk to you! Bellammy!!!” I knock again and his door swings open. Bellamy looks half asleep and completely bewildered. 
“Ryann? Are you okay?” He asks. I nod and stare at him. What was I here for? Oh, I needed to check in with him and tell him about that letter. 
“I wanted t‘ talk to you.” I repeat. Bellamy grips me by my shoulders and raises an eyebrow. 
“Are you drunk?” He asks. I stare at him and think about it. Am I drunk? Maybe. 
“Not sure. Maybe? I need to talk to you.” I insist. Bellamy gives me a smile and leads me into his room. It’s dimly lit by a lamp by his bed. I stumble and he catches me. My hands land 
79- Drunk and daring 
and 
across his chest which is when I realise he’s shirtless. Damn is he hot. I find myself running my hands all over his chest. He’s so warm and I can’t stop touching him. Bellamy groans catches my hands, I frown and pull them free then lean into Bellamy. He’s too tall for me to reach without him bending down but I reach around his neck and do my best to tug him down. He comes willingly and I pull him into a kiss. I’m very enthusiastic right now and he feels so good. I hold him tight with a hand in his hair, my other hand stroking the back of his neck and shoulders. He suddenly pulls back. 
“We need to stop. You’re drunk.” he says, his voice rough. Well that’s stupid. I don’t want to stop. I’m enjoying myself and for once I don’t feel shy. I try to kiss him again but he doesn’t cooperate and lean down. I kiss his neck instead and I feel a shudder run through him. He 
grabs me by the shoulders and holds me at arms length. 
“Ry, sweetheart, you need to stop. You’ll regret it tomorrow.” he says. I shake my head. 
“No. I want to stay with you.” I complain. Bellamy runs a hand over my arm soothingly. 
“You can stay with me if you want. But as much as I’m enjoying your enthusiasm, we just 
can’t do this right now.” He tells me. I pout and he chuckles. I sigh and all the resistance leaves my body. 
“Fine. But I wanna stay here.” I insist. He nods. 
“That’s fine. You should get some sleep. Have some water too.” he insists. Bellamy hands me a glass of water he had on the table by his bed. I spill a little but drink cooperatively. I don’t want him to change his mind and send me away. He takes the empty glass from me. 
“Come on darling. You need rest. You’ll probably feel like hell in the morning.” I nod and move towards his bed then freeze. This is Megan’s dress. I can’t sleep in Megan’s dress, that would be rude. I strip it off and lay it carefully 
on the end of the bed. I look for Bellamy, his back is to me as he fusses with the blankets. He turns to me and freezes, his jaw 
goes slack. 
“Ry…” he trails off. I sit on the bed and pat the space next to me. He hesitantly sits beside me, a good distance away. I don’t like that. Why is he staying so far away? 
“Why are you over there? I want you with me.” I complain. I get to my feet and position. myself on his lap, a bit like I did the other day but this time I straddle him with one leg over 
Drunk and daring 
each side of his thighs. 
“Ryann, what are you doing?” He sounds a little alarmed. 
I place a hand on his chest as I get distracted by the red thread between us. It’s so bright. Such a pretty colour. Bellamy leans back away from me a little and I watch as the thread gets longer. That’s so weird. I wonder if it gets longer or does it stretch? I mean it’s not really real. But I imagine it stretching like elastic. Giggling, I use my hands to push on Bellamy’s chest forcing him to lay back, watching the string get longer. I reach for it, I know I can’t touch them but it looks so solid. My hand waves through it a few times. I lose my balance and fall forward onto Bellamy’s chest. He’s comfortable. I don’t want to let go. Bellamy suddenly wraps his arms around me and I cuddle in happily. In one quick motion he rolls us around so that we’re in the bed properly against the pillows. I groan as my head spins and for a moment 
1 feel sick. 
“You alright?” Bellamy asks as he leans back a little, now lying beside me rather than under me. He is staring in my eyes and the sick feeling fades away. 
“M” fine.” I tell him quietly. 
“Good.” He responds, pulling the blanket over us. I sigh and snuggle in closer to him, practically glueing myself to his side. He flicks off the light and we lie silently for a while, his arms wrapped loosely around me. In the dark I can’t see our thread but I know it’s there, probably so short it’s nearly invisible with us so close. I place a hand over Bellamy’s heart 
where I know the thread is. 
“I like our thread.” I comment sleepily. 
“Yeah, why’s what?” Bellamy asks, his voice soft. I run my hand over his chest before 
answering. 
“It means you’re just mine. I like that.” I tell him. He sighs deeply and pulls me closer into his chest. I feel him press a kiss into my hair. 
“I like it too.” 
###Chapter 80
80- Hungover and horrified 
on 
Why does my head feel like someone is bashing it with a hammer? And why do I feel like throwing up? My eyes feel stuck shut but I force myself to open one. A dim light in the room makes me immediately squeeze it shut again, groaning in pain. Ugh I feel awful. I’m lying my side and my right arm is numb under my own weight. I roll onto my back and try not to gag as my stomach rebels. 
“I hope girls night was worth it.” I hear Bellamy comment from beside me. My eyes fly open in shock and I bolt upright, the world spinning as I sit up. I press a hand to my head and find my hair is an absolute rat’s nest. I glance over at Bellamy who is lying in the bed next to me, the blankets pulled down far enough to see that he’s not wearing a shirt. I flush red and avert my eyes before I embarrass myself by staring. I glance down and realise I’m only wearing a bra and my underwear. With a shriek that does not help my headache, I grab the blanket and yank it over myself, tearing it away from Bellamy enough to see that he’s wearing a pair of loose pants. So he’s not naked at least. I freeze up, clutching the blanket to my chest and trying to remember exactly how I ended up here. I remember I was drinking with Megan, I fell off her bed. I wanted to see Bellamy and then… oh no. Oh no, no NO. What did I do? That’s it, I’m done for. I’ll have to run away and move to some middle of nowhere town so that I never have to face Bellamy again. My eyes dart around the room as I contemplate my 
exits. 
“If you’re thinking of running I feel the need to point out I can track you pretty easily. Also you’re not really dressed for an escape.” Bellamy comments dryly, correctly interpreting my panic. I sigh and collapse back into the bed, pulling the blanket over my head. 
“You’re right, running would be a waste. Maybe I should look into memory wiping spells instead.” I grumble from under the covers. I can feel Bellamy moving beside me but I refuse 
to 
pull off the blanket, preferring the dark, although admittedly stuffy little cave I’m hiding in. Bellamy peels up the edge of the blanket letting a spear of light through and I cringe. He peeks through the gap and I can see that he’s leaning over me, his weight on one elbow while the other holds the blanket. 
“If you’re going to erase my memory anyway, there’s no point hiding now.” He comments, amusement in his tone. I just groan again. The longer I’m awake, the more memories are returning. Did I seriously try and seduce him while wasted? I STRADDLED him. He stopped. me. I appreciate it, but I can’t decide if that makes it more or less embarrassing. Either way, I 
1/4 
80- Hungover and horrified 
definitely owe him an apology. I drop the edge of the blanket just enough for my eyes to peer through. Bellamy is still leaning on his elbow, half over me. He smooths the blanket down a little to reveal more of my face. My words burst out of me in a mindless babble. 
“I’m sorry! 
sorry! I’m so, 
1 so, so sorry. I’m an idiot and I drank too much and I wasn’t thinking. I don’t usually do things like that and I’m sorry I embarrassed myself and annoyed you and-” I’m cut off by Bellamy placing a finger lips. He has a satisfied smile on his face that I just 
over b 
don’t understand. 
“Ryann, sweetheart, I’m not upset with you. You didn’t annoy me. It actually makes me happy. that you were comfortable enough here to let your guard down. It makes me especially happy that when your inhibitions were lowered and you were vulnerable, all you wanted to do was be with me.” He tells me seriously. There’s emotion behind his golden eyes but my mind is functioning too slow right now to be sure what it is. I instinctively want to argue with him, 
but nothing he’s said is wrong. Still, it’s not okay. 
“That might be true, but it’s no excuse for how irresponsible I was. Not to mention I’m the one who keeps saying I want to take things slow and then I… well… ugh.” Would it be immature to hide under the blanket again? Bellamy strokes my hair soothingly with his free 
hand. 
“Hey, hey it’s alright. Sure you left me needing a cold shower, but it’s not like I didn’t enjoy what you were doing. I know you aren’t ready yet, that’s the only reason I stopped you.” He tries to calm me. His hand in my hair somehow makes me feel tense and relaxed at the same time. Like I want to curl up into him and relax but instead, I’m fighting the urge and the result is my muscles are completely tensed up. Bellamy’s comment about a cold shower processes in my tired brain and I can feel the blood rushing to my face. 
“I’m sorry. 
again. 
It was still really unfair to you. I’m sorry I made things hard for you.” I apologise 
“You might have made something hard but I suspect that’s not what you intend by that statement. If you mean to say you made my life difficult, then you’re wrong about that.” Bellamy answers with a smirk. I just stare at him in shock. Did he seriously say that? 
“Bellamy!” I groan in embarrassment and he just laughs. 
2/4 
Emergency calls only Mu 
onlyM 
80- Hungover and horrified 
D35% 12:20 
Π 
“Sorry Ry, but what did you expect? I enjoyed the view. Take it as a complement.” He suggests. I shake my head. That is definitely not helping. I suddenly notice what a vulnerable position I’m in, lying in his bed with him over me. I need to get out of here and gather my thoughts and that’s never going to happen with Bellamy acting like this. Impulsively, I grab a pillow from the bed and shove it against Bellamy, pushing him backwards. He bursts out laughing. 
“Alright, alright. I’ll let you be. Teasing you is just too much fun. Do you want some water?” he offers. Bellamy climbs off the bed and, using a large water bottle that he grabs from some corner of the room, re–fills the empty glass by his bed and hands it to me. I sit up enough to drink it. I don’t think water has ever felt this good. I can practically feel the coolness running. through me. Ugh, I am never drinking again. I glance around looking for the dress I wore in here. I can’t see it. 
HA 
“Bellamy, do you know where my clothes are?” I question. He shrugs. 
“Not sure, you left it on the end of the bed before we went to sleep, but you moved around a lot throughout the night. It’s probably twisted in the blankets or fallen under the bed or something. I’ll find it later. Here, wear this for now.” He throws a grey t–shirt at me. 1 gratefully pull it over my head, feeling less exposed, I sit up properly in the bed and push the blanket down so it just covers my legs. 
“Well, I enjoyed sleeping in late with you, but now that you’re up I should probably get on with my day. Starting with that cold shower I mentioned earlier.” Bellamy winks at me. 
“Although I might turn the heat up if you want to join me.” He says suggestively. I don’t think he actually expects me to take him up on it, but in the dim light, standing in the doorway of his ensuite bathroom, with no shirt and his hair messy from sleep… I can’t say it’s not tempting. But I have definitely embarrassed myself enough for one day. No way I’m brave enough to go through with that right now. Without a word, I dart from his bed, stumbling a little as I rush out into the hall and into Megan’s room. I can hear Bellamy laughing behind 
me as I run away. 
3/4 
###Chapter 81
81- Pants and painkillers 
As I enter, Megan whirls around to face me, she’s holding an armful of clothes that she appears to be stacking away and she stops mid–note of whatever tune it was she was humming. She looks surprised to see me. 
“Ryann? I didn’t realise you were still here. I thought Bellamy must have taken you home already. Are you only getting up now? It’s almost eleven.” she rambles cheerfully. She drops her armful of clothes onto a large pile on her bed and pulls her curtain open a little. I flinch at the bright morning light and shield my eyes, groaning. 
“Of course I’m still here. And I drank waaaaay too much last night, of course I’m only getting up now. It’s a miracle I’m up at all.” I grumble. Megan tilts her head in confusion. 
“Are you really feeling that bad?” she asks curiously. I roll my eyes and regret the motion. Now that I’m standing up I feel a lot worse. Also her room is way too bright. 
“Of course I am! Aren’t you?” I demand. She shrugs nonchalantly. 
“Nope. my metabolism burned off the alcohol ages ago, and my hangover was over before I even woke up.” She smiles sunnily and I glare at her. 
“Ugh. I hate you.” I glance down at my legs which are a little cold without the blanket covering them. 
“Do you have pants I can wear?” I ask. Megan chucks a pair of comfy looking leggings at me. 
“Your work stuff is over there. But I would definitely suggest a shower and a fresh uniform for work tonight.” She looks me up and down with a raised eyebrow and I sigh. 
“Duh, but I’ll do that when I get home. I don’t start work til five so there’s no rush.” I check my pile of clothes and make sure my work stuff is all there. I have spares to wear tonight but I don’t want to lose anything. I also find my phone underneath the pile of clothing. I have three messages from Aaron. 
Aaron- What time today? 
1/4 
81- Pants and painkillers 
Aaron- Are you home? 
Aaron- Confirmed you are with Alpha Kane. Let me know when you’re ready to leave. 
I send off a quick text letting him know I only just woke up and will let him know when I am ready for a ride home. I also apologise for not making arrangements sooner. He once again sends a thumbs up. 
“Well, since you’re in no hurry. Let’s have a late breakfast together. I want bacon and eggs. I’ll cook!” She volunteers. Well if she’s offering. I’m not sure how my stomach will cope with food. right now, but worst case I throw it up. I feel sick anyway so it’s not like it can get much worse. I follow Megan downstairs after pulling on her leggings. They’re a little loose on me but they’ll stay on, no one can see anything much above my knees anyway because Bellamy’s 
top is big on me: In the kitchen, I plant myself on a seat at the bench and rest my head. against the cool marble of the countertop while Megan makes herself busy booking. I thought the smell of food might make me ill but it actually smells so good and my stomach is growling. I think I skipped dinner last night now that I think about it. Alcohol is not a meal 
replacement. Drinking on an empty stomach was probably not the smartest plan I’ve ever had. Although technically it was more Megan’s plan than it was mine. I’ll just blame her. The clink of a glass next to my head makes me turn my face sideways, sliding my cheek on the counter. I can see Bellamy’s distorted figure through the glass of water he’s just placed beside me. I sit up and he holds out a hand offering something for me to take, a happy smile on his face. I open my hand and he drops two white pills into my palm. Oh, blessed painkillers. I down them and the water quickly. 
“Thankyou” I murmur. Bellamy leans down behind me and places a kiss on the side of my throat, lingering a moment before backing away. I can’t help but shiver. 
“You’re welcome.” He responds quietly. He stays long enough to steal a piece of bacon. directly from the pan, probably burning his tongue in the process if the wince he makes while. chewing is anything to go by. He then excuses himself to his office and leaves us to our meal. 
I eat more than I thought I would, although not even half as much as Megan. Shifter metabolisms must be hell on a grocery bill. Once I’m sufficiently fed and Megan is satisfied with my description of what happened last night (definitely the watered down version because I don’t think I could actually admit most of it out loud just yet.) I excuse myself to go see if Bellamy is free to talk. It’s been more than twenty four hours since I found that letter and I suspect he isn’t going to be pleased that it took me so long to mention it. I just 
2/4 
Emergency calls only MO 
81- Pants and painkillers 
076% 11:47 
hope he doesn’t get too overprotective and bossy because I feel entirely too crappy to argue with him right now. Bellamy’s office door is cracked open and I can see him glaring at some document before he sighs and signs it. I knock on the doorframe while poking my head in. Bellamy straightens up in his seat and flashes me a gorgeous smile. 
“Feeling any better?” he asks. I shrug. 
“I wouldn’t say I feel better, but I’m awake at least.” I pause before continuing. 
“And I know you said it’s fine but I really am sorry about last night. I’ll make it up to you.” I promise. He raises an eyebrow suggestively. 
“I told you not to worry about it. It was nothing a cold shower couldn’t fix. While I don’t believe there’s anything to make up, I am interested to hear how exactly you’re planning to do that.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes. 
“I take it back, I’m sorry you had to survive a cold shower, but you’re getting way too much 
enjoyment out of my embarrassment, you clearly aren’t suffering.” Bellamy smirks at me and we both fall silent. Bellamy looks at the door pointedly, I’m still just poking my head in. 
“Are you coming in or not?” he prompts and I take a step in and close the door behind me. Okay I just need to tell him. Rip it off like a bandaid and hope for the best. He’s in a good mood this morning though and I hate that I’m probably going to ruin it. He must read something in my face or posture because he furrows his brow and frowns at me. 
“Is something wrong? Tell me.” He demands. I sigh. 
“I need to tell you something.” Something sparks in his eyes and he tilts his head to the side. 
“So there was something you wanted to say last night after all?” I nod. 
“Yeah, I just got a bit… sidetracked. Apparently I lack focus when I’m drunk.” I blush, remembering how I basically banged on his door demanding to speak to him, then just jumped him instead. I open my mouth to explain about the letter but the words just won’t come. I don’t want to upset him. I must look distraught because in a quick movement, Bellamy is out of his seat and standing in front of me. He takes my right hand between both. of his and runs his thumb over the back of my hand. 
3/4 
81- Pants and painkillers 
“Ry, darling, what’s wrong? I need you to tell me so I can fix it.” I burst into tears. He’s being so nice and I don’t deserve it. He immediately wraps his arms around me and pulls me tight against his chest. He makes light shushing noises and strokes my hair over my neck. We rock and sway slightly in place as he tries to calm me. Once I manage to get a hold of myself, he releases me and steps back enough to crook his finger under my chin and pull my chin up to meet his eyes. 
“Tell me.” He insists. I drop my gaze immediately. 
“You’re going to be mad at me.” I mutter quietly. 
“Ry, I won-” he begins, but I cut him off. 
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep Bellamy.” I respond flatly. 
###Chapter 82
Strings of Fate 
82- Planning and placating 
Bellamy considers me for a moment then nods. 
“Fine. I might be mad, I can’t be sure until you tell me what’s wrong. But I promise I’ll get over it and I’ll help you fix it. Whatever it is. Now, tell me what’s wrong.” His voice is quiet, like he’s trying not to startle me. I relent and accept my fate. 
“Well… yesterday morning I found a letter under my door.” I start. I expect him to interrupt but he waits patiently for me to explain. I tell him what the letter said and about what I saw on the security camera. Bellamy drops his hands to his sides, closes his eyes and takes three deep breaths. I can tell he’s trying to stay calm, but his shoulders and hands are tensed up and his jaw is so tight I’d be surprised if he could get words out. I wait, giving him time to process. Without opening his eyes, he speaks again, his voice measured and, controlled. 
“Why did you hide it? Why wait so long to tell me?” He asks. 
“I… I panicked I guess. I didn’t want you to be worried about me. Then I decided that I 
should tell you and I wanted to do it in person rather than on the phone, and I got sidetracked by Megan and… well, you know the rest.” I watch Bellamy. His eyes are still shut as he processes what I’ve told him. 
“Are… are you angry with me?” I ask quietly. His eyes fly open and meet mine. Unlike the molten gold his eyes were this morning, now they’re burning embers. 
“I’m trying to convince myself I shouldn’t be. You were afraid and made a stupid choice, but you’re here and you’re okay and that’s what I really care about.” He says he isn’t angry but the words are practically a growl. I fight the urge to cringe. I’m quickly discovering that while I enjoy bickering with Bellamy, I don’t like it when he’s actually upset with me. 
“You sound angry.” I comment. Bellamy begins pacing his office, glancing over at me every 
time he turns. 
“I am angry. I’m angry with you for not saying anything sooner and walking around like everything is okay, I’m angry at myself for being so out of control that you weren’t comfortable saying anything sooner. I’m angry with Aaron for not noticing something wast 
1/4 
wrong, I’m 
I’m angry 
with my 
sister for distracting you. But mostly I’m furious that anyone would threaten you. I’m going to fix it, Ryann. I’ll find out who it is, I’ll keep you safe.” he promises. I almost tear up again. I interrupt Bellamy’s pacing with a hand on his arm. 
“I won’t lie and say a little bit of me not saying anything wasn’t because I thought you would overreact. But mostly I didn’t think it was a priority because I already feel safe. You’ve already taken every reasonable step to keep me safe. I didn’t feel like there was anything to worry about.” I explain. Bellamy stares for a moment, frozen in place, before grabbing me tightly and pulling me into a hard kiss. It’s over before I can even process that he’s moved. He continues to clutch me tightly against his chest. 
“Nothing is going to happen to you.” I’m not sure if he’s promising me or reassuring himself, but I nod against his chest anyway. 
“I’m pretty sure I’m not the one who needs convincing. Anyway, go on.” I wait. Bellamy steps back to look at my face. He looks confused. 
“What am I supposed to be going on with?” he asks and I roll my eyes. 
“I don’t know. But I figured you’d have some new irritating slash sorta endearing super overprotective behaviour for me to deal with. Or something like that at least. So go ahead, lay it on me.” Bellamy stares for a second, then bursts out laughing. Before I can even ask why, he grabs me and kisses me firmly before letting me go. I step back in shock. 
“Uhm… what?” I ask. He laughs again. 
“Sorry, I couldn’t help it. You did say to lay it on you, and you were looking so serious.” He places his hands on my shoulders. 
“You’re going to stay safe and use your security system. Hopefully this isn’t a big deal. You also need to give me the letter so I can look into it properly. I’ll call Alex right away and have him check the security footage again, in case you missed something.” He starts planning and I can’t help but smile. I thought telling Bellamy would make life harder, I should have known that all he would do was try and make things better. 
“Yeah, I have the letter at home.” 
2/4 
82- Planning and placating 
“Let me grab my keys, I’ll drive you home and you can grab it for me. I’ll tell Aaron to meet us there. I assume you put it somewhere safe?” I shrug. 
“I put it… in my bottom drawer.” I admit. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“What, you’re pretty nosy, and I already told you to stay out of that drawer. It seemed like a good idea at the time.” I protest. 
“ively, it was a good way to hide it from me, although I still wish you didn’t feel like you needed to… I’m mostly just thinking that I’m going to have to be on the lookout in the future, you’re actually good at hiding things from me.” I frown. 
“Bellamy, I lasted less than a day before I changed my mind and wanted to tell you. I’m pretty sure I won’t make that mistake again. It was miserable. You really don’t need to worry about it. Next time I’ll definitely call you right away.” I assure him. He crosses his arms and looks away from me. 
“See that you do.” 
The next few weeks pass pleasantly. I don’t receive any more weird threatening letters or any other kinds of issues. Aaron and I develop a routine and I spend the majority of my free time with Megan and Bellamy. The group chat between myself, Megan and Harry stays strong and we all chat every day. I’m finally starting to feel comfortable in my own life again. It’s a Friday night and I’m super excited for one of my rare weekends off. Megan is coming to hang out and we are only going to drink in moderation from now on. I hope… I hear her quick 
knocks at the door and let her and Darrien in. 
“Hi guys! I greet them. Darrien drops Megan’s bag on my table while Megan starts 
rummaging through my fridge. Sh 
rummaging through my fridge. She’s been visiting a lot lately and has gotten very 
comfortable here. I don’t mind it, but it’s definitely a strange feeling. Bellamy is the same, helping himself to things and moving things around all the time. It would be annoying but they constantly bring groceries and treats to make up for the stuff they use up so somehow despite constantly feeding guests, my shopping budget has gotten lower. Even Aaron has taken to bringing meals along, using my microwave and stove. He cleans up all the time too. I’ve told him he doesn’t need to but, in the smallest number of words he could manage and 
with a lot of interpretation on my part, he’s made it clear that technically he is not a guest, he’s at work and will clean up after himself. I argued at first, but it’s ridiculously hard trying 
3/4 
82–Planning and placating 
to argue with someone who basically never answers, so I gave up quickly. I’m starting to think that being quiet is just Aaron’s method of getting his own way. 
###Chapter 83
Strings of Fate 
83- Build up and bathtubs 
Darrien hangs around for a while until Megan chases him out telling him to go home and get. some rest and that he can come get her in the morning to take her home. She’s stayed over a few times now but he’s never seemed very comfortable with it. I messaged to ask him once reminding him that my home is safe. He just responded that it might be safe, but it would be safer if I kept guards around. He’s been doing better now that Megan isn’t engaged or in a relationship, but the two of them have made no progress since. Understandably, Megan isn’t interested in relationships right now and has declared it several times, so he has been mostly keeping to himself. Still, her nightmares have been less frequent and she’s even decided she is willing to watch rom coms again. That’s the plan for tonight actually. To watch her first romance movie since her failed wedding. I already have the TV set up and the movie waiting. Megan plops down onto the couch dramatically holding a glass of wine from the SINGLE bottle she brought along. The glasses are also new, she gifted them to me last week when she realised I didn’t have any. This is the first time they’ve been used. 
2 
“Mmh, yes. This is so much better out of the right glass. How are you meant to have a hot bath and a glass of wine when you have no glasses?” She says, contentedly. I roll my eyes. 
“Are you forgetting I don’t have a bathtub either. Only a shower.” I remind her. Megan scrunches up her face. 
“How do you even live? You’ll have to use ours sometime. I’d say you should look for a place with a tub, but you’ll move in eventually so there’s no point changing things around right now.” She comments. I was midway through sipping the glass iof wine she left on the bench for me and I instantly choke on it. 
“When exactly did I agree to this?” I ask. Megan shrugs. 
“It only makes sense right? It’ll happen eventually. I’m surprised Bellamy hasn’t already. asked you.” I’m just recovering from inhaling my drink and I collapse onto the couch beside 
her, careful with my glass. 
“Well… technically he did offer once, but I don’t think it was a particularly serious offer. Besides, it would just be weird. We’re not… at that point just yet.” Megan laughs. 
“Why would it be weird, you stay over with me often enough as it is, and he stays here plenty 
1/3 
83–Build up and bathtube 
often. I guess it would be hun keep your relationship on the down low if you livethwithinuss 
but you’ve managed so fim. It really willie fine if you just tell everyone. Are you embasscell or something?” Most people will be excited to hear that the Alpha has finally been getting: some.” She winds at me. Il talle abig mouthful of my drink and look away, 
“I’m not embarassed. l’imjjust scared. Things will change a lot if I tell everyones Aism… Bellamy and laneitt att titt point vet…” trail off awkwardly. Megan tilts Her headlim 
confusion them itt allids.. 
“You mean wau guys amitt living sex?” She asks blatantly, shock inhurstone.liimnectiiately flush bright all. 
“Weill…nmvere nut. adimit. 
“I never would have suspected, assumed you have been. He’s beeminsiuthanggonmund lutely. Wim…..as muchas don’t want to know about my brother’s sexlife, Illivettask. Why 
the heill not” Weggan duesit sound judgemental, just curious. Ildegietsukiitupandtry 
andisautt through my feelings a little.. 
“I just…I gat somervous. I panic, freeze, or runaway? Texnihimawitwarilty. 
“You limow, a little bit of awkwardness is normal right linnut savingthis tolle pushy anti 
you can divinusly do whatever you want to do..Buttsometimes iffynudelay things too long it muites in Huurder. I do that, avoid doing something because flimscmedioffittandthen it builds up into this big thing until the thought of it makes me frakkontt. Then when eventually have modinice, it usually turns out to be not nearly as scanyas expected. 
mument. 
consider form 
*Somathing uncomfortable, like watching arom.com?” question.gesturing at the waiting 
TW. Megan shrugs. 
**Yeah, something like that. So, we should watch it righttuwanget it over with. I’ve always liked from coms.and I refuse to lose that.” She says stubiliunity amullsmileather. hit play on the movie and Megan tenses up. She stays that way for maybe the first few minutes, then begins to relax. Hulfway through the muvia lauttuillyHearlier laugh and can’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. Watching romance movies was definitely something that she had built up in her thend as a big problem..llinglulittss goingwallturur.Siesounced back faster 
2016 
83- Build up and bathtubs 
than I could ever imagine. I know she still has nightmares and that she’s going to be dealing with this for a long time yet, but I know I wouldn’t cope as well as she has been. 
The rest of our evening is relaxing, we watch another movie, a straight up comedy this time, and we both curl up for bed. We actually sleep fairly early, but we’re both oddly tired so we figure we might as well. I sleep late in the morning and Megan is nowhere in sight. I send my good morning check in text to Bellamy then struggle my way out of bed. Megan greets me from my kitchen with some toast and a glass of orange juice. 
“Here you go, eat up then go shower and get dressed. I picked out an outfit for you, it’s on your dresser.” I still feel like a zombie, so I sit and eat without question. It’s not until I’m finishing my second piece of toast that I realise what Megan told me. 
“You picked out my clothes? Are we going somewhere?” I ask, confused. She rolls her eyes at 
me. 
“You are so useless in the mornings. Did you forget? We made plans on Wednesday night. You, me and Bellamy are going for lunch in a bit, remember?” What? OH. I do remember. Although she’s forgotten someone. Darrien is coming too. I suppose she’s so used to him following her around she forgets sometimes. 
“And Darrien is coming too.” I remind her. She tilts her head to the side. 
“Well duh, he’s my guard. He always comes.” She says it like I’m the one pointing out the obvious. Which I suppose I am. I’m not sure she is seeing the point I was making, I guess there’s still a bit of work to do for her to see him as a proper friend. 
###Chapter 84
Strings of Fate 
84- Ideas and intentions 
“Aaron isn’t coming.” I point out. 
“He has the day off. I figure I’ll be with you guys all day so he doesn’t need to hang around.” Megan nods absent mindedly, typing something into her phone. I’m not sure she’s really listening. Well, whatever, I’ll try again another time. I finish eating then go to shower and get dressed. Megan picked out a cute little sundress and sandals outfit combo for me. It’s a light blue colour that brings out my pale eyes and emphasises the blue in my hair. I’m still not sure about dressing in a way that emphasises my eyes but she is determined to convince me to. I agreed to try things her way for a while and see if it makes any difference in how people treat me. So far… she’s right. No one has been any different than they usually are. Megan insists on taking the time to do my face up with some light makeup and then she braids my hair for me. She then borrows my bathroom and gets herself dressed. While she is getting ready, I check my phone and realise I have a message from Darrien. 
Darrien- How is she today? 
Ryann- Good I think. We managed to watch a romance movie last night and she was okay with it. No nightmares last night either which is a good sign. 
Darrien- I’m glad. I am hoping to have a chance to do something today. 
Ryann- Do something? Like what? 
Darrien- I’m not sure yet. I plan to play it by ear. Just… something to make my intentions a little more clear to her maybe? I think it depends how she is feeling though. 
Ryann- !!! Ooh now I am super excited. If I’m not there when it happens you’ll have to tell me how it goes, yeah? And hopefully that will get Megan thinking a little so she talks to me 
about it so I can talk you up. ;) 
Darrien- I am not so sure about that… that might be a little more than i’m aiming for. 
Ryann- We shall see… Good luck today! 
1/4 
84- Ideas and intentions 
The combination of my sleeping in late and Megan taking FOREVER in the bathroom means that Bellamy arrives pretty much the moment she is ready. I answer the door and let him in. He greets me with a kiss in my hair and a tight hug. Darrien is only a minute or so behind him and arrives quickly. They took separate cars as Bellamy was coming from some other meeting this morning. Since we don’t have confirmed plans for after lunch we decide to take two cars to the pub where we plan to eat. 
“I’ll go with Darrien and let you two have some time together.” She winks at me teasingly and skips off with Darrien to his car. I roll my eyes..The teasing wasn’t necessary but I do want her to spend more time with Darrien so I don’t bother to argue. 
“So I think Darrien is planning to make a move on Megan at some point today.” I tell Bellamy in the most stereotypically gossipy tone that I can manage. Bellamy’s hands tighten on the steering wheel. 
“What is that supposed to mean? And is she even ready for something like that?” He demands. I place a hand on his arm in a placating manner. 
“Hey chill. It’s okay. He adores her, he wouldn’t do anything to upset her. I think he just plans 
to make her aware of his intentions long term. He won’t expect anything from her. Besides, I think it will be good for her.” I tell him calmly. He glances sideways at me then back to the 
road but he looks very doubtful. 
“Good for her, how? I know you said they’re fated and you have faith they will be together, but isn’t it a bit soon?” Bellamy sounds almost pained. 
“If they were jumping into a relationship, then yes maybe. But all he wants is for her to be aware of him and consider him as a potential option. I think it will be good for her because she needs to feel wanted right now. Think about it, the man she was going to marry only 
wanted her for her position and connection to you. He didn’t care for her personally at all. That’s got to hurt her self–esteem quite a bit. She was used and now she doesn’t trust her own judgement. I think knowing exactly what he wants will allow her to learn to trust herself again, and it will also help her self–esteem. Feeling like someone wants you… well it can 
make 
a big difference…” I trail off with that last part. I’m not sure I am still talking about Megan. Making friends and knowing that Bellamy does want me has done wonders for my self esteem. I’m dressing in’new ways, wearing makeup, going out, meeting people. It’s so different, and I am terrified but there’s no way I could have gotten through it before. 
2/4 
84- Ideas and intentions 
“So you support Darrien telling my sister his feelings… for her ego?” He clarifies. 
“Yep, basically. She might not even react well, and if she does react poorly it won’t matter, because it will still help her realise that her worth isn’t diminished because of one idiot. But honestly, I think she just has never even considered him. So while I don’t expect her to fall into his arms, I think she will consider him, and maybe choose to discuss him with me. Really, as long as she doesn’t run away or flat out reject him, I would consider it a win.” I explain cheerfully. Bellamy nods slowly. 
“I suppose that makes sense. What exactly is he planning to do?” I shrug. 
“Not sure exactly, he wasn’t very specific. I think he plans to just wait for a good opportunity. I’m looking forward to seeing how it all plays out.” 
At the pub we choose a booth type seat. Megan and I sit across from each other by the wall while Darrien and Bellamy sit beside us. Bellamy beside me of course. We take our time looking over the menus and I pick some basic pasta dish. Not super adventurous maybe, but tasty and filling. Megan take 
more time to choose, while she’s thinking I lean over and whisper in Bellamy’s ear keeping my voice as low as possible since Megan and Darrien both have super Shifter hearing. 
“I suppose you’re planning to insist on paying for my meal again to prove some point that I don’t really understand?” I question. Bellamy winks at me and pulls his wallet out of his pocket placing it on the table in front of us. I roll my eyes at him and he leans in to v in my ear this time. 
whisper 
“Please let me. I don’t want to appear as a bad mate to you.” His eyes dart to where Darrien and Megan are sitting. Megan is still focused on the menu, Darrien is looking over at the bar and pointedly away from us in the pretence of giving us privacy. 
“It’s just Darrien and Megan. But if you insist then you need to think of something you want from me so that we’re even. Tell me later.” I go to lean back but he slides an arm around my waist holding me close. 
“You know that’s not how this works. But if you really want then I’ll think of something.” He whispers gently. I smile at him. Megan clears her throat loudly. 
3/4 
84- Ideas and intentions 
“If you guys are done canoodling I think we should go order. Pretty sure we do it up at the bar. Shall we?” She pokes Darrien in the arm to get him moving from his seat so she can slide out. Bellamy also stands and I slide out, although I admit it was far less graceful. We wait a 
moment for service. A young guy asks for our orders. Darrien and Megan both step back a little prompting Bellamy and I to order first which is weird because they were in front of us. I tilt my head in confusion while making eye contact with Megan and she waves me away in a way that promises an explanation later. Bellamy prompts me to give my order then gives his own and pays for both meals. We step away and Megan gives her order. She pulls out her purse to pay but is interrupted by Darrien placing his hand over hers. In his other hand he holds out cash halfway between Megan and the worker. 
“May 17” He asks, his tone thick with implications. Megan’s eyes fly open wide. If I hadn’t just discussed this with Bellamy I would be confused but armed with my recent knowledge of Shifter courting traditions, even I can tell that this is Darrien making his move. He is in a roundabout way, asking if he can court her. 
Chapter Comments 
17 
POST COMMENT NOW 
< SHARE 
###Chapter 85
85- Dance and display 
I elbow Bellamy in excitement and he takes my hand to keep me from bouncing in place. Megan stares at Darrien a minute longer before giving a very slow nod. The grin that crosses Darrien’s face is gorgeous and I don’t know that I’ve ever seen him so happy. He places his own order and pays for the food. While he does this Megan turns to me, her eyes wild and her face flushed. She looks beyond nervous and her furrowed eyebrows ask a clear question. ‘Did I do the right thing?” I give her a reassuring smile and nod. Her tense shoulders relax a little. Then, ever so slowly, she turns towards Bellamy to see his reaction. He has a serious case of poker face going. I squeeze his hand meaningfully. He glances sideways at me then back to his sister before lifting one shoulder in a half shrug and cracking a hint of a smile. Megan relaxes further and I realise she must have been barely breathing because she suddenly draws. in a loud and deep breath and lets it out with a slight shake. She looks a little lost. I step away from Bellamy and give her a quick hug before we make our way back to our seats. 
The wait for our food is awkward. Bellamy and I chat a little and Darrien attempts to join in, but Megan is barely even listening. She is clearly thinking hard and her eyes keep moving to 
Darrien. She stares at him for a minute or two, then jolts and turns away, only to find herself watching him again a minute later. Darrien, for the most part, is doing a solid job of 
pretending that nothing is amiss. He is staying casual and not watching her too much, aside from the occasional glance sideways. I’m pretty impressed at how calm he’s staying. Megan basically just gave him permission to try and win her over. They’re not dating or anything yet, but he’s put himself out there and she didn’t reject him. Several very long and awkward, but entertaining minutes later, our food arrives. I am actually starving and I am so busy staring down the waitress and trying to remember my manners so that I don’t snatch the food from 
her like a poorly trained puppy, that I don’t notice Bellamy is on the phone until he drops it on the table, groans loudly and drops his head into my shoulder, nearly pushing me off the seat as I was not prepared for the extra weight. 
“Is something wrong?” Bellamy nods in my hair then sits. 
up and sighs. 
“The other Alphas have decided to bring our meeting forward. It was meant to be tomorrow, but apparently they want to do it today.” Bellamy looks incredibly frustrated. I frown. 
“When?” 
“In about twenty minutes from now, and it will take that long to get there. I’m supposed to 
1/3 
85- Dance and display 
be hosting the meeting.” He looks longingly at his steak that was just placed on the table in front of him while he was on the phone. 
“If you’re hosting, shouldn’t you get to decide when they show up?” I question. Bellamy just 
heaves another deep sigh. 
“You would think so, but in an attempt to avoid constant dominance battles between the Alphas, we agreed to run decisions by vote, and I was out–voted. I really need to get going.” Bellamy turns to Darrien. 
“I need you to guard Ryann as well as my sister. I can call Aaron, but as he was meant to have the day off he isn’t nearby. It might take a while.” He glances back at me. 
“Are you 
still planning to come to our place after lunch?” he questions. I nod. 
T 
“Great. Darrien, if you could just bring Ryann over after you all finish eating, that should work out. Once the meeting is over I can manage things well enough.” Darrien gives his agreement. Bellamy gives me a quick kiss on the cheek then stands from his seat. I notice him tugging at his bracelet and spinning it around as he makes his way out of the pub, a drag in his feet that is likely due to his lack of enthusiasm. I’m disappointed that he had to leave too, but I’ll see him again in an hour or so when he’s finished with his meeting. Megan and Darrien must be almost as hungry as me because we all sit and shovel food into our mouths in silence for al few minutes. Once I feel that I have eaten enough that I can talk to my friends without wanting to murder anyone, I decide it’s time to ask about their weird behaviour when ordering. I consider a multitude of subtle and polite ways to ask, then discard all of those ideas and go with being completely blunt. 
“Hey, so earlier when we were ordering you backed off and sorta made Bellamy and I order first and that was kinda weird. Was I imagining things or is this some other kind of confusing 
behaviour that I am apparently not socially competent enough to figure out on my own?” I question. Megan is halfway through a mouthful of her drink and half snorts it out, covering her mouth with her hand as much as she can. Darrien hands her a napkin which she uses to clean herself up while I work to keep a straight face. I fail completely, but it’s the thought that counts, right? Megan is still choking a little and trying to regain her normal breathing when Darrien speaks. 
“We stepped back out of respect.” He states. I stare in confusion. 
2/3 
85- Dance and display 
“Okay, I’m going to need a little more information than that…” I prompt. Megan has finally gotten ahold of herself and she takes over. I notice she unconsciously places a hand on Darrien’s arm to stop him from continuing. She clearly has no clue that she’s doing it but he definitely does if I’m judging his expression correctly. 
“Ry, he means it’s a gesture of respect towards the Alpha couple. In bad situations, it’s expected that the Alpha couple take on the burdens. They are the first to enter a bad situation and the last to leave since they stay until everyone else is safe. We go to them with all our petty little problems and whatever else comes up. So, since the Alpha couple have to get all the bad stuff first, it’s considered respectful and polite to let them get good stuff first too. First to order, first served at meals, stuff like that.” She explains. I stare at her in horror. 
“But-” I start, but I’m not even sure what I’m planning to say. Megan waves me off. 
“Don’t even start. You and my brother ARE the Alpha couple. You might not have all the responsibilities yet, but it’s still true. And before you say you don’t deserve extra respect or haven’t earned it, I haven’t forgotten who stepped in to help at my disaster of a wedding. You might not have been involved in the fighting, but you ended the stalemate and gave us the best chance, and you got all the guests out and kept them safe too. You could have run but you stayed until the end. You might not be able to see your own Alpha qualities, but we do.” She says firmly, leaving no space for argument. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 86
Strings of Fate 
86- Puppies and pregnancies 
I decide to drop the topic and come back to it another time when i’ve had a chance to think of some decent answers. It’s hard to argue with someone who won’t stop complimenting you. I’m saved from the conversation I started when the waitress comes back to check on us. 
“Hi, is everything going alright? Do you need any drinks or anything?” she notices Bellamy’s untouched plate and frowns slightly. 
“Is there something wrong with the steak?” She asks very politely. I shake my head. immediately. 
“No, not at all. He just got called away to an urgent meeting. Actually, would it be possible to get a takeout container or something so I can take it to him afterwards?” She smiles at me and agrees, she even takes his plate and moves it into a container for me (which I appreciate because I am fairly sure that I would have made a mess of it.) Darrien, Megan and I finish eating as the waitress returns and hands me Bellamy’s takeout meal. 
“Thanks so much, I really appreciate it.” 
“No problem. Do you guys want anything else?” she offers cheerfully. I shake my head then glance over at Darrien. He immediately turns to Megan. 
“Can I get you anything else Megan, a drink or dessert?” He offers meaningfully. I actually blush, why do I suddenly feel like a major third wheel. Should I be excusing myself to the bathroom or something? I pull out my phone and pretend to answer non–existent text. messages. Actually, what am I doing? I have real actual friends. I can send a real text. message. I decide to message Harry. 
Ryann- OMG Harry guess what! 
Megan stammers out a reply saying she doesn’t need anything else right now and the waitress heads off. We all get up and I follow the pair of them to Darrien’s car, still hanging back a little. Although he is still keeping a good eye on me since Bellamy would kill him if I got hurt or something. I insist Megan takes the passenger seat and I sit in the back by myself. She is a little reluctant but agrees anyway. Harry answers my message. 
1/4 
86- Puppies and pregnancies 
Harry–You adopted a puppy? 
Harry- You inherited a million dollars? 
Harry- You’re PREGNANT 
Ryann- Uhm. No. 
Harry- What? You did say to guess XD 
Ryann- Okay, well I was actually going to tell you that Darrien, Megan’s guard, finally made a 
move on her today! And she DIDN’T totally shut him down!!! 
Harry–0000H exciting. Wait, we are excited right? Is he cute? Do we ship this? 
Ryann- LOL Yes. The two of them are the cutest, we totally ship this! 
I sneakily take a photo from the back seat just as Megan reaches over to adjust the radio. From my seat I manage to get them both in the picture and because the universe loves me, he just happens to be glancing over at her at the time (although he does that so much it would be more unlikely for him to be looking away.) The picture is pretty cute. I send it to Harry. 
Harry- Awwwwww that’s adorable. Do we get to tease her about this? 
Ryann- Gently maybe. She’s had a hard time lately, I don’t want to screw this up for them. 
Harry- Got it. Light mocking only. 
He follows up the message with a thumbs up. 
Harry- Keep me updated! 
This time I send a thumbs up. We arrive at our destination and Darrien heads off once we’re safely inside, although I do notice that he lingers a while when saying goodbye. I send him a text before putting my phone away. 
2/4 
86- Puppies and pregnancies 
Ryann- !!! :D 
Megan apologises as she has some assignments to work on for a class and I wasn’t meant to be hanging out with her this afternoon so she really has to finish them before her class tomorrow. I wave her off as I put Bellamy’s take out into the fridge. 
“Don’t mind me. I’ll sit and read until Bellamy is free to hang out. I doubt he will be too long. 
right?” Megan shrugs. 
“Hard to say, the Alphas can make these meetings drag out forever.” Hmm… 
“Oh, maybe I should have asked Darrien to take me home instead. But Bellamy did say for me to come over so he must not be intending for the meeting to take too long. I guess I can just wait.” Megan agrees and makes sure I’m comfortable in the living room before heading. upstairs to work on her assignment. I sit for about thirty minutes reading on my phone before. I start getting impatient. Maybe I can just sneak up and listen at the door a bit? I might be able to get some idea of how long the meeting is going to take. 
I do 
my best to creep quietly down the hall towards his office. The door isn’t closed the whole way and I can listen in fairly easily. 
“You can’t deny that your sister killed a man.” I hear the obnoxious canine Alpha saying. 
“It was self defence though.” a calm voice says. I’m fairly sure that’s Alpha Kohan Aspen, the Bear Shifter Alpha that I met last time. I appreciate him trying to help. 
“So you say. But this meeting has been called because one of YOUR Shifters has complained publicly about your sister murdering her son unjustly. She claims that after leaving him at the 
altar and breaking his heart, she overreacted and killed him when he became understandabl upset. Miss Gale wasn’t alone, she had her guard there and dozens of other Shifters. Surely killing him couldn’t have been her only choice.” The canine Alpha argues. What a jerk! Is he seriously trying to put all this back on Megan? When Bellamy answers his tone is very calm and controlled, but even I can tell he isn’t happy. 
“As you said, she wasn’t alone. There are witnesses who saw Tristain attack my sister. She did what she had to-” The Canine Alpha cuts Bellamy off with a snort. 
3/4 
86- Puppies and pregnancies 
“Witnesses! Hah, all the witnesses that you have provided are YOUR Shifters. Of course they would lie for you.” he argues. Okay, that’s it. Before I even realise what I’m doing, I knock on the office door and push it open further so that everyone in the room can see me. Bellamy is sitting at his desk, Alpha Kohen is sitting in my recliner spot. The Avian Alpha is leaning against a wall looking bored, his arms crossed over his chest. The Canine Alpha is standing over Bellamy’s desk, his posture is far more aggressive than I appreciate. 
“Hi, you might 
you might remember me. I’m Ryann Gale. Sorry, I was heading to the kitchen and I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation. You are yelling by the way, did you know that?” I pause and take a deep breath, then adjust my braid a little, is there a hair that’s pulled just a little bit too tight somewhere? Ugh I hate that. 
“Well, anyway. I was at the almost–wedding and I saw what happened to Tristain. I’m not a Shifter at all, nor am I on Bellamy’s payroll. What Megan did was definitely self–defence. 
Besides that, there’s no way that Tristain was ‘heart broken‘ like his mother claims. He even said himself that he was planning to use Megan to get to Bellamy, I mean, Alpha Kane. Also he was with someone else the entire time.” I point out. The Canine Alpha turns on me and takes a step closer which causes Bellamy to rise from his seat. I make eye contact with him 
and shake my head. The Canine Alpha isn’t going to try and hurt me here. Not in front of all the other Alphas, no matter how annoying I am.
###Chapter 87
87- Running and regret 
“You can’t know that he didn’t care for her, or that he was with someone else.” He s. I 
raise an eyebrow. 
“I take it you haven’t heard what my particular brand of magic is then? I can see the strings of fate. I know who people’s destined soulmates are before they do half the time. And I can tell you with complete certainty that Tristain had found his soulmate and it wasn’t Megan. Also Megan did spare Tristain at first. Then he tried to attack again and was killed by accident.” The Canine Alpha seems to be stunned into silence. It’s Alpha Kohen who speaks first from his spot in the recliner. 
“Well, it looks like this meeting was for nothing. Alpha Kane has things well in hand. The complaints from that woman are just the denial of a woman who can’t admit her son isn’t perfect. Not that I can really blame her, no parent wants to believe their child was a bad person.” He pulls the lever on the side of the recliner and lays back, closing his eyes and relaxing. The Canine Alpha sputters for a moment before storming out of the office, slamming the door behind him. The Avian Alpha is the next to move, he walks a slow circle around me. 
“Well, you are a curious one aren’t you? I suppose you’re here looking for Alpha Kane’s mate. Do hurry up and find her. Maybe when you’re done you can come help me, I have a few Shifters who have been searching for their mates for a long time now with no success.” I 
frown. 
“Uh, I’m not a matchmaker, and I strongly believe in letting events occur on their own.” I respond, awkwardly. He just shrugs it off. 
“Very well, do let me know if you change your mind. And Alpha Kane, do hurry up and find your mate. Then maybe incidents like this won’t happen in the first place.” With that said, he also lets himself out of the office, but he closes the door gently behind himself. I work hard. not to wince at his mention of Bellamy’s mate. Alpha Koden lowers the footrest of the recliner and hoists his large form out of the chair. 
“Well, I think that’s my cue. He is right though, you should sort things out with your mate as soon as you can. I have a baby due any day now and I don’t want to be constantly called to meetings where all we do is complain about your relationship status, particularly when it’s ant 
1/4 
87- Running and regret 
issue so easily remedied.” His tone is meaningful and he makes eye contact with Bellamy briefly before turning to me and giving a friendly wink. 
“Nice to see you again.” I smile and nod in response. 
“You too, good luck with your baby.” He heads off leaving Bellamy and I alone. Once the other Alphas are all gone my shoulders droop. Speaking to them is kind of nerve wracking. Also I now feel lower than dirt after their mentions of how Bellamy needs a mate. It’s one thing from the Avian Alpha. I find it difficult to care about the opinion of someone who so clearly has no interest in Bellamy’s actual wellbeing. But the Alpha Kohen… I actually like him. So it kinda hurt to hear him mention it. I feel so dreadful. Bellamy can’t even say anything, or rather he won’t. And that’s only because I asked him not to. I know that if it were up to him he would have told them what I am to him in a heartbeat. Hell he would tell anyone who would listen. For someone as honest as he is, keeping secrets does not come 
naturally. 
I nearly leap out of my skin at Bellamy’s hand on my shoulder. 
“Woah, I didn’t mean to scare you. I’ve been saying your name and you didn’t answer. What are you thinking about so deeply that has you looking so serious?” Bellamy asks, dropping his hand to his side and tilting his head curiously. I just shrug. 
“It’s nothing, I was just distracted. Don’t worry about it.” I force a cheerful tone. He examines my face closely for a moment before nodding. 
“If you say so. How was lunch? Was it as good as it looked?” he asks wistfully. 
“I was mostly watching Darrien make moon eyes at Megan while she pretended not to notice. I was a definite third wheel. As for the food, it was pretty good. I brought yours back with me in a takeout container. It’s in the fridge when you’re ready. It seemed a shame to waste it, particularly since you already paid.” Bellamy’s face lights up. 
“Really?” I nod. 
“Yeah, I mean it might not be as nice reheated, but better than nothing at all right?” Bellamy heads towards the kitchen eagerly to reheat his meal. I can’t seem to think of anything but getting home. I still feel like an awful person and I just want to curl up in my bed. I send 
2/4 
87- Running and regret 
Darrien a message asking if he can come give me a ride home. He sends back a confirmation that he will be there in five minutes. 
“Thanks for bringing my lunch. So, what do you want to do this afternoon?” He asks as he hits buttons on the microwave. Why do microwaves have to make such obnoxious beeping sounds anyway? Right now it is grating on my nerves. 
“Oh, I’m actually heading home. I have some stuff I ought to get done.” I answer awkwardly. Bellamy frowns. 
have 
“Oh, I thought you were free this afternoon. But okay, I’ll drive you home then. Do you hat time for me to finish eating first?” He asks. I shake my head. 
“Don’t worry about it. Darrien already agreed to take me.” I wave towards the microwave. 
“Don’t rush your meal.” Bellamy looks disappointed. 
“Oh. I would have taken you. Are you sure you have to head off so soon? I was looking forward to spending time with you.” He says sweetly. It just makes me feel worse. He needs to stop being nice to me, I don’t deserve it. 
“I told you, I have things to do.” I insist. 
“What things? Maybe I could help?” He suggests. 
“Just things, it doesn’t matter!” I hear Darrien pull up out front. 
“Darrien is here. I need to go. I’ll talk to you later.” 
“Give me a second, I’ll walk you out. I just need to-” I don’t wait for Bellamy. I grab my stuff and half run to the front door. I close it behind me and move straight past Darrien and hop into the car. He raises an eyebrow and watches me with a slightly judgemental expression but doesn’t comment. He just gets into the driver’s seat and starts towards my place. We sit in uncomfortable silence for a minute or two then I break it, forcing more false cheer into my 
tone. 
“So, things went well with Megan today, yeah?” I start. He glances sideways at me in a way 
3/4 
87- Running and regret 
that tells me he knows I’m avoiding some issue. I hold my breath as he considers a moment. before answering. 
“Yes. It went about as well as I could have anticipated. I didn’t want to get my hopes up too much. Did she say anything about it?” 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 88
Strings of Fate 
88- Naps and nerves 
I release my breath as I realise he’s decided to let me direct the topic away from my own 
issues. 
“No, she basically ran up to her room as soon as we got back. She said she has homework but I suspect that she just wanted some time to process things. I bet she will want to talk about it tomorrow, or maybe even later tonight.” I explain. He nods. 
“Right, right. That makes sense. What… What are you going to tell her?” He questions 
nervously. 
“You mean am I going to tell her about your red thread? Well, honestly I’m not sure yet. It depends on what she asks me. If she wants to know she will ask and I won’t lie to her. But I 
doubt she will ask just yet. I will just be encouraging and when she’s ready I’m sure she will bring it up on her own.” 
“Yeah, okay. That’s fair. Good plan, I think.” He pauses before continuing. 
“Thanks for your help with this. And for being there today. I know it must have been awkward for you, particularly once Alpha Kane left. I didn’t anticipate that.” he says apologetically. I 
shrug. 
“You couldn’t have planned for that. I am curious though, why did you choose to do that while we were there? You’re alone with Megan all the time. Why choose a group outing to declare your intentions. Was it impulsive or planned?” I ask, mostly to keep him talking so that the topic won’t swap to Bellamy and I. But I do actually want to know the answer. 
“I planned to do it with you both around. Partially in case it upset her and she needed you to comfort her, or if she wanted me to leave then Bellamy would be there to keep her safe. But also because you two are the only people whose opinions she would worry about. So this way she is reassured that you both approve. At least I know you approve of the relationship. I’m not so sure about Alpha Kane, but he didn’t say anything against it…” he trails off and I roll 
my eyes. 
“He approves of you. I’m sure of it. He’s just protective of his sister. He wouldn’t stay quiet if 
THE 
1/4 
88- Naps and nerves. 
he hated you. He learned that lesson the first time.” I consider his explanation for a minute in 
silence. 
“You really put a lot of thought into all of this didn’t you? It’s very sweet of you.” I tell him. He blushes and keeps his eyes focused intently on the road. 
“Thanks. And yes, I did. I’ve had a lot of time to contemplate it.” He points out as he pulls up 
at my home. 
Darrien walks me up to my door and makes sure I’m safely inside before heading off. I use my phone to set my security system and realise I have a message from Bellamy. Scratch that, I have three messages from him. 
Bellamy- Ryann is everything okay? You left in a rush. 
Bellamy- Let me know when you get home, I’ll call you and we can talk. 
Bellamy- If it’s nothing that’s good. I’m just worried. You seemed off… 
I read the messages a few times then sigh. I can’t bring myself to lie to him so instead I just don’t answer. I kick my shoes off in the doorway messily, drop my phone on the table and head straight into my room. I collapse into my bed, fully clothed. It’s so quiet here. The more time I spend with Bellamy and Megan, the more I find that my home is disturbingly quiet. I guess I appreciate the background noises and signs of life that come with being around other people. The sound of Bellamy’s keyboard clicking, or Megan dragging her feet as she shuffles around in slippers. How they will randomly bring me a drink or snack every time they get up to get something for themselves, even the sounds of the two of them bickering. It just makes 
home seem empty somehow. I thought coming back here would help me feel better, but if anything, I feel worse. The guilt is still here, the only difference is that now I’m alone. Maybe I should have stayed and talked to Bellamy about it. But I already know what he’s going to say, that he doesn’t mind and not to feel rushed and blah blah. I know he means it too which honestly makes it feel worse. I find myself starting to doze off. I think a nap might help. I can deal with everything when I wake up. Right now, I just want to take a break. 
my 
I peel open my eyes in confusion. What time is it? And what woke me up? A loud banging at my door answers the second question at least. I sit up and rub the sleep out of my eyes. What is it about a nap that makes time feel so unreal? I feel like it’s either been five minutes or five. 
2/4 
Emergency calls only. 
88- Naps and nerves 
075% 11:49 
D 
hours and I’m not sure it makes a difference which. The knocking at my front door continues and pushes me into action. I climb out of bed, catching my foot in a blanket and tripping as I go. I glance out the little window by my door and see it’s Bellamy. I immediately answer the door. He bursts in and sweeps me up into his arms. I can feel his heart beating frantically and he is incredibly tense. 
“Bellamy? What’s wrong?” I ask, alarmed. He releases me and steps back. I close the front door. He glares at me. 
“What’s wrong?! I’ve been worried sick. You ran out on me earlier with no good explanation, then didn’t answer your phone. You missed your last check in and I have called you five times and you haven’t responded! I thought something might have happened to you!” He half yells the words and begins pacing my small kitchen. I stay where I am. 
“I- I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to miss the check in. I fell asleep and left my phone in here, and it must be on silent still. I didn’t even hear you calling.” I admit. Bellamy sighs but finally 
stops pacing. 
“Okay, I suppose it’s understandable if you fell asleep. I know I’m overreacting. I just worked 
myself up. You were acting weird when you left and I haven’t been able to stop thinking 
about it.” He raises an eyebrow and crosses his arms over his chest, waiting for an 
explanation. 
“It’s really nothing…” I start. Bellamy immediately shakes his head. 
“You ran away again. You said you would try your best not to do that.” he points out and I cringe. He isn’t wrong. Now I feel even worse than I did before. It turns out that avoiding things and not talking about them might actually be more painful than talking it out. I sigh 
deeply. 
“I know. You’re right and I’m sorry. I didn’t even realise that I was running away until I was already home. You’re right, I was upset.” I admit. Bellamy relaxes his posture a little and steps closer to me. He takes me by the hand and leads me to sit on the couch then kneels on 
the floor in front of me. 
“Tell me what upset you.” He insists, a gentle but firm demand. 
###Chapter 89
Strings of Fate 
89- Guilt and glass 
“I- It was what the other Alphas said at the end of the meeting, saying you need your mate. I can mostly ignore them when they’re being jerks. But Alpha Kohen is nice, and he was. actually being kind. It just left me feeling really guilty.” I confess. Bellamy takes both of my 
hands in his. 
“Hey, look at me.” I meet his gaze. His golden eyes are gentle. 
“It’s really okay. I know you’re stressed by it, but you shouldn’t feel guilty. I’m the one who is asking a lot of you in expecting you to take on extra duties as my mate one day. The very least I can do is give you time to be ready for it. The other Alphas have been saying stuff like that pretty much since I stepped up. It doesn’t bother me and I don’t want it to bother you either. My situation with the Alphas hasn’t changed, you’re not making anything more difficult for me, and when you are ready, you’re only going to make things easier. Besides, you might not be aware of it but you have already started stepping into the role in small ways, I think that when you are ready, it won’t feel as unnatural for you as you expect.” He strokes 
small circles on the backs of my hands. 
“Now, are we okay? Is there anything else that’s bothering you?” He asks. I nod and then shake my head as I think about what he’s said. I suppose his situation with the Alphas hasn’t actually changed, and their comments are fairly harmless. Maybe I should ask Bellamy or Megan to come up with a list of things I would be expected to do as Bellamy’s mate? It might make it easier to consider if I know more about what to expect. 
“I think it’s okay now. I was just feeling bad. And I really was planning to call you when I woke up. I don’t even know what time it is right now!” I answer. Bellamy laughs as he gets to his feet then collapses into the couch next to me. He swings an arm up over my shoulders and crushes me into his side in a hug. 
“It’s a bit after five. If you went to sleep as soon as you got home, you probably napped for about four hours.” He glances at his phone. 
“Are you hungry? We could order something?” He offers. I nod. 
“That sounds nice. Want to watch a movie or something too? I really did PLAN to spend the afternoon with you. I’m sorry my freak out ruined your plans.” Bellamy boops me on the nose 
1/3 
Guilt and glass 
with one finger. 
“Stop apologising, I already told you it’s okay. Now, what do you feel like eating?” 
Bellamy and I order a pizza to split and it arrives so fast that we haven’t even managed to pick a movie yet. Eventually we settle on an action movie and I turn off the lights in the living area. We eat in the light of the TV with the pizza box on Bellamy’s lap so we can both reach. When we finish eating Bellamy tosses the empty pizza box (okay so he ate most of it…) down onto the floor out of the way and he pulls me over into his lap a wraps his arms around me. I relax into his embrace as we finish the end of the movie. As the credits roll Bellamy starts running his lips from my jaw, down my neck and back again. Over and over, making me shiver. The TV is playing teaser trailers for other movies, but I have no idea what as Bellamy turns me around and kisses me deeply. I sink into the kiss and kiss him back eagerly. His hands twist into my hair and mine end up on his shoulders. He trails one hand down my back, stroking my waist and side as he goes. Suddenly his hand dips down to my ass and I can’t help but freeze up again and without thinking, I push against Bellamy’s chest. Bellamy stops and removes his hand. We both stare at each other for a moment, breathless. Then Bellamy releases me and collapses back into the couch, his eyes closed and head tilted back. His breathing is still uneven and he groans. 
“1- I” I stammer out. Without opening his eyes Bellamy waves a dismissive hand in my 
direction. 
“You don’t need to explain. It’s okay. I just need a minute.” We sit in silence for a minute 
until we both have normal breathing again. I anxiously wring my hands together. Bellamy finally opens his eyes and when he looks at me they are molten gold emphasising his dark pupils. He sighs again.. 
“I was going to ask if I could stay, but now I’m thinking it might be tempting fate a little bit. I think I might head home for yet another cold shower.” He winks at me and I shrink back into 
the couch. He leans in and kisses me on the forehead. 
“Come now, none of that.” he grumbles. He gets to his feet and heads towards the door. His hand is on the door handle when I manage to find my voice. 
“Are you 
you mad at me?” I blurt out. Bellamy whirls around in a single movement and makes eye 
contact with me. 
2/3 
glass 
“I’ll say it as many times as I need to, when it comes to this, I’ll never be mad at you. I’m just a little disappointed. Not with you, just in general. I’ve told you I’m happy to wait and I am. But I won’t deny that I want you. I’m leaving now because I respect your boundaries, not because I’m upset.” He says firmly. With that said, he heads out the front door without another word, closing it behind him. I get up, lock it and set the security system again. I know I shouldn’t be tired after taking such a lot nap today, but somehow exhaustion still sinks in and I quickly change into pyjamas, shivering as I change then crawl into bed under my blankets. I toss and turn for a little while, but it doesn’t take long for my eyes to close and my breathing to even out. Before I know it, I fall asleep. 
I wake to a loud crashing sound and pain in my right arm. It’s dark and I blindly grab at my arm and my hand comes away wet. Alarmed, I reach around blindly for my lamp, rolling in my bed I can feel something sharp stabbing at me and I flinch away from it. I manage to turn on my lamp and I stare in horror. My bedroom window is smashed to pieces and there are shards of glass all through my bed. My arm is bleeding, presumably cut by the glass. What the hell is happening? I need to call Bellamy. My phone is on the far side of my bedside table and I don’t want to roll around on glass trying to reach it. I look around and I can see that most of the glass is on my bed covers which is probably what saved me from further injury. My arms and head were the only parts of me exposed. I carefully grab the edge of the bed cover with my 
left hand and fold the closest corners into the middle of the bed, exposing my legs so that I can get up. I move to the edge of the bed and look down. There’s glass on the floor too. How did it even spread so far? I didn’t know a window HAD that much glass in it.. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
11 
###Chapter 90
90- Fury and fear 
I lean down and pick up my slippers from the floor. I give them a good shake and a few shards of glass fall from them. I run my hands through the insides and once I’m fairly certain they’re safe, I slip them on my feet and stand up. I grab my phone and carefully make my way to my bedroom door, tiptoeing my way around the glass as well as I can in my slippers which are really not made for tiptoeing. I pause in the doorway and look back. My bedroom looks. like a crime scene. Glass everywhere and smears of blood on the blankets, my bedside table hand and lamp. I look at my feet and realise my slippers are also covered in blood from my where I touched my arm. Pulling myself together, I head straight into the kitchen and grab a hand towel. I dampen it and wipe at my arm. I don’t think there’s any glass in it. I get another towel and press it against my arm. I hope I don’t need stitches. I’m wiping the blood off my phone so that I can call Bellamy when the banging on my front door starts. I immediately drop to the floor and hide behind the counter, my heart racing until I hear Bellamy yelling. 
“Ryann! Are you in there? Are you okay?” I know I need to answer him and get up to answer the door. But my voice seems to have left me and my legs just won’t support me. I can hear voices murmuring behind the door and the sound of a key in the lock. Aaron must be here. He took a spare key in case of emergencies when we set up the security system. Bellamy bursts in and it takes him about half a second to zero in on me behind the counter. In an instant he is there scooping me up into his arms. Shaun and Aaron step into sight, but as soon as they start to approach Bellamy lets out a sound somewhere between a hiss and a growl. His arms tighten around me and he moves me behind him. I have no idea what’s going on but Shaun and Aaron seem to understand because they both take a few steps back and lower their eyes 
to the floor. 
“Uhm, Bellamy?” I start. He doesn’t answer but instead looks around, his eyes darting around the room, pausing on Shaun and Aaron before focusing in on my bedroom. He surges to his feet, taking me with him. Before I can so much as blink, he lifts me into his arms and carries me to my room, keeping himself between me and the other guys the entire time. He snarls with agitation as he sees the mess in my bedroom. He carries me into my bathroom, the crunch of glass under his shoes as he passes through the glass. He checks the bathroom thoroughly before closing the door and locking it. He sits me on the bathroom counter next to the sink but doesn’t step away. Instead he begins checking me over. He quickly finds the cut on my arm, pushing away my hand and the bloody towel to examine it properly. Once he’s determined it won’t kill me, he continues checking me over, even going so far as to roll up my 
1/4 
90–Fury and fear 
Pyjama pants as far as they’ll go, running his hands up my legs and pushing my top up. I keep a hand over my chest stopping him from pushing it any further. He seems frustrated butt doesn’t force it. He is breathing heavily and his attention returns to the cut on my amm 
“Bellamy” I try again. This time he meets my eyes and I can see his eyes look wild. He’s still not talking and I have no idea what to do. There’s a light knock on the bathroom door and Bellamy whirls around to face it, keeping me behind him, pressed against his badt. 
“It’s just me. Are you okay in there?” Shaun calls out. I breathe a sigh of relief. 
Uhm, sort of? I have a cut on my arm that probably needs some medical attention. Also Bellamy is acting weird, he’s not talking.” I call back. Bellamy barely even reacts to his name. all his attention is focussed on the door. 
“If you’re injured that would explain it. His protective instincts are in overdrive right now. They’ve kind of taken over. He’s taken you to a defendable area and is keeping you away f all potential threats, including us. He needs to calm down before we can come im there safely. Try to talk to him, reassure him. If it doesn’t work then just call out and we will think off something else. In the meantime we’re going to have a look around and check for threats.“1 can hear glass crunching as Shaun moves away from the door. I quickly leam over and use the sink to rinse the blood off my hands. Then I wipe them off om my mostly–dean pajama pants and grab the sides off Bellamy’s face, forcing him to look at my eyes care them olmersively checking me for non–existent injuries. 
“Uhm. Bellamy? I really am okay, it’s just a little cut from the glass. I promise you I am completely okay. You can bandage me up and I’ll be good as new in no time.” I try to reassure him. He continues to stare at me. I can see him smiming at the air. Att fist I think it’s mot working, then he finally speaks. 
“You’re scared.” he grunts out. I frown and shake my head 
“No, I WAS scared. Now that you’re here, I feel perfectly saw 
won’t let anything 
bad happen to me.” I state firmly. This seems to be exactly when he needed to hear because 
the tension slowly drains out of him. His posture softens and intend of searching me for injuries, his hands are now resting lightly on my wHIST 
“You’re okay?” He asks. I nod my head and confirm again. 
PAC 
90- Fury and fear 
“I’m really, really okay.” I press myself closer to him so I can lean against his chest. His arms wrap around me, careful of my injured arm and I rest my head against him. 
“Thankyou for coming.” I murmur. Bellamy sighs and buries his face in my hair. After a minute he pulls away. 
“Do you have a first aid kit? Bandages?” He asks. I nod and point down to the cupboard underneath the bench I’m sitting on. Bellamy crouches and opens the door just enough to get the first aid kit without moving me. He spends the next few minutes fussing over my arm, cleaning and bandaging it. 
“We really should take you to see a doctor, just in case.” He grumbles. I shake my head adamantly. 
“No way. Absolutely not. It’s just a cut. If it gets worse or something I’ll go see a doctor, but until then, I’m just fine.” I glance down at myself and wrinkle up my nose. 
“I could use a shower and a change of clothes though. Maybe we should have waited to bandage it until I cleaned up.” I stare at my pyjama pants and wonder if the blood will wash out, they are my favourites. I mean, as a woman I have gotten blood out of plenty of other clothing items, usually pants. It’s worth a shot. 
“What about a bath?” Bellamy suggests. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Bellamy, do you see a bathtub in here?” I gesture around the room. His brow furrows and he 
stares at me. 
“You can’t possibly think I’m going to let you stay here after this.” He stares pointedly at my arm. I cross my arms, ignoring the burning pain. 
###Chapter 91
Strings of Fate 
91- Rocks and racing 
“Let me?” I repeat, glaring. He sighs dramatically. 
“You’re not seriously going to argue are you? It’s not safe here right now, and I don’t think I could stand to let you out of my sight. Come stay with me. It doesn’t have to be forever. Just until this is sorted out.” He holds my gaze, pleading in his expression. 
“If you don’t come with me I won’t be leaving, and I’ll be keeping Shaun and Aaron here too.” He adds. I roll my eyes. 
“That’s just excessive. But I do see your point. I want to be there with you if it will help your feel better, and it will help me feel safe too. But also, my bedroom window is smashed to pieces and my bed is full of glass.” I 
bed is full of glass.” I pause, hesitating. 
“What is it?” he prompts. I sigh. 
“I’m worried about Maggie and the other people in the building. I know it’s not likely that anyone would attack them, but I just can’t help it.” I admit. 
“I’ll arrange for a security detail for the building until this is sorted out. They’ll be safe.” He promises. I smile at him, a weak and sort of pathetic smile, but still a smile. 
“Thankyou.” 
That settled, Bellamy finally lets me leave the bathroom. Either Shaun or Aaron have used my broom and swept the worst of the glass up to the side of my bed so, with shoes on, the room can be mostly, safely navigated. I shiver as I look around and realise it’s because there is a breeze coming in from my broken window. I sigh and then go dig through my closet looking for my rarely used gym bag. I eventually find it and put it on top of the dresser. I spend a few minutes and pack a few outfits and comfort items, my phone charger, toothbrush and so on. I glance at the untouched pile of clothes that Bellamy left here. Well that was a waste, he hasn’t even used them and I’m going to stay with him. Then again, it might not be forever. I might still come back here. I can’t help but snort at the thought. No way, once I live with him I highly doubt Bellamy is going to let me move back here without a fight, and I am fairly sure he could win it without much difficulty. The place has been feeling more and more lonely 
1/4 
91- Rocks and racing 
lately. Still, I need to talk to Maggie, and ugh, pay for the window and I don’t know what else. Also staying with Bellamy? Assuming I do end up staying for more than a week or two I need to work out some kind of agreement for rent. I get the feeling he is going to argue about that too. Ugh, I haven’t even gotten there yet and I’m stressing out about it. 
I look around the room for anything I’ve missed. I know I can come back and get more stuff later, but I want to make sure I’m okay for at least a few days. I made sure to pack my work clothes and shoes. I have regular clothes and pyjamas. My eyes land on my bed and my favourite pillow. It’s silly and unnecessary… But I want it with me. Still, there’s glass everywhere and I don’t know that I should try going over there. I think if I were to cut myself again Bellamy might lose it completely. Bellamy notices my focus. 
“What are you looking for?” he asks. I point at the pillow. 
“I want that pillow, but…. The glass…” I trail off, no further explanation needed. Bellamy doesn’t respond, just moves to the bed, crunching over the scattered glass shards and grabs the pillow. He shakes it and pats it down thoroughly making sure that there is no glass stuck in it anywhere before bringing it to me. I take it immediately. He zips up my bag and pulls it over his shoulder. It’s a baby pink colour and honestly looks a little ridiculous on him. But also sort of adorable? We head out to the living area. I feel particularly small and pathetic in my blood smeared pyjamas and unicorn slippers, my hair a mess. I must look awful. Shaun is just hanging up the phone as we approach. 
“I just spoke to Alex, he’s getting all the security footage from all the cameras together and sending over a proper investigation team. The damage out front is mostly just typical vandalism and it looks like it was done before the window was smashed. As for that, we found. this in the bed.” He holds up a large rock, it looks like one from one of the yards of a neighbour down the street. I see those rocks all the time while walking to work. 
“Also, this was tied to the rock.” he hands Bellamy a crumpled up piece of paper. I recognise the typed out writing from my last letter. 
YOU WILL PAY BITCH. 
THIS IS ONLY THE BEGINNING. 
BETTER WATCH YOUR HEAD!!! 
2/4 
91- Rocks and racing 
Watch your head? Seriously? Who is writing these notes? Do they think they’re funny? I am completely over this. I was scared, and admittedly, I probably will feel scared again later, but right now? I’m just pissed off. Although maybe not as pissed as Bellamy who looks about ready to strangle someone. I take his free hand and weave my fingers through his. He hands the note back to Shaun. 
“I’m taking Ryann home. Look into this and make sure the security team puts a tarp over that window or something. Also make sure someone speaks to the landlady in the morning. Tell Alex I need an ongoing security detail for the other residents of the building until this issue is resolved.” Shaun nods. 
“Yes Alpha Kane.” Something else Shaun said a minute ago registers in my brain. 
“Other damage? Did whoever it was do something other than throw the rock and break my window?” I ask. Shaun nods sympathetically but doesn’t say anything, just glances towards the front door. Aaron gestures for me to follow him. Still clutching Bellamy’s hand, we head outside and I can see the damage. My front door is full of gouges, clearly from claws, and almost every inch of door, wall or window is covered in red and black spray paint with X marks, insults, and general profanity. I read a few then force myself to look away. It’s too stressful. Bellamy tugs me away and leads me down to his waiting car. He opens the door for me and actually buckles me in before dropping my bag in the back seat and heading around to the drivers side. The entire drive back to his home he constantly glances sideways at me, to the point I am actually concerned that he isn’t watching the road enough. He also holds. my hand unless he really has to let go to drive. Well, to drive without smashing into a pole or something at least. 
We make it back to Bellamy’s place in what has to be record time. I was so preoccupied 1 didn’t notice, but there is no way he wasn’t speeding. We got here way too fast. Likewise, he hurries me inside, grabbing my bag and practically dragging me through the front door. He locks it behind him and checks the door. Twice. Only then is he satisfied. He still doesn’t let go of my hand though. We stand there awkwardly. I eventually pull away and pick up my bag, if only for something to break the standstill. The problem with that is I am just now realising that we didn’t actually discuss sleeping arrangements and I have no idea what to do or where 
to go. 
###Chapter 92
92- Seeing and staying 
“Uhh, so… Where should I leave this?” I hold up the bag awkwardly, then immediately lower it again. It’s heavier than I realised. Bellamy freezes and looks me over, a calculating expression on his face. 
“Well, you can stay with me if you want. Or I can set up one of the empty bedrooms. If you don’t want to be alone or… with me… then I’m sure Megan wouldn’t mind if you stayed with her.” He seems to be assessing my expression. I don’t even know what kind of look is on my face right now, but he must not be finding it encouraging because he doesn’t look too happy. 
“What would YOU prefer?” I ask. I figure it’s better to have all the information before making a decision. 
“I won’t lie to you. Right now the idea of you being anywhere I can’t see you leaves me on the verge of a panic attack. But I should also say I always want you to stay with me. I don’t want to pressure you though. I just want to make it clear that I’m not just saying it because 
I’m…” He stops 
trying to think of a good way to say it, probably looking for a word that 
won’t scare me off or freak me out more than I already am. 
“Concerned?” I suggest. He shrugs. 
“Sure, concerned. But don’t worry about me. What do YOU want? I’ll find a way to make it work.” He promises. The fact that he is being so accommodating, particularly when I can see that it is nearly physically painful for him to make the offer makes me want to accommodate. 
him instead. I’m just a little concerned that if I’m staying in his room it will make things hard for him (innuendo completely intended) but I suppose he can make that decision for himself. I’m also worried that it will become glaringly obvious to people that I’m meant to be his 
mate. 
“I… I wouldn’t mind staying with you. As long as it remains private, I’m still not ready to deal with everyone, particularly not while dealing with some psycho leaving me creepy notes.” I 
shudder and he runs a warm hand down my arm. 
“It’ll be fine. Guests aren’t allowed upstairs. That’s for family only.” He states firmly. I raise an eyebrow. I’ve been making myself comfortable all over this house, I didn’t realise there 
were rules. 
1/4 
92- Seeing and staying 
“You’re family. Doesn’t matter if it’s official or not.” He gives as an explanation. I smile weakly and nod my acceptance. My eyes are drawn to a spot of blood on Bellamy’s grey top. The bandage on my arm hasn’t bled through, so it’s most likely transferred from what I’m wearing. I wrinkle my nose and look down at myself. 
“I think I need to clean up a bit.” I tell him. He nods eagerly. 
“How about that bath?” he suggests. That actually sounds amazing. I don’t think I’ve ever really had the chance to relax in a bath. Group homes and cheap apartments don’t really 
allow for luxuries like baths. 
“I think that sounds perfect.” I tell him warmly. He takes my bag from me, although I was only holding the strap while the bag rested on the floor. We head upstairs. Bellamy drops off my bag in his room, leaving it on his bed. He then leads me to the main bathroom which I 
haven’t actually used. I’ve only really used the guest bathroom downstairs. The room is gorgeous, done in grey and gold with one of those freestanding tubs that most people can 
only dream about. 
“My- our room has an ensuite. But it doesn’t have a tub.” He explains as he moves around the bathroom. Then, as if it’s totally natural, he starts running the bath. He then starts sorting through the cupboard and sits back with an ‘aha‘ sound. 
“I knew my sister had a stash of bath stuff somewhere.” He mutters as he tips a generous amount of what must be bubble bath into the water. He continues pointing out the towels and locations of soap as well as Megan’s hair products. 
“She won’t mind if you use a bit. And I’ll replace it tomorrow if there is an issue. Are there any products you like? I’ll get them for you while I’m at it.” he offers. Is it weird that he’s running the bath for me? I could definitely do that myself… I suppose he is just trying to take care of me, I guess it’s kind of sweet, right? 
“You don’t have to get me stuff, I have my own and I have my own money.” I insist. He shrugs it off and I really don’t think he is listening to what I’m saying. I sigh and roll my eyes. That’s a battle for another time I think. The bath is almost full and Bellamy turns off the water and 
gestures to the tub. 
“All yours.” He smiles proudly. I stand there waiting for him to move but he just stays where 
2/4 
92- Seeing and staying 
he is. 
“Uh… are you just going to stand there… while I take a bath?” I say pointedly, an eyebrow raised. Bellamy’s expression falls and I see horror and fear flash across his face. He glances at the door and I swear he actually goes a little pale. 
“I hadn’t thought about…” he looks vaguely unwell. Did it honestly not occur to him that for me to take a bath he would be expected to leave? Or maybe he didn’t realise just how reluctant he would be. 
“You’re really struggling with this, aren’t you?” I ask, curious and a little sympathetic. He 
nods. 
“I know it doesn’t make sense, it’s paranoid. But I need you where I can see you. I… I didn’t think. This was a bad idea. But I thought that once you were safe, in my home, that it might fade a little. But it hasn’t, not at all.” he sounds helpless. I sigh and consider my options. I could forgo the bath, but I was so looking forward to it, and I need to get cleaned up. Also Bellamy put so much effort into setting it up for me. But if he won’t leave… I mean, the bath has a lot of bubbles… would it really be so bad? 
“Ry? You could have a bath tomorrow or something? I should have thought this through. I really didn’t mean to-” he starts saying, anxiously. I hold up a hand to stop him. 
“Do you need to SEE me or just make sure I’m close?” I ask, cautiously. Bellamy’s eyebrows fly up towards his hairline. 
“I just need to be able to find you if I look. To reassure myself that you’re okay.” He tries to explain. I cross my arms over my chest and assess his body language. He looks pretty miserable. He’s tense and clearly on high alert, that might make my plan difficult for him. 
“Can you keep your eyes closed if you stay?” I ask seriously. He pauses and thinks. 
“It would be… difficult. I desperately want to keep an eye out for danger right now.” He 
admits. 
“What’s worse, leaving the room or keeping your eyes closed?” I persist. This time, he doesn’t hesitate. 
###Chapter 93
93- Blindness and bubbles 
“Leaving you alone is worse.” he confirms. 
“Well, then keep your eyes shut while I’m in the bath and you can stay.” I suggest. He tilts his head to the side. 
“You’re willing to let me stay?” He repeats in confirmation. I nod. 
“If you close your eyes. I know you don’t love that part, but it’s the best compromise I can offer. Decide before the water gets cold please.” Bellamy’s eyes dart around the room. His eyes land on the window. Like most bathrooms, it’s a small window that isn’t easily accessed. I doubt it’s even visible from outside. Appearing to make a decision, he marches towards the door. Huh, he’s leaving? Or not. He reaches the door, locks it then sits himself on the ground. with his back against the door and closes his eyes. 
“I won’t look. I promise.” he assures me. I quickly strip out of my clothes and chuck them on the floor by the vanity. The water is hot, but comfortable when I climb in, clutching the edges of the tub to prevent myself from falling. I can’t help but glance over at Bellamy. I do trust him to keep his eyes shut, but I still feel weirdly paranoid about it. I settle down into the water, careful to keep my bandages dry and on the edge of the bath. The bubbles easily reach my chin. The warmth immediately begins to seep into me and I can’t help but let out a groan of relief. The adrenaline rush that I must have been experiencing earlier is finally starting to fade now that I feel safe. I’m a little awkward having Bellamy in here, but not enough to burst my bubble of bliss right now. I look over at him and he looks… uncomfortable. The tile floor is probably cold and not so nice to sit on. He’s still sitting with his back to the door and his eyes closed, but he has his legs pulled up and is hugging them into his chest. His head is tilted back against the door. 
“You’re going to hurt your neck sitting like that.” I comment. He groans and sits up straighter, rolling and cracking his neck. He starts fiddling with his string bracelet, twirling it around his wrist over and over. 
“You’re right.” He admits. 
“You look really uncomfortable.” I add. He just shrugs at that. 
1/4 
93- Blindness and bubbles 
“I don’t mind. Do you want to talk or would you rather have your bath in peace and pretend I’m not here?” he asks. I can’t help but laugh. 
“Bellamy, I don’t think I could ever successfully pretend you aren’t around, especially not in a situation like this. It will still be peaceful if we’re talking as long as we don’t argue or bicker too much.” I assure him. That pulls a smile from him. 
“I’ll be on my best behaviour. Do you… do you want to talk about what happened tonight?” He asks cautiously. Huh? 
“I already told you what happened didn’t I?” I ask. 
“No, well, yes. But that’s not what I mean. You told me what happened, but not how you feel about it all. You also probably have questions about how I reacted. I understand if you don’t want to talk about it all yet, but you definitely should at some point. If not with me then with Megan or Darrien. Aaron would be acceptable to talk with as well. I suppose you could talk to the Incubus if you felt you had to.” He adds reluctantly at the end. I can’t resist the urge to laugh. 
your 
“I really don’t know what problem is with him. His powers haven’t influenced me in years which means he’s just a guy friend. You don’t have a problem with Aaron or Darrien.” 1 
point out. Bellamy sighs. 
“I know them, it’s different. I know they respect me and our relationship and wouldn’t do anything against it. They support us. The Incubus is your friend, but he isn’t mine. If you ask him for advice he’s not going to have the same context or knowledge about Shifters and he won’t care about my feelings when talking to you. It also worries me that he’s known you longer than I have. That’s something I can never win. There are times that he got to be your friend and be there for you when I wasn’t and it’s hard to forget that.” 
“He and I were close as children, but until we met up by accident that first time when I was 
with you, I hadn’t seen or spoken to him in years. He’s more like a sibling or cousin than a friend.” I wonder if there’s a way I can help Bellamy feel more comfortable about my relationship with Harry. I feel like a significant part of the problem is that all he really knows about Harry is that he’s an Incubus. Maybe it would help if he actually got to know him better as a person rather than as a vague figure. I suspect his imagination is far worse than anything that could actually be happening. 
+ 
2/4 
93- Blindness and bubbles 
“How would you feel about hanging out with Harry sometime? Like we could all go do something together as a group. You might feel better if you knew and trusted him a bit.” I suggest. I look over to see Bellamy’s reaction. He doesn’t look thrilled, but I don’t think he’s instantly rejecting the idea either. 
“Maybe.” he answers reluctantly. Well, that’s good enough for me. I’ll chat with Harry later and see what he thinks. Actually, I have barely looked at my phone today. I should really check the group chat at some point. I keep forgetting. I’m not used to actually having one friend to keep up with, much less a whole group of them. Actually, while I’m thinking about it, I don’t think I have ever seen Bellamy hanging with someone socially, other than myself 
and Megan that is. 
“Bellamy, do you actually have friends?” I ask bluntly. As I say it, I realise that it sounds. 
vaguely insulting. 
“I didn’t mean that the way it sounded. I just meant that I haven’t really seen you hanging 
out with anyone and you haven’t mentioned any other friends. You’re not exactly a shy person so I just thought it was odd that you haven’t talked about anyone…” I trail off. Bellamy sighs. 
“I’m honestly not sure anymore. I used to have friends, but when my parents passed and I became Alpha basically overnight, everything changed. All my friends were Shifters and all my relationships became so… formal. I used to hang out with Shaun, Aaron and Alex occasionally. There’s a reason I picked them to be your guards after all, I trust them. But 1 don’t know how to act around them. The dominant part of me demands their respect and obedience, those aren’t things that work too well in a friendship. Aside from being Alpha I also inherited the security company that they all work for so I become their boss as well. The whole dynamic is just off. It created a distance between us and I haven’t managed to find a 
new balance for it.” he explains. Well that makes some sense I suppose. 
“What about Darrien?” I ask. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“He only moved here a few years back, I didn’t know him that well until recently. He became Megan’s guard because he requested the position and Shaun vouched for him.” 
“Oh, right. I forgot about that. I do think you should try and spend some with those guys. though. They’re all really great and super loyal to you. I suspect more of the friendship is 
3/4 
93- Blindness and puppies 
intact than you realise. As you said, you’re the one with the power in the group, they’re naturally going to follow your lead. If you step back and treat them formally they’re going to do the same. So it stands to reason that if you relax with them a bit more then they will likely do the same.” I suggest. Bellamy slowly nods. 
###Chapter 94
Strings of Fate 
94- Looking and low–key 
“You’re probably right. I’ll think about it.” He agrees. He looks a bit sad and lost as he says it. though. I decide right now that I am making it my personal mission to help Bellamy rekindle his friendships. Maybe we could have a dinner party or games night or something. I might even invite Alpha Kohen and his wife. I think I would like to know them better and Bellamy seems friendly with the Bear Alpha. Although I suppose a night like that would have to wait until I’m comfortable telling people about our relationship because I feel like it would get out fast if we started having guests all the time. 
The conversation lulls a bit and Bellamy loops back to our original discussion. 
“I suppose based on the fact that you changed the topic that you don’t want to talk about tonight yet then?” He prompts. 
“You know, I actually completely forgot that we were even discussing it. I got sidetracked. I’m okay to talk about it with you now if you would like.” I assure him. 
“Okay. Well… how are you feeling about everything?” he asks awkwardly. 
“I’m not completely sure yet. I think I’m still in a bit of shock and it hasn’t completely sunk in yet. I was scared and freaked out earlier, but that went away as soon as you showed up and made sure I was safe. I’m a bit upset and angry about my home being attacked and damaged, and worried about Maggie.” I tell him. 
“What about how I acted? Any questions or feelings about it? Or about moving in here?” He encourages me to continue. 
“I don’t know how I feel about staying here yet. I think there are a lot of details that still need to be worked out. But I know it’s the best of my options and I think it will be okay. As for how you acted. It’s honestly pretty much what I expected from you at this point. I mean, I was a bit concerned that you weren’t talking at first. It was a bit extreme, but I can 
understand it. If I was trying to keep someone safe and they got hurt I would probably want to drag them off and lock us away somewhere safe too. The real difference is that I probably couldn’t realistically manage it.” I tell him with a giggle. 
1/4 
94- Looking and low–key 
“I appreciate how understanding you’re being about my current… clinginess.” He says quietly. He is shifting in place, moving his weight around and still fiddling with his string bracelet. He is starting to look a little antsy. 
“You okay over there?” I ask. 
“I’m fine. I mean my butt has gone numb but it’s no big deal. Not being able to see and look out for dangers is more uncomfortable. I look down at myself. The bath is still completely full of bubbles. I can’t see anything in the water past my neck. Would it really be so bad if I let him look around? I mean, he’s seen me in a towel and he saw me in my underwear when I was drunk. This isn’t really any worse. He would be able to see far less in this situation. He’s been nothing but a perfect gentleman and from the floor he probably can’t see anything other than my head past the edge of the tub anyway. I take a deep breath to steady myself as 
I decide to be brave. 
“I- it’s probably okay if you want to open your eyes, the bubbles cover me anyway. Just… 
Make sure to stay over there, okay?” I tell him. He stiffens up for a moment. 
“You’re sure?” he confirms. I nod. 
“Yeah, it’s fine. I’m basically completely covered away.” Permission given, Bellamy’s eyes fly 
open. They immediately meet mine, then dart around as he checks the room for threats. He lets out a deep breath, clearly relieved to be able to look around. He moves around a bit and changes his position so he is sitting cross legged. It’s a shame neither of us thought to grab a towel or something for him to sit on BEFORE I got into the tub. Now that his eyes are open I can see that Bellamy’s attention is constantly being drawn back to the small bathroom window. I suppose the rock going through the window is still stuck in his brain, particularly since he is still clearly making an effort to not look in my direction too much. I need to find something to talk about to distract him. 
“Uhm, so earlier today in that meeting. Did they just come to talk about Megan or was there something else?” I ask, trying to get him to engage in conversation again. 
“Eh, they started with a few crappy reasons for meeting that were completely unimportant, 
stuff that could have been an email, or at the very least discussed later. Nothing a last 
minute meeting. I’m fairly sure that discussing Megan was their aim the whole time. The 
Canine Alpha has been constantly making efforts to get me replaced or undermine me. He 
2/4 
94- Looking and low–key 
thinks that ‘young people‘ shouldn’t be Alphas. Also, he hated my parents. They also asked why my sister was the one who fought when her guard was supposedly with her. Trying to explain that my sister does whatever she wants didn’t really sit well with them but it is what 
it is.” he sighs. 
“Why didn’t they like it?” I question. It makes no sense to me, why shouldn’t she be allowed 
to defend herself? 
“They don’t like it because the Canine and Avian Alphas are old fashioned and think all women should be barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen. They don’t appreciate that she knew how to defend herself in the first place.” He rolls his eyes dramatically. 
“It’s ridiculous. I know that it might sound a little hypocritical from me given how overprotective I can be, but I would never stop a woman from defending herself, even if I would prefer to do it myself. Particularly when it comes to you. You don’t have claws afterall.” He admits. I laugh. 
“That’s true. I’m not much of a fighter anyway. I know my strengths and that isn’t one of them. Although I wouldn’t be against learning how to defend myself a little, I suspect in a fight with a big cat or a wolf or any other Shifter, I would be fairly useless. But that’s okay because I don’t intend to get into a fight.” A thought occurs to me and I frown, unsure of my 
next question. 
“You say you don’t mind if women fight, but you don’t have any female guards do you? So do you just refuse to hire them for that or is it something else?” I ask, hoping Bellamy doesn’t 
take offence. He just laughs. 
“There ARE female guards. Not a lot mind you, but you just haven’t met any of them. They tend to take on positions where the security needs to be more low–key. When we don’t want people to know that there are guards around. People, particularly the other Shifters, don’t expect a female guard so they assume there’s no security at all.” He explains. 
“I assumed you didn’t have any. I kind of thought if you did then I would have ended up with 
a female guard with how jealous you seem to be.” I comment. He shrugs. 
###Chapter 95
Strings of Fate 
95- Hair and hands 
“As much as I would like to make sure you never meet or speak to another male ever a 
again, I know that isn’t a realistic option. Besides, I trust the guards you have. Plus, in your case, I prefer that your security detail IS obvious. People will think twice about attacking you when you obviously have a bodyguard following you around.” He seems weirdly smug about that. 
“Yeah… right. You’re just happy that I’m putting up with the guard stuff. Although after what happened tonight I suppose I can see your point of view a little better.” I admit. Bellamy’s expression darkens again and I curse in my head. Oops. I was trying to keep his mind off of the whole situation and I had to go and bring it up again. Stupid. Ugh. I frantically try to change the topic again. 
“I need to wash my hair.” I blurt out without thinking. Bellamy blinks, startled at my abrupt 
statement. 
“Okay… just try and be careful of your bandages. I doubt the cut has completely stopped bleeding and the soap would probably sting a lot.” He reminds me. I nod in agreement and grab the bottle of what I guess is Megan’s shampoo from the little table he has placed next to the bath. Then freeze, staring at it with a frown. How the hell am I going to do this without submerging my upper arm, or at very least getting it soaked? This seems impossible. I groan in frustration. This really isn’t my night. 
“What’s wrong?” Bellamy demands. He shifts his weight and looks like he is moments away from launching to hit feet to take care of whatever threat or pain I’m currently pacing. 
“Sorry, it’s no big deal. I just don’t think I can actually wash my hair without getting my injury wet. It’s too awkward. It’s annoying because I feel gross. I think I probably got blood in my hair.” I admit with a mournful sigh. Bellamy looks thoughtful for a minute and hesitates 
before speaking. Clearly nervous. 
“I… I could help. If you want.” He offers. I stare at him speechless for a minute. He wants to… help me wash my hair? Bellamy continues speaking before I can formulate a response. 
“I only want to help you feel better and take care of you. I’m not trying to do anything else, I promise. I just thought… Well. I don’t know exactly. I mean there are the bubbles. You could try and cover up or something if you want. It was probably a stupid idea…” He trails off 
1/4 
95- Hair and hands 
awkwardly. How is it that I’m the one who is naked and he seems uncomfortable? Then again. he doesn’t seem to have a problem with being naked himself. Guess that nudity happens occasionally when you turn into a big cat and back. Your clothes don’t exactly come with you… Still, he looks almost… humiliated at his own suggestion. I can’t stand it. We are literally fated to be together and I’m so awkward that I’ve made him embarrassed to even suggest a fairly innocent form of intimacy. Before I can overthink this any further than I already have, I answer him. 
“Yes.” I half whisper. His head whips up from where he was staring at the floor and looks at 
me. 
“What?” he asks, shock on his face. I’m sure I’m red as a tomato, but I speak up. 
“Yes, please help me with my hair.” I say clearly, forcing myself to hold his gaze so he knows I mean it. A huge smile breaks out across his face. Why is he so happy? 
“You trust me.” He answers my unspoken question. I guess my confusion was obvious. 
He gets to his feet, slowly and a little stiffly. Probably from the cold floor. He then approaches me slowly, keeping his eyes on my face. I feel like an animal that he is trying not to frighten off. He reaches the edge of the tub and I hand him the shampoo, trying to ignore the slight andety running through me. After a moments pause, Bellamy grabs an empty container that was by the sink. A cup used for water I suppose? He dips it in the tub and fills it, then carefully keeping it away from my eyes and arm, he tips it slowly over my head to dampen my hair. Then continues to add shampoo and begins lathering it in, slowly massaging my scalp as he does. He is being insanely gentle and oh wow does that feel amazing. I don’t think I’ve ever had anyone massage my head before. Then again, I don’t think I’ve ever really had anyone massage anything. I’ve never been a particularly touchy–feely person, not to mention I’ve never really had anyone to be touchy–feely with. I can’t help but let my eyes fall shut. 
“Is this okay?” Bellamy confirms. I can barely bring myself to answer. This might actually be bliss. I am definitely going to have to work on being less awkward if this is what Bellamy touching me feels like, and he’s only actually touching my head. 
“Mmhmm. I’m great.” I murmur. 
“Good.” He answers shortly, satisfaction and pride filling his tone. I let out a 
a groan of 
2/土 
95- Hair and hands 
contentment as he hits a spot that somehow makes the tension in my head begin to fade away. Bellamy’s hands freeze for a brief second at the sound, then he continues. Eventually he stops, rinses the shampoo out and runs some conditioner through the ends of my hair. Seriously, now I get why people like having their hair played with. It’s so relaxing. He rinses the conditioner and continues detangling my hair with his fingers until I let out another sound of contentment. Then all of a sudden he lets go and backs off. 
“I think I had best now. Before I get carried away.” I open my eyes and look up at him. 
stoo 
He’s actually blushing for once. It’s kind of adorable. I look away and since he’s standing, I find my eyes level with his hips. Now it’s my turn to blush. 
“Oh.” I have no idea what to say. Bellamy shrugs self depreciating. 
“Yes, oh. Don’t worry about it.” I find myself looking at the corner of the door, really at anything other than Bellamy. 
“I think I might be done with this bath.” I tell him, suddenly feeling very exposed again. 
“Are you sure? There’s no need to rush.” He assures me. I shrug. 
“It’s late. We both need sleep.” I respond awkwardly. He nods. 
“Alright, I’ll grab you a towel then.” He fetches the towel he got out earlier and stands by the tub, holding it open for me then closes his eyes tightly. I slowly stand up, being careful not to slip. I use his arm to stabilise myself as I climb out onto the wet tiles. I guess water ended up on the floor while Bellamy was washing my hair. I didn’t even notice. I step into the towel, pulling it around myself. Bellamy releases it and stands still, keeping his eyes shut. Once I’m properly covered I let him know so that he can open his eyes. 
“I didn’t bring a change of clothes in here.” He nods and gestures for me to head towards the door, he escorts me along with an arm by my back, not touching me, but close enough that if I stopped moving suddenly it probably would. 
###Chapter 96
96- Cosy and close 
Back in Bellamy’s room I keep my towel tight around my chest as I sort through my packed bag looking for the pyjamas I shoved in underneath all the other stuff. I find a pair of underwear easily enough. I drop the pyjama pants on the bed as I search for the top. Bellamy is looking at them with a funny look on his face. Somewhere between confusion and 
embarrassment. 
“What?” I ask, looking back between him and the pyjamas. I know they’re childish fuzzy flannel ones, but it’s not like the unicorn ones he’s seen me in before were particularly 
impressive. What’s so weird about these ones? 
“It’s nothing, just… I don’t know. You’re going to think I’m creepy if I ask…” He trails off. I tilt my head and raise an eyebrow. 
“Ask what?” I prompt. 
“Would you wear my t–shirt?” He blurts out. Okay, not what I was expecting. 
“Why?” I ask. 
“Well, you wore one the last time you slept here. It’s weird, but it made me feel… secure, having you all wrapped up in my scent. I could use that feeling right now.” He admits. 
“I can’t pretend I understand that. But I don’t particularly mind.” I tell him and drop the top. I had just found back into the bag. I loop my pyjama pants over one arm and grab my underwear then wait for Bellamy to dig around in his stuff and find me a top to wear. He drops a blue t–shirt over my arm and I step into his ensuite to get dressed. His top is so big on me it falls off my right shoulder leaving it uncovered. But it is comfortable. The moment I step out of the bathroom, Bellamy scoops me up in his arms, a little like his did earlier when he first found me hiding in my kitchen. He hugs me tight and buries his face against my shoulder, apparently unbothered by my wet hair which is currently dripping down my back. 
“Thankyou.” He murmurs against my shoulder. He eventually releases me and steps back to look at me, letting out a heavy sigh. 
1/4 
96- Cosy and close 
“What’s wrong?” I ask him 
“The fact that you’re asking me what’s wrong is what’s wrong. I’m feeling kind of like a jerk. You’ve had an awful traumatic night and somehow you’re still the one comforting me. It should be able to hold it together well enough to take care of you without pushing my issues onto you.” His tone is apologetic. 
“It’s okay. I’m really fine. A little stressed, but nothing really happened. Worrying about other people is always more scary than actually being at risk yourself. When Megan was about to marry Tristan I was waaay more upset than I am tonight. Besides, I’m just learning more about you. Also you 
HAVE been taking care of me You’ve been here, you let me have my first bubble bath in as long as I can remember and you’ve taken care of everything. Without you I would probably still be sitting behind the kitchen bench hoping whoever it was wouldn’t come back. Or maybe a police station being ignored while I complain about vandalism and property damage done by some unknown person. Instead, I’m here with you, I’m safe and I don’t have to worry about cleaning up glass and blocking up my window before I can sleep.” Bellam doesn’t seem convinced. 
“You’re still doing it. Trying to make me feel better. But I failed, you got hurt. I didn’t keep 
you safe.” He looks completely devastated and I have no idea how to help anymore. What time is it anyway? It feels late. Or early. I’m not sure. But I am starting to feel lethargic. I’m physically relaxed from my bath and Bellamy’s ministrations. I don’t know if my mind is going to be sleepy but it’s worth a try. 
“What time is it?” I look around for my phone and find it on the bed next to my bag. I try to check the time, but the screen stays dark. Shoot, it must be flat. I probably forgot to charge it in the evening before I went to bed. I’m not surprised, I didn’t even check my messages. I guess I won’t be catching up on the group chat tonight. I’ll have to wait to find out what Harry has done next in his attempts to rile (seduce?) the cute bartender. Bellamy glances at 
his own phone. 
“It’s around quarter past four in the morning.” He answers, then he takes my bag from the bed in front of me and moves it to the ground at the end of the bed. 
“Hop in, I’m just going to change into a dry shirt and I’ll join you.” He gestures down to the grey top he’s wearing. It has a large damp spot down his chest and stomach. Partially from washing my hair and apparently getting water everywhere, and partially because he hugged me and all my wet hair. I clumsily climb into the bed straight to the back corner closest to 
2/4 
96- Cosy and close 
the wall. Bellamy has done the same thing I have and keeps his bed pushed up against a wall. I guess people who normally sleep alone don’t have to worry about making sure the bed is accessible from multiple sides. There’s no one else to disturb. In his fresh clothes, Bellamy climbs into bed beside me and his brow furrows a little. 
“You’re so far away.” He complains. He then reaches out and drags me towards him until I am about as close to him as I can be without lying on top of him. He moves around until he can scoop me up and slide his arm under my neck and rolls me towards himself a little so now I really am lying half on top of him. He reaches out and turns off the lamp, stretching to reach without pushing me off. In the dark, he wraps his free arm around my waist tightly. Very tightly actually, it’s a little uncomfortable. 
“Bellamy… you’re holding on a little tight…” I whisper. His arm on my waist loosens a little. 
“I didn’t realise.” he sounds oddly anxious for a guy lying in bed with his (okay this feels weird but) girlfriend. With his grip on me loosened, I move around a bit to get more. comfortable. I face away from him because it feels weird to be basically breathing in his face, 
then scoot in close against him. I quickly use my arm that isn’t pinned below me to grab my long hair and pull it over my shoulder so that it isn’t sticking in his face. 
“Is this better?” I ask nervously. Usually he’s the one to grab onto me and pull me closer, or if it is me being clingy I’m asleep and don’t remember doing it. 
“Almost perfect.” He responds before draping his arm over my waist again. He snuggles into me. Finally we’re both comfortable except… I’m not sure exactly how… relaxed Bellamy is really feeling. He might be calmer now but his situation from the bathroom earlier does not seem to have settled. In this position I can feel him pressed up against me and I don’t quite know how I’m supposed to react. Since I’m not ready to do anything about it, do I just ignore his obvious arousal? What is the protocol here? Is there protocol for this? I’m pretty sure by the time most couples are living and sleeping together they’re usually also… sleeping together. Ugh I am so awkward. I can feel my heart rate increasing as I work myself up into a 
nervous wreck. 
###Chapter 97
Strings of Fate 
97- Purring and problem–solving 
My muscles have tensed up and what was a very comfortable position is now very not. This isn’t the first time we have slept in the same bed, it shouldn’t be so awkward. I suddenly realise that Bellamy’s breathing isn’t slow and deep like I would expect from someone who is asleep or nearly asleep. Also his arm on my waist is tense again. I’m about to ask what’s wrong, but Bellamy beats me to it. 
“Something is upsetting you.” He says, his tone is dark. I stammer out a response. 
“I just noticed that you’re… well. Maybe I should move away a little bit?” I suggest. Bellamy groans. 
“That’s why you’re anxious? I’m still on high alert, your discomfort makes me want to keep. you as close as possible, but it’s my proximity that’s the problem.” He sounds horrified.. I see his dilemma though. I’m anxious so he doesn’t want to let go, and his holding so tight is making me anxious. Although it’s not so much that he’s close as that he is clearly still aroused and I’m awkward. How is this so embarrassing? 
“I don’t know how I’m supposed to react.” I explain quietly, my voice barely more than a whisper. Bellamy is quiet for a minute, still holding me close. 
“You’ve never said anything any of the other times.” He comments. 
“O–other times?” I ask, confused and sort of horrified. Bellamy chuckles behind me. 
“Yes other times. Almost every time we’ve shared a bed if I’m completely honest. You never noticed?” He sounds amused. 
“No I didn’t! My voice is a high pitched squeak. 
“I can’t imagine how you haven’t realised until now… But either way it’s not your issue, it’s mine. We could lay some other way if it’s making you uncomfortable, you really can just ignore it though. Nothing has changed.” He assures me. I can’t help but let out an almost. sarcastic laugh. 
1/4 
97- Purring and problem–solving 
How is moving supposed to help? I still KNOW. Unless it will help your situation?” I suggest. Bellamy still sounds like he finds the whole situation hilarious. 
“I doubt it. But you need to sleep. Are you going to stress about this all night now?” He asks and I cringe a little. 
“Probably.” I admit. Bellamy lets out a deep breath. 
“Okay, well that’s not going to work. You’re exhausted and you need sleep. I have an idea…” he trails off. He suddenly releases me and climbs out of bed. I’m immediately a little cold as 
the air hits my back, he’s left the blanket off. 
“One second,” he adds. I can hear the soft rustle of his clothes. What is he doing?” A moment 
later I feel the bed dip beside me again and something soft brushes against me. 
“B–Bellamy?” I ask, confused. A warm and furry body lays down beside me. Oh. It suddenly 
clicks in my brain. He’s shifted. Well, I suppose that does fix the awkwardness a bit. I don’t 
know how I feel about this as a long term solution, but he’s right that I need sleep and that 
we can talk about it later when I’m less of a zombie. I curl up beside him and he almost wraps himself around me. I can feel his tail on my leg and the warm weight of one of his paws pushed up against my shoulder. I snuggle in closer and he… purrs? I can’t help but giggle a little and the tension in me drains away. I focus on the steady purring beside me and it doesn’t take long for my eyes to fall closed. 
I wake up in the morning groggy and weirdly sore? I suppose it makes a little sense. I was really tense and pumped up on adrenaline so my muscles probably got tight. I shudder to think how achey I would be without the hot bath. Bellamy is still wrapped around me in his black cat form. Now that I think back on it, I do feel like I was being a little dramatic last night. Then again, I don’t think either of us were our most calm and reasonable selves. In the daylight, it doesn’t seem real anymore. I can’t believe someone trashed my place and threw a rock through my window! I’m going to have to apologise to Maggie. I know she won’t actually be angry or anything, But I am definitely going to have to pay for that window, it wouldn’t be 
fair otherwise. I sit up, stretching and groaning. 
“Ugh, what time is it? I don’t feel like I slept that long.” I grumble. Bellamy gives what I can best interpret as a cat version of a shrug. He then hops down from the bed and stretches deeply, curving his back then leaning forward. It reminds me a little of some yoga poses I saw 
2/4 
97- Purring and problem–solving 
once. My back certainly doesn’t bend that way. It’s strange, in this form our red thread still exists obviously, but it sort of comes from underneath him, I suppose a cat’s chest faces the 
ground more. I’m so caught up watching Bellamy in his feline form that it doesn’t occur to me to look away when he suddenly changes back in a weird blur of twisting and magic. 
“Good morning.” He greets me. I yelp and cover my eyes. Bellamy laughs. 
“My bad. I thought you knew what I was doing and would look away. You did ask a question. How else was I going to answer you?” A tugging feeling around me tells me that Bellamy is grabbing a blanket off the bed. 
up, 
“It’s safe to look now.” He promises, a laugh in his tone. He’s wrapped the blanket around his waist and sits on the bed beside me. I have to work not to stare. My word is he is pretty. Seriously, why did I have to end up with a guy who is so much prettier than me? We just woke he has no right to look this good. After a minute I realise we are both just sitting on the bed staring at each other. I’m watching him and he’s watching me watching him. I blush pink and he leans in towards me. I think he’s about to kiss me but suddenly he leans back. His 
gaze darts to the messed up bed then back to me. Instead he reaches out and takes my hand. For a second I’m confused. Why did he stop? Then I remember how I reacted last time he tried to kiss me in bed and I freaked out. But this is different… sort of? I’m not lying on my back and not trying to start anything. Although he is naked…ish. I’m not sure a blanket really counts. Still, I appreciate the care he is taking to respect my boundaries. It helps me feel brave enough to push them a little bit. I lean in and kiss him. It’s barely more than a peck but Bellamy grins at me and uses his free hand to push a strand of my messy blue hair back behind my ear and out of my face. 
“How are you feeling this morning?” he asks gently. I sigh. 
###Chapter 98
98- Anxiety and anger 
“I’m not totally sure. Tired, frustrated, worried, sort of pissed off. I need to figure out my plans a little bit for the next few days, I suspect you probably have some opinions about that too but I’m going to ask you to wait until we at least hear back from Alex about what the guys learned in their investigation. I’m going to withhold all decision making until I have all the information I can possibly get.” I declare. Bellamy huffs out a breath then nods. 
“I guess I can hold my tongue for now.” He agrees and I reward him with a smile and a squeeze of his hand before releasing it and reaching for my phone. I turn it on and find several messages in my group chat and a few others. I check the other messages, not prepared to catch up on the vast quantity of messages In the group chat right now. 
Shaun- Hey, I don’t know when you’ll get this. But I just wanted to check in on you. I hope you’re doing okay. We will make plans with Alpha Kane to discuss everything later today. Let me know if you need anything! 
Darrien- Shaun woke me up and called me over to your place. What the hell? I hope you’re doing okay. You’re hopefully sleeping but check in when you can okay? Does Megan know yet? 
Aaron- Stay safe. 
Aaron’s short message causes me to giggle. He is the master of short sentences I swear. I check the time. It’s a little after ten. So we slept late, but not that late. 
“Ugh, I definitely didn’t sleep enough.” I grumble. 
“You could go back to bed. No one would blame you if you wanted to catch up on some sleep and take it easy today.” Bellamy suggests. I shake my head, my hair flying around me. 
“Nah, if I sleep again now I will sleep away half the day then have trouble sleeping at night which will cause the same problem tomorrow. It’s a vicious cycle.” I sigh and Bellamy shrugs. 
“If you insist. Did you want to shower?” He offers. I scrunch up my face. 
1/4 
98- Anxiety and anger 
“I think I’m alright. It’s been like, six hours since my bath. I don’t feel like having wet hair again already.” I explain. 
“Suit yourself. I should clean up though. Feel free to make yourself at home. I won’t be long.” He wanders into the ensuite, his blanket trailing behind him. I hear the water turn on and a moment later the door cracks open briefly. A scrunched up ball of blanket is thrown in the general direction of the bed and lands on the floor at the foot of it next to my bag of stuff. The door closes again. 
I am kneeling on the floor next to my bag, trying to pick out something to wear out of the random clothes I packed when a loud knocking on Bellamy’s bedroom door causes me to jump. The door swings open and Megan peers in. 
“Hey Bel, did you touch my stuff in the bathroom? Because stuff is not where I left it and-” 
stops when she notices me, kneeling on the floor. She tilts her head, clearly listening and realising that Bellamy is in the shower. She takes in my sleepy appearance. 
“Hey, I didn’t know you were sleeping over and, wait. What’s that bag? That’s too much for a sleepover unless. Oh wait! You’re moving in? That’s awesome! WE can hang out all the time and share clothes and all sorts of things. It will be so fun! When was this decided? Why didn’t you tell me? I could have helped you pack!” She rambles on so fast that I struggle to keep up 
with it all. 
“Woah, slow down a second. It’s not like that. I haven’t decided to move in, at least not 
permanently. I’m here because someone vandalised my house last night and threw a rock with a threatening message attached through my bedroom window. Bellamy brought me here to keep me safe.” I tell her. Megan’s eyes go wide and her smile drops. 
“Explain. What exactly happened?” She asks, her voice low and serious. I tell Megan everything that happened at my place the night before. Partway through my story, Bellamy steps out of the bathroom in a towel. When he sees his sister standing over me, hands on her hips, he quickly grabs clothes, heads back into the bathroom and emerges fully dressed a minute later, just as I finish explaining that I agreed to stay here for a little while. Megan has kept her face pretty calm throughout my story but her face slowly turned white, then a weird 
shade of red. 
“And… that’s it I guess. Now I’m here.” I finish. She takes a deep breath, closing her eyes for a 
2/4 
98- Anxiety and anger 
moment and when she opens them she absolutely EXPLODES. 
“WHAT THE HELL! WHY DIDN’T ANYONE WAKE ME? DID YOU THINK I WOULDN’T CARE? 
I COULD HAVE HELPED TAKE CARE OF YOU OR SOMETHING!!” She whints to face Belllumy 
“WHY DID YOU RUN OFF WITHOUT WAKING ME?” She demands.. He arrosess his arms over 
his chest defensively. 
“I was in a hurry, there was no time to stop and update you before I left. Afterwards I was… not in the mindset to think about anything other than keeping Ryann safe. Walling you up didn’t occur to me.” He admits. Megan huffs, dearly annoyed. I’m not sure she its content with his answer. While she yells at him I take the chance to move and sit on the bed rather than 
the floor. Megan tuns her attention back to me. Att leuen she isn’t yelling when she talks to me but her tone is still aggravated. 
“What about you? What excuse does my BEST FRIEND me for mat waiting me after something like that?” She asks. Ouch, now I feellltind off guity. 
“I was tired. I just wanted to have a bath and go to hell. Bellamy was looking after me and knew I could talk to you about it today I thought it would be heter to let you sleep. At least 
in 
ONE of us should get a full night’s sleep at least. I nanom. She doesn’t look particulmily impressed. 
“Ugh, you guys both suck. I can’t believe won were going through all that and I was just SLEEPING. That’s so not cool. I ben Damien word agree with me!” She whines. I drop my gaze quickly looking away that she notices my expression before I manage it. 
“He knows already doesn’t he? Of course he dies!! Great, I’m basically completely unnecessary! Fine. I get it.” site mum and stone towards the door. 
“Wait, where are you going? Im som! Il call after her. She pauses and locks over her shoulder, roiling her eyes at me, 
am going to muite you a mice thenitfam because you had a hard night and I’m a good, supportive friend. Come downstains when youre ready to talk.” She storms off slamming the door behind her. 
Anxiety and anger 
“I’m confused. Is she mad or not?” I ask. Bellamy shrugs. 
“She’s worried but it’s too late to really help. The extra energy from that is apparently coming anger. She will be fine.” He assures me, leaning in and kissing the top of my head as he walks past to grab his phone and drop it in his pocket. I hope he’s right. I don’t want Megan mad at me. I sigh and grab clothes from my bag and step into the ensuite to get dressed. 
###Chapter 99
99- Options and obliviousness 
I get ready as fast as possible and practically drag Bellamy downstairs to the kitchen. I want to make up with Megan as fast as I possibly can. I stop in the kitchen doorway, confused when I don’t immediately hear Megan. I can hear her but not see her. A moment later she pops up from the floor. She was apparently kneeling and the bench blocked my view. 
“Hey! I was just watching the breakfast muffins in the oven. I always overcook them a little so I wanted to keep an eye on them so they would be perfect for you.” Megan smiles at me in an excessively cheerful manner. Okay, that has got to be fake. 
“Why are you acting happy? You were upset a minute ago.” I ask warily. This level of 
cheerfulness is almost creepy. Just because I had a single bad night, it doesn’t magically make her hard times go away. 
“You’re right. I was upset, but then I thought about it while making the mix for these muffins and I’ve decided to forget about being annoyed and look at the bright side. So I am going to move straight on to being excited. Having you here all the time is going to be fun, plus I’m fairly sure it’s going to do wonders for Bellamy’s mood too which is a bonus for me.” She answers, satisfaction and teasing in her tone. I glare at her and move to my usual seat by the bench. Bellamy sits beside me. I look to him to say something to Megan but he just–shrugs. I guess a little as he watches 
he doesn’t exactly disagree. His smile falls 
my face. 
“We do still need to figure out the arrangements. Do you need your own room?” He asks. He keeps his expression fairly blank but I can hear the anxiety creeping into his tone. Before I can decide on an answer, Megan chimes in. 
“Why would she need her own room? Won’t she be staying with you anyway?” She turns to 
me. 
“Won’t you?” She demands. I stare at her at a loss for words, not exactly sure how to explain without completely embarrassing myself. Bellamy intervenes. 
“I offered her one because she should have a choice. She hasn’t moved in because she was ready to move in, she’s here because someone threatened her, vandalised her home and caused her to get injured. If she decides to stay with me it will be because she wants to be there, not because she’s scared to stay at home and doesn’t have a better option.” He tells 
1/4 
99- Options and obliviousness 
her, his voice dead serious. Megan looks slightly horrified. 
“I’m sorry Ry, I didn’t think about it like that. I was just excited to have you here.” She looks like Logan on the rare occasions he gets in trouble. Like a kicked puppy, all big eyes and sad face. 
“It’s okay Megs, really.” I turn to Bellamy. 
“Can I think about it? I’ll let you know by the end of the day, I just want to be sure of answer.” I tell him. I want time to think but I can’t imagine moving to a different room. It’s awkward, but I think sleeping somewhere else wouldn’t fix the problem. It might just make it worse. Imagining having to actively make the decision to go to his room or invite him to mine if I want to spend time with him sounds awful Up until now, we’re mostly stayed night because we happened to be in the same place and it was easier, or by accident. I know to an extent that’s not true. I could have said no on the times Bellamy hat 2sed to stay over But I didn’t, so that probably means I do want to stay with him, right? I want to south through my thoughts, but I think mostly I just need to take the time to work up the courage to admit I want to stay with him. It’s sooner than I anticipated, but Megan is right that it was bound. to happen eventually. 
“Of course you can. Just let me know when you’re ready. And you can always change yo mind later.” He assures me. I smile at him. Megan sighs dramatically. She is leaming on the bench, her head on her hands watching us with a dreamy expression. 
“You guys are so cute. I’m kind of jealous.” She sighs again. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Tealous of us?” I ask doubtfully. She shrugs. 
“Sure, awkward banter and flirting. It’s adorable. I roll my ever 
“You’re delusional.” I tell her. Then I smirk. 
“Besides, if you’re in need of some awkward flirting I could always just call Damien over.” I 
tease. She freezes and turns red. 
“Oh, the muffins!” She suddenly declares, turning away. She grabs a towel and pulls a tray of muffins out of the oven. They smell good, although they look a little past golden browEL. 
99- Options and obliviousness 
“Shit.” She grumbles. 
“I did it again. I always get distracted.” I watch as she burns her fingers pulling them out of the tray, dropping one on the bench before flicking it back up onto a plate. Eventually she pushes two plates in front of Bellamy and I and a third for herself. 
“Eat up, they should still be okay, I caught them in time.” The muffins she has made are some combination of eggs, bacon and cheese. There are some spices and things but I have no idea what else. Either way, they taste good enough that I go ahead and burn my tongue eating them too fast. Once he finishes, Bellamy kisses me on the cheek and excuses himself to his office to make some calls. He is probably going to talk to Alex and the rest of the team at some point too. Actually, now that I’m thinking about it, I should message Shaun back. He did ask if I could check in when I was ready. I grab my phone and send off a few quick messages replying to Aaron, Shaun and Darrien. 
“So, I missed messages in the group chat yesterday. Anything interesting?” I ask. Megan 
shrugs. 
“More of the same. Apparently the cute bartender is totally spelling people’s drinks though. It’s legal but only technically. Harry says that she only does it in a helpful way though so it’s probably okay.” She shrugs and I frown. 
“Spelling people is okay? What kinds of spells?” I ask. 
“Not sure… He mentioned that she mostly gives out nice spells to cheer people up and stuff.” 
“Mostly?” I comment. She shrugs again. 
“Right… and what about Darrien? Have you spoken to him since lunch yesterday?” I ask. Megan seems to shrink back a little. 
“No.” She admits in a quiet voice. 
“Why not? I thought you were okay with him courting you? You let him pay for stuff, that’s 
meant to mean you’re okay with it, right?” I question. Megan bites her lip and takes another 
bite of food before answering. 
3/4 
Emergency calls only MOOV 
99- Options and obliviousness 
075% 11:52 
“I’m just scared, I don’t want to get hurt again. I didn’t even know he was interested.” She 
says. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Are you sure? Because I noticed his interest, and you are far more socially competent than I 
am.” I point out. 
“I thought maybe, after my wedding when he was looking after me… but then he never said anything. Then again, I wouldn’t have wanted to hear it.” she muses and I nod my agreement. 
“Well yeah. That’s why he waited.” I agree. Megan turns to me suspiciously. 
“How long have you known?” she demands. I shrug. 
“Oh, I don’t know. Probably since the first time we went dress shopping?” I answer. Megan 
groans. 
“That’s embarrassing.” She turns contemplative. 
“If I asked you about my strings, would you tell me?” She asks, curiously. 
###Chapter 100
100- Interrogate and investigate 
1 stare down at my last bit of muffin. 
“I wouldn’t lie. But it’s probably best if you don’t ask until you’ve already made up your mind. Knowing the answer doesn’t really make anything easier anyway.” I tell her. She considers me 
for a moment then nods. 
“I guess so. But you would warn me if I was making a really bad choice again right? Like last time?” She sounds very young and scared. 
“Of course.” I assure her. 
“Thanks.” 
“So does that mean you’re going to text Darrien?” I ask. Megan blushes and eventually nods. She pulls her phone out of the pocket of her jeans and types out a quick message, I have no idea what she writes but she hits send then drops her phone and quickly downs the rest of her food. Only seconds later she gets a message back. She reads it with a small smile and I decide not to push her about it any further today. I’m burning with curiosity about how their 
relationship unfolds from here, but I’ve learned my lesson about interfering in the past. I might be able to see fate but that doesn’t mean I should meddle with it. 
Megan and I spend what’s left of the morning vegging out in her room, watching TV while she occasionally points out the potential benefits of me staying permanently. More time together, sharing clothes, not needing guards just to meet up to hang out at home. She is just 
pointing out that we can get midnight snacks together when Bellamy knocks on her bedroom 
door. 
“COME IN!” Megan calls out without getting up. She’s in the middle of painting her toenails a bright pink colour. Personally I find the colour a little obnoxious, but I do tend to dress a little more conservatively than her. Bellamy steps in. I immediately get up and greet him. He looks grumpy again. 
“All the guys are here to discuss what they found at your place. Come downstairs for the meeting.” He says. His tone is demanding and he seems like he’s in a rush. I think he’s gotten 
1/4 
100- Interrogate and investigate 
himself worked up and agitated again. Hmph. I’m not sure about him ordering me around, but I’ll allow it this once. He had better not keep it up though. He is very bossy when he’s stressed. I follow him downstairs. Megan waves us off saying she will catch up later but doesn’t want to mess up her nails. She does throw out another comment about how she wasn’t included last night so there’s no need for her to be involved now, but her tone is joking. Still, it’s enough to make me tense up. In the office, Darrien, Aaron, Shaun and Alex are waiting for us. 
“Hope you don’t mind, I volunteered to help. When I’m not needed by Megan of course.” 
Darrien comments. 
“Of course I don’t mind. Thankyou.” I smile at him. Alex is sitting in my usual recliner and Bellamy is… glaring at him. He looks like he is about half a second from tearing Alex from the seat. I clear my throat and perch myself on the edge of Bellamy’s desk. Maybe we should start having meetings in the living room where there are more seats. Aaron leans against the wall in a corner. Darrien is hovering near the doorway, probably hoping Megan will turn up. Shaun decides to drop down and sit on the grey carpet with his legs crossed like a kid in school. Bellamy paces the room before stopping next to me. He stands facing the room with his arms. crossed. 
“Well?” He demands. He makes eye contact with each of the men individually until they are all forced to look away. Alex looks away the fastest and he looks the most uncomfortable. Shaun shifts a little closer to where Alex is sitting, almost defensively. The blue thread floating between them. I was definitely right about them already being good friends. Alex is clearly nervous with how Bellamy is acting and his friend is trying to reassure him. I don’t blame them, Bellamy is clearly cranky. 
“We didn’t find much.” Alex admits. 
“The videos show two figures, both wearing black hoodies and dark glasses so we don’t catch 
their faces. They approached on foot so no car either. We checked the note for prints or other evidence but there was nothing we could use. He seems to be nervous to give bad news. 
Shaun takes over the briefing. 
“Aaron, Darrien and I checked the paint used and searched the surrounding area. It appears that they took the paint‘ cans with them and despite our best attempts we couldn’t find a hint of any kind of scent to track.” he grumbles with frustration. Bellamy looks about ready to 
explode. 
2/4 
useful and I sigh. 
“We found traces and scents of magic all over, probably something to hide the perpetrators actual scents.” Darrien confirms. I sneak a peek sideways at Bellamy. His expression is dark. 
“So you’re telling me that between the four of you, all you managed to figure out is that there were two people there last night. He sums up. He sounds majorly pissed off. I place a hand on his arm in an attempt to calm him. 
‘Bellamy, it’s okay. They can’t make evidence appear out of nowhere.” I give a small smile to all the guys. Shaun beams at me, Darrien winks. Alex gives a shy smile, his gaze darting to Bellamy then back to me. Aaron, as usual, gives no real reaction other than a slight dip of his head in acknowledgement. Bellamy pulls his arm away from me and lets out what I can only describe as a snort. I work to redirect the conversation. 
“So what do we do now?” I ask the question of the room. Alex is the one who answers. 
“We work out why someone would be after you. Do you have any enemies?” He asks. I shrug. 
“Not that I know of. I mostly keep to myself.” I explain. Bellamy snorts again.. 
Isn’t it obvious? Whoever is doing this is doing it because of her relationship with me.” He insists. I stare at him, a little surprised. I know we aren’t exactly hiding our relationship from these guys, it would be too hard with how they are around all the time. But we haven’t exactly told Shaun and Alex that we’re together either. For him to just declare it like that… It was unexpected. I guess fair though? They need all the information to be able to investigate properly. Bellamy seems to be moving past anger and onto depression now. It reminds me of how he was when the Vampire representative asked him to drop his hunt and he felt like it. was somehow letting me down. I suspect he’s blaming himself for this. 
“It could be something else. It’s not like a lot of people know… about us. The message was specifically directed at me and it said that I will pay. That implies I personally did something to the person.” I try and suggest. Bellamy is shaking his head before I even finish. 
“No, it will definitely be because of me either way. How often were you threatened before meeting me? Never right? And now?” I stay silent. We all know the answer already. 
3/4 
100- Interrogate and investigate 
“Exactly.” Bellamy turns back to Alex. Despite being the quietest, he seems to be the one that Bellamy has designated as ‘in charge of the investigation. I guess due to his I.T. skills? 
“What is our next step then?” He demands. 
###Chapter 101
101- Doctor and distributor 
“Well, if you Miss Gale can write out a list of anyone you think could have something against you or might dislike you I can look into it further. Alpha Kane I already have your watch list but if you have any further names to add I can look into them as well. I will also arrange to interview Miss Gale’s neighbours in case anyone has seen anyone suspicious loitering around. We will talk to your coworkers too, just in case. Although Aaron hasn’t noticed anyone unusual at your workplace, it is hard to be sure since it is a public place and the type of place to have regular customers. It wouldn’t be hard for someone to be there regularly without standing out as unusual.” He explains. Bellamy frowns. 
“You need to stop going to work.” He comments and my eyebrows fly up to my hairline. 
“Excuse me?” I demand. He looks at me like I’m missing something obvious. 
“We can discuss it later.” He adds, glancing at the other people present. I nod slowly, crossing my arms across my chest. He’s getting bossy and demanding again. I make eye contact with Aaron who tilts his head and shoulder in a half shrug. We spend the next hour making a list of anyone I could have ever offended. People who I said a little too much about their fates, coworkers and old bosses that disliked me.. 
“Your lack of dating history makes this a pretty short list.” Shaun comments. 
“Huh?” I ask, eloquently. 
“Most of the time these lists are full of people’s exes or people they’ve had big falling outs with. Yours is mostly acquaintances. We can look into them but it’s not likely any of these people know you well enough to really hate you. Alpha Kane is right that the people on his list are far more likely to do something this extreme.” he admits. 
“Could it be something to do with your magic?” Darrien asks. I shrug. 
“I mean it’s possible. But aside from what I naturally pick up and know, I don’t really actively do much with my magic. So it’s not likely.” I confess. 
“What can you do with your magic? Other than learning about people’s fates, that is…. 
can 
1/4 
101- Doctor and distributor 
you manipulate them or change them in some way?” Alex asks. 
“Uh… I don’t think I can? I mean I haven’t really tried. But I’m fairly sure fate is set. Besides, 
why would I want to change it?” I point out. Alex shrugs. 
“I don’t know. If you knew someone was fated to be with someone terrible, or to become enemies with someone and you thought you could stop it.” He suggests. I shake my head. 
“No, because maybe their relationship is what that terrible person needs to become a better person and step up. Or maybe becoming enemies with someone causes them to become competitive and work harder or invent something new. I don’t want to screw things up. So I leave it alone. I don’t even know if I CAN do anything with the strings. I’ve always been too scared to try. It’s too risky, particularly since I don’t even know what my magic really is or what it’s meant to be for.” I sigh sadly. It’s frustrating. Sure, lots of people have magic, but usually it has a pretty clear use or purpose. What’s the point in knowing about people’s fated friends and partners? It doesn’t change anything, it might help me prepare a little but even 
then, if things are fated to happen either way then what does it matter? 
“We should still investigate your magic further, maybe we can figure out what you are.” Bellamy suggests. I find I’m excited by the idea. 
“The investigation into the threats takes priority, but look into Ryann’s magic further too.” he instructs the guys. They all give confirmation and Alex uses his phone to take pictures of the mark on my arm so that they have something to work with. 
With nothing further to discuss, the guys all head out to get to work. Darrien lingers a little, stopping for a drink in the kitchen and his procrastination is rewarded by Megan coming downstairs, still barefoot and walking oddly trying to keep her toes away from the floor. Hel greets her and they fall into a conversation as Darrien updates Megan on the investigation. I’m a little shocked when there’s a knock at the door. Who else are we expecting? Bellamy darts to the door and answers it himself. It’s an older woman. She has dark hair with just a little bit of grey in it. She’s average height and maybe a little round. The mark on her arm as well as the way she greets Bellamy indicates that she is a Shifter, although she looks far less. athletic than most of the Shifters I’ve met. Bellamy hurries me back into the office with the woman following behind. 
“Ryann, this is Doctor Dac. She is here to check your arm.” He gestures for me to sit and 
2/4 
101- Doctor and distributor 
allow the doctor to examine me. She is carrying a large black bag that I assume is full of her medical supplies and stuff. The woman is gruff but seems kind when I greet her. She gives the smallest acknowledgement of my greeting and instead demands to see my injury. 
“Well, let’s see it then.” Her tone is harsh but her hands are gentle as she unwinds my bandage and she doesn’t even hesitate when I flinch in pain as the bandage comes away and Bellamy growls at her. I get the feeling that there isn’t much that will phase this woman. 
“Hmph.” Is all she says when she looks at it. She is pointedly ignoring Bellamy who is hovering over us. She pulls open her bag and I look inside curiously. It has all the typical first aid supplies that you would expect but also a collection of little potion vials. 
“You use potions?” I ask. It’s a surprise, most Witches don’t like to sell their potions, they prefer to administer them themselves. I had to jump through hoops to get the dreamless sleep potion for Megan. Carrying around this many vials… Doctor Dae must be very well trusted by a Witch somewhere. 
“Yes.” Is all she answers. I try to converse again. 
a 
“You carry a lot of them. You must have a very good supplier.” She meets my eyes for a second then drops them before it becomes a contest. 
“I’m not ratting out my supplier. So don’t ask.” she says bluntly and pull away a little in shock. I suppose her supplier probably isn’t licensed. It would be hard to get a licence to sell that many potions to someone else since you remain responsible for any potions you create, no matter who uses them. Does she think I’m trying to get her in trouble? I notice her glancing at Bellamy suspiciously. 
“I… I didn’t mean anything by it. I was just thinking how nice it is that someone trusts you enough to give you all those potions. You must be a good doctor, and a trustworthy person.” I explain. Doctor Dae just shrugs but I notice a slight flush on her cheeks. 
“If you are worried about getting someone in trouble you might want to keep your potions in a zipped up pocket of the bag or something. Somewhere they won’t be immediately visible to everyone.” I suggest. The doctor sits back and for the first time I feel like she’s actively looking at ME, not just my injury. She gives a satisfied nod then returns to my arm. She cleans it and puts a white cream, some kind of antibiotic, on the injury. She then re–bandages. 
3/4 
101- Doctor and distributor 
it. She hands me the tube and tells me to apply it once a day and rebandage afterwards. 
“I will return in a week to check it.” She then holds out her hand. 
“Give me your phone.” Without hesitation, I hand it over. She types something in it before. handing it back. She has added her phone number under the name ‘Doctor.” 
“You may call me. Only for emergencies mind you, I’m busy enough as it is. Text if it’s not urgent and I will consider answering when I’m available.” Bellamy clears his throat from beside me. 
“Ryann can call whenever she needs to.” He says pointedly and I roll my eyes. 
“Thankyou Doctor Dae. I won’t abuse your number or take up more of your time than is necessary. Please let me know if there is anything I can do for you.” I say politely. She pats me on the cheek in an affectionate way then heads off. 
“Alpha Kane.” She says with a wave over her shoulder, not even looking back at him. 
###Chapter 102
102- Roles and regulation 
Bellamy growls and I turn to him with eyebrows raised. 
“She’s disrespectful.” He grumbles. I shrug. 
“She’s busy. She has a hard job and doesn’t waste time on niceties. I like her.” I conclude. He tilts his head. 
“I believe she likes you too actually. She doesn’t usually give out her number. People have to book her through her assistant who generally chases off the time wasters.” 
“Ah that makes sense. I’m kind of flattered that she approved of me.” I smile. 
“I still don’t like her attitude though. If she were anyone else… or less skilled…” He trails off. 
I cross my arms over my chest. 
“Speaking of attitudes. You’ve been irritable since you came upstairs to get me. Bossy too. I am not loving it. Is something wrong?” Bellamy sits on the edge of the desk and leans his hands on his knees, sighing. 
“You’re right. I’m just frustrated. I want to DO something to fix this and I find I’m just sitting around uselessly. I can’t even comfort you properly because I’m too busy getting worked up. It’s just not something I’m good at.” He sits quietly, looking a little defeated. I consider what Megan has told me about male and female Shifters and the differences in their roles. He wants to actively fix things and protect me. He wants to provide for me physically and he’s good at it. From what Megan has said it’s usually the instinct of the female Shifters to take care of issues that require patience, caring and considering feelings. The two are meant to balance eachother out. I don’t know how well I can do any of those things, but it does help me understand Bellamy’s frustration right now. He wants to take care of everything immediately and he’s being forced to wait. 
“I do understand why you’re frustrated, really I do. I’m frustrated too. But that doesn’t make it okay for you to snap and glare at people. Try to be aware of that.” I keep my tone friendly, but firm. As the Alpha it is far too easy for him to take his bad mood out on other people who 
102- Roles and regulation 
don’t really have much of a chance to push back. Bellamy’s expression stays frustrated for a few moments then suddenly brightens. He gives me a satisfied smile. 
“You’re proving again that you are so good at being the Alpha female. Worrying and taking care of people’s feelings, even if that means telling me to back off is part of the job.” he says proudly. I scrunch up my face. 
“Really? That’s kind of weird.” I comment. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Someone has to stop me from being too much of a tyrant and I’m afraid that job falls to you. sweetheart. I’m sure you’ll do great.” He assures me. I roll my eyes. 
“While we’re on the topic. Other than preventing you from becoming a complete dictator, what exactly is the role you’re hoping I’ll eventually take on? I’m hoping the entire thing might seem less intimidating if I actually know what’s involved.” I admit. I’m nervous but I do 
my best to force some optimism and cheer into my voice. I’m pretty sure Bellamy sees right through it though because he begins running a hand from my shoulder, down my arm and back up again in a not–so–subtle attempt to help me relax. 
“It’s a little hard to explain as a specific list of duties. But basically the Shifters come to the female Alpha with the kinds of problems they wouldn’t bring to me. Petty arguments, concerns or fears they have as well as with the relationship problems they have with each. other and with non–Shifters. The Alpha female is also who they would see if they ed to a ruling that I have made on something and want to have it appealed. Obviously you could refuse, but basically if they have a problem with something I do then it would be up to you to talk to me about it and either change my mind or explain to them why the decision should be enforced. Additionally, if a Shifter should do something wrong it would be up to both of us to decide on the consequences, although in minor disagreements and relationship issues your would be able to manage those yourself. Enforcing those decisions becomes my job.” Bellamy pauses to take a breath and examine my face to see how I’m taking things before he continues. 
“Basically, my job is to keep everyone safe, provided for and in line. Your job would be to make sure everyone is content, secure and getting along.” He sums up. It doesn’t escape my notice that halfway through his explanation he swapped from talking about the ‘Alpha female’s‘ role and began talking about my future role. Still, most of what he said doesn’t sound too awful. Although he still hasn’t really explained it in terms of specific tasks. Just a general description of the responsibilities. 
102- Roles and regulation 
“Okay, but how does it work? For example, the solving people’s arguments thing. How would I even know about them?” I try to clarify. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Every Alpha female does things differently. Some held official sessions where people would come and bring their issues to be resolved. Others maintain close relationships with everyone and stay available so that people will bring their issues to them in a less formal manner. Some hire counsellors and make sure they are available to the Shifters, some investigate rumours. It doesn’t really matter, you just find a way that works and manage it how you feel comfortable. You won’t have to do it all alone.” He says quietly. My expression must show how freaked out I am because he falls silent. I sigh. 
“It sounds like a lot of work.” I state dully. Bellamy nods. 
“It is. There’s a reason it’s considered a full time job. It’s also the reason why the other Alphas are displeased that I haven’t named the Alpha female yet. The job isn’t being done the way it should. I do what I can and Megan helps me out a bit. But even though she’s my twin sister, she’s not the Alpha female so she doesn’t have the authority to manage everything, particularly complaints about me. Not to mention she isn’t actually interested in the role. She has her own stuff, I don’t want to give her too many duties and limit her freedom to make her own future.” Bellamy confesses. That actually makes me feel simultaneously better and worse. Worse because I’m thinking about the Alphas again and how Bellamy needs his mate. But better because Bellamy is clearly caring about his sister and doing his best at a role that does not come naturally to him and the place isn’t falling apart. So with their help I would probably be able to manage it. Eventually that is. 
“You’ve gone quiet.” Bellamy remarks. I give him a weak smile. 
“Just thinking. Thankyou for explaining a bit.” I’m going to have to think about how I would want to do things if I ever actually do take over the role properly. I’m not sure about the super formal sessions but I wouldn’t want people coming and harassing me at all hours for help either. It’s something I might have to consider further before I’m ready to make any decisions. In the meantime, I guess I’ll work on learning what kinds of help and support people actually want. 
###Chapter 103
Strings of Fate 
103- Move and miss 
I glance around Bellamy’s office. 
“Do you have more work to do today or are you free now?” I ask. Bellamy grimaces, pulling at hand through his hair. 
like.” He 
“I have a bit more to do. I definitely haven’t been as focussed today as I would like.” 
admits. 
“Eh, that’s fair. Why don’t you try and finish up and then we can make something easy for 
dinner?” I suggest. 
“Will you stay while I work?” Bellamy asks hopefully and I agree. 
“Sure, why not?” I plop myself down in my recliner and lay it back as far as it goes. I then 
start watching random videos on my phone. After a minute or so though I find myself in the notes app writing down ideas, pros and cons about the Alpha female role. I might not be 
ready yet, but I can work on getting ready. 
Bellamy finishes his work pretty fast and then we make cold meat sandwiches for dinner, neither of us feeling up to doing anything complicated. Megan eats out. I didn’t even realise she was going out but she must have left at the same time Darrien did earlier. Here’s hoping they’re getting dinner together. I mean obviously they’re out together, he’s her guard so he’s definitely there. But there’s a difference between him being there and them actually having dinner together. I decide to sus it out in the group chat rather than messaging her directly. Sort of an attempt to find out what she’s doing without bluntly asking her. 
COCK TALES 
Ryann- Hey guys. Anything interesting to report this evening? 
Harry- I’ve discovered that there are some pretty gross cocktails out there, particularly when the bartender is trying to make a drink that will convince me not to come back. Jokes on her. I have an iron stomach and annoying her is far too much fun. 
103- Move and miss 
Ryann- HAH that poor woman. I hope you tip well! 
Megan- Seconded. Nothing too interesting to report on my end. Just having dinner with a friend. What about you Ry? 
Harry- A friend? Who is this friend? Obviously not either of us so they can’t be that great. 
Unless… is it a date? 
Ryann- Just watching Bellamy work and having an easy dinner here. Although Harry I owe you an update. I have temporarily moved in with Bellamy and Megan. 
Megan- With Darrien. Not a date though. At least I don’t think it is… 
Megan- And don’t think I don’t know what you just did Ryann. You might not have asked. yourself but you definitely prompted the interrogation. You’re not that sneaky. 
Harry- You did WHAT?! How did that happen all of a sudden? Does this mean I can’t come over and build a fort with you again? 
Megan- Nah, it means that we have a bigger space and more soldiers to man the fort ;) that is assuming I’m invited too… 
Ryann- Of course you’re invited Megan. 
I then type out a summary of the events that transpired last night for Harry. He is appropriately sympathetic but still takes the chance to tease me about moving in with my boyfriend. Eventually I stop answering just to make the teasing stop. 
“Megan is out on a non–date with Darrien.” I report to Bellamy in my best tattle tale voice. He laughs. 
“A non date huh. We’ve been on a few of those I think. What exactly is the difference between a date and a non–date anyway? I’m a little unclear on that one.” I think for a moment before answering. 
“Denial?” Bellamy smirks. 
103- Move and miss 
“Yeah that checks out.” He lets out a huge yawn which triggers one for me too. 
“We definitely didn’t get enough sleep last night.” I manage to get out before yawning a second time. Now that I’ve started I can’t seem to stop. Bellamy nods tiredly. Without discussion we both make our way upstairs. Bellamy stops in the hallway right in front of his 
door and turns to face me. 
“You never said what you decided. Do you want to sleep somewhere else?” He offers, although the offer seems reluctant. I shake my head in response. 
“I’ll stay with you.” I answer quietly, if he wasn’t holding his breath waiting for my response he might not have heard me. I’m so quiet. Staying with him might be awkward for a while, but it’s going to happen eventually anyway. I might as well get the awkwardness over with now. Besides, I’m comfortable with him. Most of the time at least. Bellamy breathes out a sigh of relief. 
“Oh thank goodness. I really wasn’t looking forward to having to try and sleep without you. You really have spoiled me.” He smiles happily and takes my hand, leading me into his room. 
Tomorrow we should arrange a proper spot for your things. And you still haven’t told me if there’s anything you want me to get for you to make things more comfortable.” Bellamy rambles on about toiletries and rearranging his closet but I’m barely listening. We both take turns in the ensuite brushing our teeth and changing into pyjamas. Once again I end up in pyjama pants and one of Bellamy’s shirts. He didn’t ask me this time, but when I got my clothes out I found the top mysteriously returned to my bag and replaced with one of his. He got a raised eyebrow at that and he just gave a cheeky grin in response. Still, I wear it anyway. I don’t have the energy to even be concerned by the sleeping situation tonight. I’m exhausted. Even though I still got some sleep, last night was stressful and wore me out, and the meeting today was somehow tiring too. If Bellamy’s drooping eyes are anything to go by, he’s in the same boat. He climbs into bed and opens his arms to me. Without hesitation, I climb into his bed, crawl over to him and collapse into his arms. We lay still for a second then he groans. 
“We didn’t get the light.” He sighs. He’s right. The lamp is on and neither of us can reach it without moving. Also I think the ensuite light is on too. Someone is going to have to stand up. I let out an identical groan. 
103- Move and miss 
“I’ll do it. If you move I’ll have to move anyway since I’m half on top of you.” With the kind of reluctance I imagine most people save for pulling out their own teeth, I stumble out of the bed and drag my feet across the floor to way back 
turn off the ensuite light. I then make my to the bed, sit down and flick off the lamp before crawling back towards Bellamy, sliding my hands in front of me trying to work out where he is because I am completely blind in this darkness. Maybe I should have let him get the light afterall. He can see. My fingers brush against his hip. Somehow I’ve gotten a little turned around. I turn back towards where his head and arms should be and lay down. I sort of miss and end up on his chest more than in his arms. Bellamy chuckles and rolls me back into a more comfortable position. 
“Thanks for getting that.” He mumbles out before burying his face in my hair. After that it takes about point oh one of a second for my eyes to fall closed. 
###Chapter 104
104- Leave and little girls 
I jolt awake. I sit up, confused and disoriented. I’m sweating with my heart racing. Why do I feel like I just ran a marathon? I look around for Bellamy but the bed is empty. I probably slept late again. I was pretty tired. Actually, I still feel tired. I close my eyes and take a few deep breaths to steady my heart rate a little. As I do this, I remember flickers of a dream. A nightmare? I don’t know what it was about, but when I try to remember I think of a little girl. She looks really small, probably younger than Logan. He’s eleven so maybe eight or nine? The dream girl had shoulder length, white–blonde hair and pale eyes, maybe even as light as mine. But what really sticks out is that she was crying. I don’t know why, I can’t remember anything else. I don’t usually have nightmares like this. It’s strange, a girl crying is sad, but somehow it’s hitting me really hard, it was terrifying, or maybe she was terrified? What a strange dream. Ugh, where is Bellamy? I kind of don’t want to be alone right now. Maybe some company will help me shake this off. A slip of white note paper on the bedside table next to my phone grabs my attention and I can’t help but smile. Bellamy and his notes. I think I’m starting to find them comforting somehow. Like when I wake up and he isn’t here I know he was at least thinking about what I would find when I wake up. 
“Good morning sweetheart, 
I woke up early but I thought I should let you sleep. I’ve gone for a run and I’ll be downstairs getting some work done. Come down when you’re up and we can decide where you want to put your stuff and whatever else needs figuring. No need to rush, we have all day. 
-Bellamy* 
Well, I guess he didn’t notice me tossing and turning or anything, so maybe the nightmare was quick. Or I just stayed quiet during it. Either way I should get dressed and head down. I have work this afternoon and a glance at my phone tells me it’s already ten thirty. Good thing I have the evening shift or I would already be late! I take a quick shower and pull on my work clothes, leaving my hair down to dry. Bellamy must be really stressed because he’s always made a point of memorising my work schedule. Although he does still actively call my workplace and get his hands on it rather than asking me for it. It’s possible that at this point. my supervisors send it to him automatically. I can’t bring myself to be bothered by it anymore though. It’s convenient and for the sake of figuring out Aaron’s hours I guess it makes sense for him to have access to that information. Once I’m dressed I head downstairs, still barefoot though because I don’t feel like wearing shoes yet and I have plenty of time. 
1/4 
104- Leave and little girls 
The only reason I put on my work clothes is because I don’t want to bother changing again later. I only have a few changes of clothes with me, no point dirtying them for no reason. I follow the sound of tapping on a keyboard and the occasional mouse click to Bellamy’s office. He is completely focussed on the screen and doesn’t even look up as I enter. 
“Morning Ry. I’m just looking at the security footage from your place. I had Alex send it over this morning so I could watch it myself. I know it’s not likely that the entire security team. missed something but…” he trails off. 
“But you had to be sure, I understand. Since you still look frustrated, I’m assuming you haven’t found anything?” I confirm. Bellamy nods. I step up behind him and place a hand on his shoulder reassuringly. 
“It’s fine, we’ll figure it out.” I watch a few seconds of the footage and I can’t see anything more than what the guys reported yesterday. Although I am kind of amazed at the video Although I am kind of amazed at the video quality. How high res were the cameras they set up anyway? It was the middle of the night and I swear that I can see every little detail right down to the fact that one of the perpetrators had a shoelace untied. Bellamy sighs and drops his head to his hands. 
“Come take a break. I should eat something and we can figure out what to do with my stuff.” I suggest. Bellamy perks up and for the first time, his gaze breaks away from the screen and slides to me. I’m a little shocked when, instead of his usual smile, he frowns disapprovingly. 
“What are you wearing?” He demands. 
“Uh, my work uniform?” I answer, confused. He’s seen my work clothes plenty of times. He rolls his eyes and it immediately raises my hackles. 
“I know what it is, why are you wearing it?” he clarifies, 
“I have a shift this evening, remember?” Bellamy is shaking his head before I can even finish 
my sentence. 
“No. We talked about this yesterday during the meeting. You can’t go to work right now. It’s not safe.” He insists, I can’t decide if he sounds annoyed or anxious. 
“No, you TOLD me I couldn’t go to work, then when I questioned it you said we would discuss. 
2/4 
104- Leave and little girls 
it later. We haven’t discussed it, but I need to go to work. I have bills to pay!” I point out. Bellamy waves a hand dismissively. 
“I can take care of the bills, and it won’t cost you anything to live here. You can take some time off work, it’ll be fine. It’s more important that you stay safe.” 
“You can’t just pay my bills! I will be totally fine at work. Aaron will be with me the whole time, just like usual. It’s a crowded restaurant. Nothing will happen there. Too many witnesses.” I point out, frustrated that he doesn’t seem to want to even consider me going to 
work. 
“Not good enough, now that we know someone is after you we need to take extra care. You 
can’t be running out and about.” He s. I raise an eyebrow. 
“I’m not going to let you lock me up in here you know. Unless you plan to keep me prisoner, I’ll still be going out. I’ll be careful but I can’t just put my whole life on hold!” Bellamy stands and begins pacing the room, dragging a hand through his hair. After a minute he stops, turns to me and meets my eyes. His expression is resigned. 
“Please? Just for a while? Give me time to find these people.” I’ve never heard him so earnestly asking for something. And he is asking, he knows that he can’t make me stay. Or at least he can’t make me stay without ensuring that I don’t speak to him ever again… Still, he 
is trying to protect me and he’s right that I am being targeted. Would it be so unreasonable to take a few days off? I sigh and tip my head back to the ceiling, flicking my wet hair out of my 
face as I move. 
“1 suppose it wouldn’t hurt for me to see how much leave I have saved up. It has been a long time since I’ve taken a holiday and I should have a decent amount of leave since I worked so much while we were not getting along.” I reason aloud. Bellamy beams a bright smile at me and pulls me in for a sweet kiss. 
“Call your work now and 
ock your loo.. 
Please… and thankyou.” he adds at the end. I let 
out a half laugh, honestly it is more of a sigh than a laugh. 
“If it’ll make you happy.” I pull out my phone and call work. Amber, the Oracle slash my favourite supervisor answers. 
3/4 
104- Leave and little girls 
“Hi Ryann!” She greets me before I can answer. 
“So I’m calling to ask about-” She cuts me off. 
###Chapter 105
Strings of Fate 
105- Live and like 
“Your leave? I know. You have two weeks of leave saved up and a few sick days. We don’t usually let people take annual leave without notice though… which is why I applied for your leave three weeks ago. It starts today by the way.” She says cheerfully. 
“You are an angel Amber. I swear you keep the whole place running.” I compliment her. I can practically feel her delight through the phone. I remember she complained to me once that people are always mad when she doesn’t predict something and they get caught by surprise, but don’t appreciate it when she does. So since then, I’ve been making more of an effort to acknowledge her special contributions at work. 
“I know.” She says proudly. She pauses a moment before asking. 
“Ryann, is everything okay with you? I haven’t seen much, I only really can see the parts of your life that directly affect me, so basically your work related stuff. But you’ve been a bit off lately. You had that time when you were all depressed, then you got happy again and started bringing a bodyguard to work. I know you’re involved with the Shifters somehow because I’ve seen them around and again, the bodyguard. But this sudden time off… I booked your leave for two weeks, but I can’t actually see when you will be coming back. Or even if you’re coming back to work at all.” she concludes. 
“I’m coming back.” I assure her. 
“I had a few… relationship issues, which have mostly been resolved now. But now I also seem to have a… stalker? I don’t know. Someone left me threatening notes and vandalised my house. So I’m just taking some precautions for a while is all.” I explain, trying to keep it as casual as I can while telling someone my life is being threatened. Amber sucks in a deep 
breath. 
“That’s awful! I hope you’re alright, and tell that Shifter of yours to keep you safe. If there’s anything I can do to help, please let me know.” She offers. 
“Thanks Amber, I will. And thanks again for booking my leave.” We wrap up the phone call and I turn to Bellamy. I know he was listening but I still tell him. 
1/4 
105- Live and like 
“Two weeks, then I’m going back to work.” I insist. He nods. 
“I can work with that.” He seems pleased, although still a little anxious. I’m starting to think that until this whole issue is resolved, he is just going to be constantly a little on edge. My stomach growls and Bellamy frowns, displeased. 
“You said you needed to eat. You’re hungry. I should have fed you already.” He sounds guilty again. I scoff a little and smile. 
“It’s not your job to make sure I eat, and even if it was, I’ve only been up a few minutes. Relax. I’ll go eat now, I should probably change first since I’m not going to work.” I think aloud. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“You change, I’ll get you food.” He starts to guide me to the door with a hand on my back, hurrying me alon 
I head back upstairs and quickly change into more comfortable clothes then head back down. Bellamy is in the kitchen. I can smell toast and he is just cracking an t at the egg into a frying pan. I sit and quietly watch as he makes me breakfast and then I sit counter and eat. He makes himself food and somehow manages to finish it before I finish mine. I guess I don’t eat nearly as fast as him. I wonder if there’s any orange juice left… I make my way to the fridge to get myself a drink. Bellamy is wandering through the kitchen. cleaning and putting things away. 
“Thanks for this. You really don’t need to feed me all the time.” I remind him again.. 
“I want to. I need you to be happy here. Since the circumstances that pushed you here weren’t ideal I can at least try and make it good for you being here.” I stop walking, causing Bellamy to almost walk into me which then makes me trip. Bellamy catches me by the hips to steady me. I turn back to face him and he releases me briefly before allowing his hands to fall back to my hips. He tilts his head and raises an eyebrow in a clear question of why I stopped. 
so suddenly. 
“Why would you think I don’t like being here?” I ask. I am totally confused. I have been visiting regularly for weeks now, I spend half my free time here these days. Why is he so worried? Bellamy shrugs uncomfortably. 
“You’ve just never seemed that comfortable here. Not compared to how you are at your place. You dress more carefully, all put together rather than wandering around in pyjamas and stuff 
2/4 
105- Live and like 
like you 
do at home. You always sit on the couch properly instead of lounging. You peek around doors to check if you’re welcome before entering. You wait until someone else is getting food rather than just getting yourself something.” He pauses a second, taking a breath before continuing. 
“You never leave anything here, not even by accident. I bet if I went over the whole place. right now, I wouldn’t find a single one of your possessions outside of that bag you packed.” He points out. That can’t be right… can it? Damn… it probably is. But it’s not like he leaves a lot of stuff at my place… does he? I mean there are the things he asked to leave there. Plus he does bring a lot of food and snack items for himself. He also tends to forget hoodies, sunglasses, stuff like that behind a lot. Even Megan gave me wine glasses to keep there so she would be able to drink more comfortably. I suppose I can see his point. But I had no idea I wasn’t doing that… or that it meant anything. 
“I… I hadn’t noticed.” I confess. 
“My place is really the first proper home I ever had, I’ve never tried… getting comfortable…. somewhere else. It didn’t occur to me that I was even acting differently here. It wasn’t on purpose. I do like it here. I love it actually, it’s nice, there are people around so it isn’t quiet all the time like my place. I never really have to eat alone, which I suppose is part of why I never help myself to anything. But mostly I just didn’t want to… annoy anyone.” I know Bellamy invited me to stay here, but it’s not like this is forever. I don’t want to screw anything up. Bellamy pulls me into a hug. 
“You wouldn’t annoy us. You saw how excited my sister is to have you here. I might be hiding it a little better but I can guarantee I am far more pleased about it than she is. We LIKE having you around. If- well… you never seemed particularly interested when i’ve brought it up in the past. But I have to admit I’m kind of hoping… that if you like it here you might want to stay. When this is all over and we catch whoever is harassing you. I want you to be comfortable enough here that you make this your home and don’t move back to your place. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable or anything and I will totally understand if want to go back. But while I have you here, for however long that might be, I want to show you how good it could be here. I know I’m stressed out and grumpy and you don’t have as much freedom as you would like right now, but the way I see it, that means it can only get 
better, right?” 
you do 
3/4 
105- Live and like 
Chapter Comments 
Amy McPhail 
Oh my heart. Bellamy is just such a sweetheart sometimes! 
Melissa D 
maybe his confession will ease her tension 
###Chapter 106
106- Settle and stay 
I pull away from Bellamy and stare. He wants me to stay… like forever stay? That’s why he’s so anxious for me to settle in more? Well… I don’t know how to answer that. I like my home, and having Maggie for a neighbour, seeing Logan regularly and being able to walk to work. I couldn’t do that from here. Although I know that Bellamy is also hoping I’ll accept being his mate completely at which point I really can’t imagine I’d be able to keep my job and still fulfil all the new responsibilities that would be expected of me. Not sure how I feel about that either. I mean it’s not like I’ve ever wanted to be a waitress together. But it’s my job. I 
applied, interviewed and got the job all on my own. Having a new job with new responsibilities when my only qualification is that I’m seeing the Alpha seems a bit like… cheating? Then again, isn’t dating someone like a really long interview anyway? Like Bellamy is interviewing for the job of his partner. It’s not like he hasn’t had other ‘applications‘ so to speak. I saw how girls treated him at Megan’s engagement party. But he picked me, even before he knew about our ties. So maybe it makes sense after all? 
“Ry? Sweetheart you aren’t saying anything…” Bellamy prompts and I startle a little. 
‘Sorry, I was lost in thought. Uhm… I’ll… think about it?” Somehow my answer comes out as 
a question. 
‘Sure, and in the meantime, I am going to do whatever I can to help you get more comfortable here.” He winks at me and gives the most cheerful smile I’ve seen from him in 
days. 
“Starting with, helping you unpack your bag. Come on, let’s head upstairs and we can work out where you want to keep your stuff. Maybe later we can go shopping and get any other stuff 
you might need.” He suggests. I laugh and let him lead me upstairs to his room. 
“I don’t suddenly need new things, I have stuff Bellamy.” I point out. He pulls me through his door then grabs my bag and places it on the bed. 
You 
“Well yeah, but there must be other stuff you would like to be more comfortable here always seem to get cold when you’re sleeping. We could get some warmer blankets? We have a bath here, so you could get stuff for that. We could get whatever food, drinks, snacks or whatever else you like to keep on hand. I’m sure we can think of more things as we go.” 
1/5 
106- Settle and stay 
“Bellamy” I say with a raised eyebrow. He just laughs at me. 
“I want to spoil you. You make it difficult, you know. Always refusing to let me get you gifts.” He pokes me in the side. 
“I know, I know. I’m awful like that. Refusing to let you waste money on me.” Bellamy starts moving clothes around in his closet. It’s one of those big ones with the rolling doors and a mirror on the front. A rack either side for hanging clothes and the centre section is shelves and drawers. He moves all his hanging items to the right and clears off the left rack. He also re–stacks his shelves and re–arranges his drawers. His closet is the most organised thing that I have ever seen. Everything is perfectly folded and organised. It doesn’t take more than a few seconds for him to redistribute his things, clearing out half the shelves and drawers. It’s a big closet, he clearly wasn’t using most of the space. 
“Buying you gifts isn’t a waste. Not if you enjoy them.” He points out. I start pulling things out of my bag. I would put them away but to be honest I’m starting to think that Bellamy would do a better job of it. Actually his whole house is far tidier and more organised than mine. I originally assumed that he paid someone to come in and clean but I now suspect that he maintains it himself. Everything has its place. I suppose that makes sense for a control- freak like him. Bellamy starts putting my stuff away but stops halfway through and curses. 
“Dammit. I don’t have enough hangers for your things. Well, that’s something we can get at 
shopping.” He points out. I roll my eyes. 
least. A good reason to o 
“I thought you hated shopping.” I remind him. He shrugs. 
“It was more fun with you.” I’ve moved to sit on the bed but Bellamy comes and grabs me by both hands pulling me to my feet.. 
“Come on. We need to get more hangers, when you bring more clothes here we need a way to put them away.” He seems ridiculously pleased with himself for unpacking my bag. With that done, or mostly done at least Bellamy pesters me into putting on my shoes and drags me out. the house. Apparently his ‘stay home and out of trouble‘ rule doesn’t apply when he’s with me. Why do I get the feeling that this is the last outing I’m going to have for a while? I am surprised when Aaron meets us though. 
“I thought you said it would be insulting to have a guard when you’re with me?” I question. 
2/5 
106- Settle and stay 
“Maybe, but I would rather be over cautious than risk you getting hurt.” Still he gives me his arm and we head out. We spend the afternoon getting not only hangers, but new blankets, bath products, snacks and anything else that Bellamy can sneak into the cart when I’m not paying attention. My head darts around to catch him adding stuff when I paused to talk to (at?) Aaron. Actually… are the two of them working together? Aaron keeps getting my attention but not actually needing anything. But is it intentional or is Bellamy simply taking advantage of my distraction? Well… not much I can do. He’s apparently much sneakier than me. Not that it’s hard. Crowded shops like this are hard to see through. Too many strings. floating around everywhere obscuring my vision. Still, it’s a fun afternoon. 
When we get back, Aaron excuses himself, apparently he has plans. Bellamy heads upstairs to start putting things away. I think he doesn’t want me to see all his purchases because he doesn’t ask me to come with him. I decide to make something for dinner. Megan had classes today but she should be home any time now. I go through the fridge and find what I need to make a stir fry dish. Easy, but then again, I’m not the best cook so it’ll do. I’m almost finished cooking when Megan gets back. 
“Something smells good!” She calls out as she heads down the hall and joins me in the 
kitchen. 
“Oooh, some for me?” She asks. 
“Of course!” I laugh. 
“You’re in a good mood. Can I assume nothing else awful happened today then?” She asks. I nod happily. 
“Yeah, it was a good day.” I smile. 
“Reaaaallly. What did you do?” She asks, her tone suddenly teasing. I narrow my eyes at her and point at her with the spatula I’m using to stir the food. 
“Nothing that interesting. Bellamy and I went shopping. That’s all.” I explain. She grins. 
“He got to you didn’t he? How much did he get? I bet he went totally overboard.” I glare at 
her. 
3/5 
106- Settle and stay 
“No! Well… maybe a little. I don’t think I actually saw all the stuff he got. He sneaked it all upstairs before I could see it.” I admit. She laughs at me. 
“Male Shifters can get a little carried away with the gifts, particularly when things are starting out. Something about the whole ‘protect and provide‘ thing that they’re all so obsessed with. Don’t worry about it too much.” She advises. Well, at least I know that Bellamy won’t be obsessively buying me stuff forever… I hope. I start serving out dinner. Megan yells 
out for Bellamy to come downstairs. 
“He should hear as long as his door is open. If he doesn’t come in a minute or two we can go 
get him.” She informs me. 
2 
“Well, what about you? Did you have a good day?” I ask. Megan shrugs. 
“It was alright. But pretty much everyone was too focussed on the murders to get much work 
done.” She comments. 
“Murders?” I ask. 
“You didn’t hear? I guess you didn’t read the paper then. There was a double murder last. night. Two people, a married couple were murdered in their home. Even worse their child is nowhere to be seen, she’s probably been taken, likely she’s dead already. A little girl. It’s so sad.” Megan sighs and pokes at her dinner before taking a bite. A little girl… why does that make me feel so afraid? Sad would make sense but afraid? And why does it ring so familiar? Maybe I’m overthinking it. Still, I hope the girl is alright. 
###Chapter 107
107- Friends and family 
Bellamy’s steps down the hall distract me and I present him with dinner. It’s my turn to lean 
on the bench and eat while he and Megan take the two stools. 
“Maybe we should start eating at the dinner table where we all fit.” Megan comments. I shrug. 
“I like it here. I don’t mind it. But if we add anyone else to the dinner party we will definitely have to. Or eat in the living room like last time, although Darrien sat on the floor so the dinner table would probably be better.” I think aloud. Bellamy looks weirdly happy at this discussion. I know he doesn’t mind Darrien but I don’t think they’re especially close, why is he happy at the idea of him coming to dinner more? Maybe it’s for Megan’s sake. 
Megan and I hang out in her room after dinner. We play some choose your own adventure type video game and get our character killer horrifically (oops…) We also catch up with Harry in the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
Megan- Hey Harry, how goes your crush on the bartender? 
Harry- It’s not a crush! I just like messing with her. 
Ryann- … IDK Harry, do you usually spend so much time annoying one person? When was the last time you went out with someone? 
Megan- Or at very least the last time you asked someone else out. 
Harry- Asking someone is the same as going out. People rarely say no to me. Except for you. ladies of course ;) 
Ryann- And the bartender chick… 
Megan- LOL. And you didn’t answer Harry. When? 
1/5 
107- Friends and family 
Harry- Not sure, a few weeks maybe? 
Megan- And when did you meet bartender chick? 
Harry- A few weeks ago… 
Megan- And you haven’t tried to see anyone else since? 
Harry- I guess not? 
Ryann- And this implies….. 
Harry- Oh shit. 
Megan- Hah! Feelings are a lot more entertaining when they’re not mine. 
Harry- Shut up. What about your feelings then? How goes your relationship with the hot bodyguard? ;) 
I can’t help but laugh aloud at that. I wonder how Darrien would feel about being described as ‘the hot bodyguard?‘ I mean, honestly it’s not that bad. Better than ‘Alpha Kitty Kat‘ as he likes to refer to Bellamy. I really hope he comes up with a new nickname for him soon… Megan elbows me and I wink at her then gesture to her phone dramatically. 
“Well, go on. Harry asked, not me.” I smirk and she rolls her eyes. 
“Fine.” She bites back. 
Ryann- Ouch, How is it that you did the teasing and I’m the one who took an elbow to the 
ribs? 
Harry- My bad babe. I should’ve checked to make sure you were outside the firing line. Hugs! 
Ryann- Thanks, please confirm in the future. Okay Megan, over to you. 
Megan- Gee thanks so much 
2/5 
107- Friends and family 
Megan- If I HAVE to answer then I guess it’s going… fine? 
Harry- What does that even mean? 
Megan- I mean… nothing has really changed? He’s always around and he treats me like het usually does. If he hadn’t paid for my meal and made it clear I wouldn’t have noticed any 
difference. 
Ryann- I’m pretty sure he’s just trying to be considerate. You’ve been through a lot. He’s probably just being careful not to upset you. I mean, it’s not been that long and you did say several times that you didn’t want to be involved with anyone. I reckon he just wanted to be 
sure that you are AWARE of his feelings and now he’s waiting for you to be READY for them. 
Does that make sense? 
Harry-… When did you get so aware of things? 
Megan- Damn, being in a relationship has changed you XD 
Ryann- Nah, Darrien and I are friends. I have the inside scoop. 
Megan turns and looks at me thoughtfully. 
“What?” 
“Nothing. I’m just glad that Bellamy picked you. You haven’t even taken over as the Alpha female yet and you’re already taking on half the responsibilities. Just on a small scale. You 
deal with us and all our feelings. It will be interesting to see what it’s like when you have everyone coming to you with their problems.” I shudder. 
“That sounds terrifying. How am I meant to help people like that? It’s one thing when it’s just you guys, but a bunch of strangers…” I trail off in horror. Megan laughs. 
“Strangers are only strangers the first time you meet them. If you can only help your friends then you’re just going to have to make a whole heap more friends. You’re all worried by this but I think that, even without officially taking over, you are going to start managing things all on your own. Because that’s what you do. You fix things and help but only just as much as is needed. You’re also good at sitting back and watching people make stupid choices. You only 
3/5 
107- Friends and family 
intervene when it gets really desperate.” She sighs sadly and I can tell she’s reflecting on her own relationship choices. 
“People will respect that Ry. You really don’t have to worry about it. I know Bellamy is hoping you’ll stay here forever, and hoping you’ll accept him completely soon. He won’t ever rush you, and it’s not my place to say anything, not really. But I’m not as good at sitting back and watching things unfold as you are. So I just want to tell you, as your friend… you don’t have anything to worry about. Things will work out the way they’re supposed to, and if things do go wrong, you’ll have Bellamy and you’ll have me. Not to mention Aaron, Darrien, Shaun, Alex… Even Harry. I know involving and being responsible for all the other Shifters scares you, but instead of thinking of them as responsibilities, think of it as gaining a whole giant. collection of friends and family. People to help you and back you up when you’re having trouble.” she says gently. I shake my head in disagreement. 
“Bellamy is Alpha and he isn’t friends with everyone like that. I know he has them all, but it’s not… like that. He’s more like their boss than anything else.” I point out. Megan laughs. 
“That’s because my brother is an emotionally constipated idiot half the time. He’s bossy and doesn’t know how to express himself other than going all out or nothing at all. He’s so worried about being ‘in charge‘ that it’s created a huge distance between him and everyone else. You can help with that. Besides, everyone loves him more than he thinks. Think of the Alpha as the head of a giant family. People might disagree with him, treat him with more respect or even fear him. But he’s still family. How they treat him depends on how he acts around them. It would be the same with you. You’ve seen Logan with Maggie. He loves and respects her. Meanwhile his mother from what you’ve told me is an absolute hot mess. But they all still love each other. It’s like that. You get from it what you put in. If you want friends and family then treat people that way.” She explains. I stare. 
###Chapter 108
108- Horror and helping 
“When did you learn all this?” I ask, baffled. Megan laughs. 
“It’s something my mum used to tell me as a kid. When we were little it was unclear if it would be me or Bellamy that came out as more dominant and became the Alpha. We are twins after all. It wasn’t until our teenage years that it became clear. So we were both taught as if we might end up in charge one day.” She pauses. 
“Honestly, I’m glad it’s not me. Bellamy likes running things, I don’t mind as much. Which is probably why things turned out this way.” I tilt my head in question. 
“You didn’t know as children?” I ask. She nods firmly. 
“Yeah, most Shifter children grow into their positions in the hierarchy. There’s a whole nature. bs nurture debate, how much of it is genetic and how much depends on who raised them. Bellamy and I are dominant, but is it because we have Alpha parents or because we were RAISED by Alpha parents. It’s hard to say. Sometimes a shift in personality causes someone to become more or less dominant over time. Often an older Shifter will become less dominant as they become more accepting and passive and allow the younger generation to take over.” I listen in fascination. I hadn’t realised that this was something that could change. But wait… 
“If that’s the case, how is it that mates are always equal?” I ask. Megan shrugs. 
“Not sure, it could be that being with the right person balances you out. Brings out different sides of you. But it’s not like it’s something we can really test for sure.” Huh, that’s new information. I feel my phone vibrating. 
Harry- Hah awesome.. 
Harry- 
are you still there? 
Harry- You guys are having an in–real–life conversation without me again, aren’t you 
Harry- We need to all catch up in person sometime, partly because I haven’t actually met you. Megan and partly because I’m pretty sure I’m missing half the gossip right now. 
1/5 
108- Horror and helping 
Ryann- OMG you’re right. Sorry, we got sidetracked. Yeah we should definitely all catch up. 
Megan- And soon! 
Harry- Good, I’ll figure something out and get back to you. For now, enjoy your conversation and good night you traitors. 
Harry- ;) 
Ryann- Night Harry. 
Megan- Night! 
After our conversation is interrupted Megan and I abandon the game that we were losing VERY badly and decide to wrap up the night. She was out all day and is super tired so I agree to let her sleep. I head into Bellamy’s room and find him lying in bed reading a book. He immediately slides a bookmark between the pages and drops it on the bedside table when I walk in. 
“Hey Ry, did you enjoy your game?” He asks and I nod. 
“Yeah, I mean we failed at it terribly, but it was fun anyway. Have you been reading this whole time?” I ask. He shrugs. 
“Pretty much.” He holds out his arm for me to come sit with him and I join him sitting on the bed. It looks nice with the new covers. They’re a deep blue colour and thicker than the old one. Bellamy insisted we get them since I apparently get cold at night. I stroke the soft fabric, pleased with it despite the fact that he really didn’t need to. I try to remember what Megan told me about male Shifters going a bit gift crazy for a while and decide against commenting on the new pillows. I remember touching them while out then walking away. Bellamy must have gotten them anyway. Despite only just sitting down, I get up again and go look for my pyjamas. I actually have no idea where Bellamy put them. I check the closet. I’m sorting through the drawers that he cleared for me earlier and I find them. I get changed in the ensuite then return to Bellamy’s waiting arms. He pulls me close and sighs in satisfaction, if he were in his cat form I’m pretty sure he would be purring. 
“Did you hear about that double murder, Megan told me earlier. Apparently a kid is missing. 
2/5 
108- Horror and helping 
Isn’t that awful?” I ask. Bellamy clutches me tighter and I can feel him nod against me. 
“Yeah, I heard. It is horrible. I think the male victim was a guest lecturer at Megan’s university.” He adds.. 
“Oh, that explains why she said it was all anyone was talking about there.” I pause and hesitantly speak. 
“Do you… do you think the kid is okay? I mean, probably not okay, but alive at least? They wouldn’t take her if she was dead… would they?” I ask, my voice quiet. Bellamy is slow to 
answer. 
“It’s… possible.” I snuggle in closer to him. 
“Maybe the police will find her.” I add. 
“Maybe.” Bellamy answers, his tone is doubtful and I sigh mournfully. 
“I know it’s not likely, but I’ll sleep better if there’s hope. The poor thing.” I sigh again. 
“This is really bothering you, isn’t it.” Bellamy questions. 
“Yeah. I don’t know what it is. I just… I feel horrible for her. Even if she is alive, and even if she is found safely, what is she going to have left? Someone broke into her home and killed both her parents. She’s going to be an orphan, probably end up in one of the group homes or foster care and… it’s just sad.” I tell him. He strokes a hand through my hair. 
“You’re right. It is.” He agrees. 
“I wish there was something we could do to help.” I comment. Bellamy nods. I push on. 
“I know the guys are all really busy… but do you think… maybe someone could stop by that house. They could probably at least tell the police what species the kidnapper is?” I suggest nervously. This is the first time I’ve really asked for something, I don’t know how I feel about it. Bellamy pulls back and examines my face. 
“I suppose they could. Maybe you should ask Aaron. He’s your guard. If it’s working hours and 
3/5 
108- Horror and helping 
you’re here anyway he could go check it out.” He suggests. 
“Do you think he would mind? It’s not really his job…” I trail off. Bellamy chuckles. 
“I’m sure he would be happy to help. Send him a message and ask.” He prompts. I narrow my 
to ask? Is it because he doesn’t want 
eyes at him. Why is he so determined that I be the one” 
it to be an order? Him asking would be basically the same as ordering them to, so that kind of makes sense. I send Aaron a text. 
Ryann- Hi Aaron, I have a bit of a weird request. Please feel free to refuse. Have you read about that double murder/ kidnapping that happened last night? I was wondering if you would mind stopping by the house and seeing if you can smell or see anything that the police might find useful. I know it’s a long shot but… I don’t know. It’s just bothering me and I wish I could help. 
Aaron- Of course miss Gale. Immediately. 
Ryann- No need to go now! It’s the middle of the night! 
Aaron- Scent will be fresher now. I’ll let you know in the morning what I find. Goodnight. 
Ryann- Thankyou Aaron! 
“He… he said he’s going right now. I told him he can wait until morning but he insisted that the scent would be fresher if he goes now.” I explain to Bellamy. He smiles at me slyly. 
“I figured he would.” I raise my eyebrow. 
“Then Wily did you say I should ask about tomorrow?” I ask suspiciously. Bellamy chuckles. 
“Just testing a theory. I bet he didn’t question it at all, did he? Just agreed?” He confirms and I nod. 
“As I thought. Aaron is treating you as Alpha already. As are most of the guards you know. I’ve noticed a few times lately.” I stare, open mouthed. 
“That’s not… I mean… but…” Bellamy lays back in bed and pulls me with him. 
4/5 
108- Horror and helping 
“It’s okay, it’s a good thing.” He soothes. He reaches and flicks off the lamp. 
“Try and get some sleep. You’ve done what you can for the missing child and you’ll hear 
more in the morning.” 
###Chapter 109
Strings of Fate 
109- Real and repeating 
I dream about the little girl again. How did I forget about her? It’s not the same dream although it is definitely the same girl. Her white–blonde shoulder length hair which was so tidy last time is unkempt and looks like it could use a good wash and brush. Her eyes are still rimmed in red, but she’s not crying anymore. She’s…. Staring. Her eyes are glazed over and looking off in space with a vacant expression. It’s somehow even worse than the tears. It’s almost like she’s not in there anymore. Like a little broken doll in flannel pyjamas. Her body is limp, sitting on the floor with her legs out to the side and shoulders drooping. The only proper sign of emotion that I can identify are the tight fists at her sides, squeezed so tight that her knuckles have turned white. I want to step towards her, pick her up off the floor, hold her, anything to return some life to her face, but I can’t. In this dream, I don’t seem to have a body or any kind of form. It’s like I’m stuck watching through a screen. The girl suddenly moves, looking up as if someone was speaking to her, but I can still only see her and darkness. Horror crosses her face and I regret wishing the blank expression away because this is so much worse. She begins shaking her head no, backing up on her hands sliding on the floor. Invisible hands yank her to her feet. She starts crying again and a moment later whatever or whoever is yanking her pulls again and she vanishes. Everything goes dark, and I wake up. I bolt upright and I’m crying. It’s dark and my sudden movement causes Bellamy to stir beside me. 
“Ryann?” He asks, his voice croaky and groggy. I can’t answer him, I’m too busy crying. This is the second time I’ve dreamed of this girl. At least. I know I dreamt of her last night, I was going to tell Bellamy but I didn’t and somehow she just… faded. Bellamy realises I’m crying and immediately pulls himself up and flicks the lamp on. I cringe and blink against the bright. light. Even once my eyes have adjusted they’re still blurry from the tears. Bellamy picks me up and pulls me into his lap, cradling me and stroking my hair. 
“Hey, hey… shhhh. What’s wrong darling? What can I do?” Bellamy asks gently, a touch of anxiety in his tone, but he hides it well. I can only tell because everything he does has a touch of anxiety recently. I continue letting out huge sobs for a minute then I start trying to match my breathing to Bellamy’s. Taking slow, relaxed breaths. With my head against his chest I can feel his heart racing, although not as fast as mine is. It probably takes almost ten minutes for me to pull myself together well enough to speak. When I do answer, my voice is hoarse and my chest tight like it’s being crushed. Bellamy waits patiently for me to get ahold of myself. 
1/3 
109- Real and repeating 
“I had a dream, about a little girl.” I croak out. I tell Bellamy all the details of my dream. He rubs my back and holds me close as I explain. 
“That sounds horrible. I should have made sure you didn’t go to bed thinking and worrying about the missing girl. Of course you would have a nightmare.” He sighs. I sit back a little. 
“Are you seriously blaming yourself for my nightmares now? Don’t be ridiculous. Besides, it can’t be because of what we discussed. Because I’ve dreamed about the girl before. This is the second time. I dreamed about her last night, BEFORE any story hit the papers.” I explain. Bellamy goes quiet. 
“Are 
you sure?” I can tell he’s doing his best not to be dismissing, but his tone betrays doubt. 
“I’m positive. I don’t even know if it’s the same girl. But I’ve dreamed of her at least two times now.” I insist. Bellamy nods. 
“It’s okay, I believe you. Maybe it’s the opposite? Maybe the story about the missing girl hit you so hard because you had a dream about a little girl last night and if that’s the case, then of course you would dream about it again.” He reasons. Huh, I suppose that’s possible. 
“But that would be such a weird coincidence.” I mutter. Bellamy shrugs. 
“It’s still possible. Besides, how well do you remember the first dream? Isn’t it possible that your mind changed details to match the story better?” He adds. I nod slowly. Then shake my head. 
“Yes, maybe, I don’t know. I just can’t help feeling I’m supposed to do something. But I have no idea what. Even if the little girl in my dreams is real, what can I do? Or what if she 
represents som else? Or what if it’s just my mind being cruel and making me 
miserable?” I finish, hopelessly. Bellamy reaches and pushes some hair out my face, wiping away the tears that haven’t completely dried yet. 
“Regardless, there is absolutely nothing that we can do about it right now. It’s really late and you should try to sleep more.” He suggests. I shake my head hard. 
“No 
way, I couldn’t get to sleep if you paid me.” I insist. 
2/3 
109- Real and repeating 
“Try.” He demands. I shake my head again. 
“I can’t, and even if I do, all I can think about is the girl in my dreams. I’ll just have the same nightmare.” I sigh mournfully. Bellamy thinks for a moment then nods to himself, a decision made. 
“Lie back and listen then.” I tilt my head in curiosity but I comply. He leans over and tucks in the sides of the blanket around me, making sure I’m snug and comfortable. Next, he grabs the book he was reading earlier from the bedside table. He ignores the bookmark and flips back to the beginning. Then he starts to read, his voice calm and relaxing. It’s some mystery book. about a bank heist. I’m so tired I barely even pay attention, I just let the soothing sound of Bellamy’s voice lull me back to sleep. During the night I wake twice more. Both times I’m crying and I have the impression of fear, but I don’t remember what exactly I dreamed. It must be the girl, but no matter how hard I try, I can’t seem to remember anymore details. Each time, Bellamy wakes with me. We don’t talk, he just holds me close and soothes me to the best of his ability until I fall back to sleep. 
In the morning I feel like I’ve been hit by a truck. My eyes are red, sore and all gunky from crying. My lips are chapped, probably from biting at them and my chest aches. I also have a throbbing headache starting in my temples and running down the back of my neck. Add in the poor amount of sleep I actually got and it’s no surprise that I don’t want to be awake. But of course, this is one of the rare mornings when I wake early and can’t get back to sleep. Bellamy is still asleep and I decide to leave him. He probably slept almost as badly as me since he woke up every time that I did. I creep my way out of bed SUPER slowly doing my best not to jostle him. If my head didn’t hurt so much, I might do a little happy dance that I actually succeeded, but the thought of showing that much enthusiasm makes me want to hurl so yeah… no. I tip toe carefully over to the closet to find something to wear. I slide it open, cringing at the rumbling sound the wheels make then I stop and stare. 
###Chapter 110
Strings of Fate 
110- Early and eating 
My half of the closet has at least twice as much in it as it did yesterday morning. Which still isn’t that much since most of my things are at my place, but still. Did Bellamy put some of his stuff over here too? I sort through and nope. Every single additional item is in my size. Hoodies, a dress, a couple pairs of shorts. Each item is something I would have picked for myself. Each item is hanging there, perfectly new looking but with no tags. Bellamy must have gotten more than I thought when we went shopping. I didn’t see any of this stuff get purchased. My eyes narrow. How much did he spend? I have clothes already, I didn’t need new ones. Although some of the items DO look really comfortable. Inspiration strikes and I check the little bit that’s over by the dresser. Sure enough, there are a collection of tags that have been cut off the new items. I check the price of a few items but then I have to stop because I’m starting to feel nauseous. As someone who buys most of my clothes second hand, the cost of these clothes is insane. They’re not fancy brand names or anything, I suspect Bellamy knows I would to that. But they’re nice, good quality items, and definitely completely new. Part of me wants to turn them down, but I know that will hurt Bellamy’s feelings. Buying and providing me with clothes is a big deal to him and it’s not like he can’t afford it. I decide to let this one slide. I just hope he doesn’t overdo it too much. There’s only so much closet space after all! 
I step into the ensuite and get dressed in a soft medium blue hoodie that Bellamy must have gotten as well as a grey tank top and black leggings that I already had with me. I consider shoes and have to repress a sigh when I realise there is a brand new pair of boots in my size that have ‘magically‘ appeared in the closet. I decide to just slip on a thick pair of grey socks and call it done. I leave Bellamy’s room, holding the door handle to stop it from clicking as it closes and pulling it closed slowly. Only then do I carefully, gently turn the handle back into place and release it. Megan’s voice behind me makes me jump. 
“Sneaking out?” I nearly leap out of my skin. 
“Bellamy is still sleeping.” I answer. I should have known that morning person Megan would be up. Plus, I know she still isn’t sleeping amazingly well. She looks at my face critically. 
“Bad night?” She asks. I nod and give a half shrug. She leads me into the main bathroom and gets a washcloth. She soaks it in cool water then has me lay it over my eyes for a few minutes to soothe them. While I sit there with my eyes closed she moves around the bathroom. I can hear the sound of her hair pulling through a brush. 
1/4 
110- Early and eating 
“Did you and Bellamy fight?” She asks calmly. I shake my head so hard that the washcloth falls off my eyes. 
“No, definitely not. I just had bad dreams… all night.” I sigh. Megan repeats my sigh.. 
“I know the feeling.” 
“This is a disgusting time to wake up. I can’t believe you wake up this early on purpose.” I 
add, changing the subject and trying to brighten the mood. Megan winks at me. 
“Not everyone likes to stay up all night, you psycho.” She answers. I shrug. 
“That’s true. There is one bright side to being up this early.” 
“Yeah?” 
“Yep. We have heaps of time so let’s make the most epic breakfast ever. I’m thinking pancakes, eggs, the works.” A grin breaks out across Megan’s face. 
“That sounds like a brilliant idea.” 
Megan and I don’t just make pancakes and eggs. We make toast, bacon, muffins, sausages, hash browns and a whole cereal station. Only to be let down when we realised that we are out of juice and have enough for like, one person to have coffee. Megan collapses into a stool at the bench, her head in her hands sulking. 
“This was so close to being perfect.” She sighs. I think for a moment then grin. 
“I have a solution!” I grab my phone and text Darrien. 
Ryann- Megan and I made a fancy breakfast, but we don’t have enough coffee or orange juice. 
If you can bring those items for us we might be willing to share. 
Darrien- ETA 15 minutes. Just got to stop at the store. See you soon! 
After a moment’s thought, I send a second message to Aaron. 
2/4 
110- Early and eating 
Ryann- If you’re planning to stop by this morning, Megan and I made breakfast. Come when you’re ready.  
Aaron- 
With breakfast all ready, I head upstairs to wake Bellamy. I get to the edge of the bed and stop. I’ve never actually purposefully woken him before. I kind of awkwardly place a hand on his shoulder and shake a little. 
“Bellamy?” I say quietly. He groans and his eyes crack open. 
“What time is it?” He grumbles. I shrug. 
“Not sure, about eight maybe?” I answer. He groans again. He must be more tired than I thought. 
“Megan and I made breakfast, Darrien and Aaron are joining us. Come down when you’re ready, okay?” I move to get up but he grabs my hand and pulls me back down. I stumble and collapse into his chest. He gives me a sleepy smile, his golden eyes staring into mine. 
“Hey you.” He greets me, I can’t help but giggle. 
“Hi, good morning. Are you gonna come have breakfast with us?” I ask again. 
“Mmh yes.” He responds, but he makes no effort to move, just wraps his arms around my waist and closes his eyes again. We stay like that for a minute before I say anything. 
“Uh, Bellamy?” He groans and rolls us over so that I’m on the bed properly before he pushes. himself up onto his elbows. He leans in, kisses me on the forehead then sits up. 
“I know, breakfast. I’m coming. Just give me a minute. Wait here for me.” 
By the time Bellamy is showered, dressed and ready, Aaron and Darrien have both arrived. Although no one has started eating. Clearly they were waiting for us. Megan and I laid out the entire array of breakfast items on the rarely used dining table and now there is the addition of a pot of hot coffee and a bottle of my favourite orange juice. It looks pretty perfect. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
3/4 
110- Early and eating 
“I see you ladies have been busy. This isn’t quite what I imagined when you said it was time for breakfast. Good job.” He says approvingly. 
“It was Ryann’s idea.” Megan calls out. We all sit down to eat, and it’s just lovely. I’ve never really had a ‘family meal‘ like this. But that’s what it is. I eat until I’m ready to be sick, then I sit back and watch all the others as they absolutely demolish the remaining food. Even Megan, despite being smaller than the guys, doesn’t stop eating until there is nothing left. When they finish I sit back in shock. Darrien is the one who explains. 
“Shifter metabolism. We can eat a lot.” I nod my understanding. I guess that makes sense, it’s the same reason Megan gave for not being totally hungover that one time. I suspect I am going to grow to resent that at some point. 
###Chapter 111
111- Recognition and re–evaluation 
When we finish eating, Aaron, Darrien and Bellamy clean up. Megan and I try to help but the guys refuse and insist that we sit and relax. 
“You cooked, we clean.” Bellamy insists. Well, far be it from me to argue if a handsome group of guys wants to clean up while we sit and chill. Still, by the time they finish, I’m getting antsy. I want to hear what Aaron found out. Megan and Darrien have no idea what the meeting is for so Bellamy gives them a quick explanation. They seem a little confused at my extreme interest, but neither of them question my desire to help, which I appreciate. It suddenly occurs to me that Aaron, AARON is going to give a report. A verbal report. He is going to TELL us what happened? That’s insane. Surely he will have to speak more than a single sentence now! My plans are ruined when he pulls out a neatly folded piece of paper from his jacket pocket and hands it to me. I smooth it out to find… he TYPED out his report. I whirl to face him. 
“You’re doing this on purpose now aren’t you?” I demand. Megan laughs. 
“Why would he do that?” She blurts out. 
Aaron keeps his expression blank. 
“Exactly, why Miss Gale?” He says in a monotone. I roll my eyes and glare at him. After a second his blank expression breaks when his mouth twitches into a tiny half smile. I knew it. Bellamy seems amused as does Darrien. They all watch me expectantly. 
“Ugh fine.” I read out the report that Aaron gave me. 
“The home was blocked off with police tape as expected. I could not determine the species of the attackers but I was able to determine the same type of magical trace that was found after the vandalism at Miss Gale’s home suggesting the same type of magic was used to disguise it. There were signs of a struggle and it is also worth noting that the couple who were killed and the child did not give off human scents as the papers suggested but something else instead. At least one of the parents was a Witch, the other and the something different. Not 
Lare 
something common as I have not come across the scent before. I could not find any other evidence that would be useful to us.” I finish reading and drop the paper on the table. They have the same magic as the people who attacked my home? I glance at Bellamy, his 
1/4 
111- Recognition and re–evaluation 
expression is beyond dark. He is thinking something through and I decide to ask a few questions before he freaks out too much. 
“If you didn’t recognise the scent, is it possible that someone else will? I don’t know if being aware of her species will help us find the girl but it might be useful to be aware of her capabilities. We still don’t know why she was taken after all.” Aaron gives a nod. 
“Yes it’s possible.” He pulls out another item from his jacket pocket. A small plastic ziplock bag. Inside is a scrap of fabric. 
“From her pillow case.” he explains. I smile my approval. 
“Thanks. Maybe someone will recognise it.” He passes it around to everyone else in the room but they all shake their heads no, they don’t know it. I sigh. Oh well, it was worth a shot. 
“Does… does that mean there’s nothing we can do to help?” I ask quietly. Everyone at the table falls quiet and the silence hurts. Bellamy reaches out and grabs my hand. 
“We’ll think of something, this is important to you.” I appreciate his effort to comfort although he’s squeezing my hand a little tight so I know he’s not thrilled right now. 
“You alright?” I ask. He gives a short nod. 
“Fine. Just re–evaluating your safety measures.” My brow furrows. 
me, 
“What do you mean? I already moved in here, took time off work and agreed not to go anywhere alone. What else could you possibly want?” I ask, a little horrified. He stares at me and clutches my hand in both of his. 
“How are you not more worried about this? He told us that the same magical traces we found at your house was found at the scene of a double homicide and kidnapping!” His voice is measured, I can see that he is actively trying to stay in control but the more he speaks the louder his voice is getting. 
“There are tons of potential explanations for that though. It’s probably not the same person, it’s not even the same type of crime! They probably just purchased from the same store or used the same reference to do the spell. I agree we should be cautious, but let’s not jump to 
2/4 
111- Recognition and re–evaluation. 
conclusions just yet.” I try to reason. The look Bellamy gives me tells me he isn’t buying my explanation. To be honest, I’m not sure I do either. If it was just the spell I would understand, but my weird dreams have me on edge. Something is up, I just have no idea what. He releases me, drags a hand through his damp hair and lets out an exasperated sigh. 
gates to 
“Regardless, we need to be more careful. No more unnecessary outings, and if I’m not home then Darrien or Aaron should be here. It’s not likely that anyone could get past the gat our land but who knows what spells they have access to.” He decides. I sigh. I get the feeling there’s going to be some debate over what counts as a necessary outing. But how mad can I be when there is someone out to get me? Would I rather he didn’t care at all? 
“I also need you to tell me right away if you have any more of those dreams. Wake me up if you need to, okay? I don’t know if they mean anything or if it’s just because you’re anxious about all the 
but since you’re concerned I don’t want to ignore it, just in case.” he states firmly. I give a small smile, grateful that he’s not dismissing my weird dreams. 
“Aaron, Darrien, You guys work out a schedule to make sure one or both of you are here when. I’m not home. Nights should be fine but I still have to go out during the day occasionally. You’re both welcome to make yourselves comfortable here in between times or take meals here. Does anyone have any further questions?” He confirms. 
“Yeah, I do. I need to go get some more of my stuff if I’m going to be here for a while. Are you free to take me today or should I go with Aaron?” I ask. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“Make a list, Aaron can go for you. You don’t need to leave for something like that.” He orders. I cross my arms over my chest. 
my 
“No. That doesn’t work for me. No offence Aaron, but I don’t need some guy going through 
drawers looking for my stuff. I’m not comfortable with YOU going through all my drawers, so why would I be okay with someone else doing it?” I point out. Bellamy looks torn between. understanding and being stubborn. I can tell that he wants to give me what I want, but the overprotective part of him wants to lock me in this house and not let me leave until he knows the danger is taken care of. I make eye contact with him and hold it. 
###Chapter 112
112- Lockdown and loading 
We stare at each other for a minute until I am distracted by Megan giggling. I turn to her, a question on my face and she shrugs. 
Ry you’re on total lockdown. Watching you argue with him is kind of hilarious. Mostly because no one else does so he has no idea how to deal with it.” She laughs again and Bellamy turns on her. 
“I wouldn’t laugh too soon, Megan Kane. You’re also going on lockdown. We don’t know who is going after Ry or why which means we can’t rule out the possibility that they want you too. You’ve been a harder target to access so it’s no surprise if we haven’t noticed before now. You’ll need to do your lectures online and discuss online options for any classes you need to do in person. Worst case you can repeat a few subjects if needed.” Megan begins to but unlike me, Bellamy can silence her with a glare. She holds his gaze and resists for a full minute before dropping her eyes to the floor and sighing. 
“Yes, fine. I’ll see what I can do.” She grumbles. I notice out of the corner of my eye that Darrien’s shoulders drop a little as tension drains from him. I hadn’t considered that he would be worrying about Megan. Honestly I hadn’t thought that this could be a danger to anyone other than me. Now I feel a little bad for kicking up a fuss. I decide it’s time for another compromise. 
“Bellamy, how about a deal? Megan and I will take Aaron AND Darrien with us and we can grab my stuff. Then, I will make sure to stay inside the compound gates for the next two weeks unless you escort me out yourself.” I offer. Bellamy narrows his eyes. 
“What if this hasn’t been resolved in two weeks? What happens then?” He queries. I shrug. 
“Then we re–evaluate. I can’t stay in lockdown forever.” Bellamy looks up towards the ceiling and I suspect he is praying for patience.. 
“Take Shaun too.” He finally grumbles. I grin and give him a quick hug and a kiss on his cheek. I then turn and glare at the others just daring them to comment. They all stay suspiciously silent but they’re making a lot of eye contact so I know they’re still doing something. I don’t know what, but I feel like my glare wasn’t as effective as I might have hoped. I call Shaun and he promises to arrive in ten minutes. Most of the Shifters seem to 
1/3 
112- Lockdown and loading 
live in the compound or at least nearby. It’s kind of nice knowing that everyone is only a few minutes away most of the time. When he arrives I usher everyone out of the door before Bellamy can rethink his decision. I know that he wants to come too but we spent a long time 
having breakfast and apparently he has to go meet up with some people. Something about hunters being caught on Shifter property. Obviously that isn’t acceptable. It would be awful for a hunter to shoot a Shifter by accident, or even worse, on purpose to sell their parts for potions or spells. 
With the five of us, it’s a full vehicle, but Shaun brings a large SUV so we take that. I figure I’ll need a bit of space to put my stuff, and three male Shifters take up a lot of space on their own, and Megan might be slimmer than the guys, but she’s not particularly short or anything. When we pull up and park, Aaron stays in the car with Megan and I. Darrien stands just outside the car and keeps a lookout while Shaun goes around and checks the place out. I notice a couple guys I haven’t seen around before but Shaun greets them cheerfully so I guess they must be the guards Bellamy said he would leave here to keep an eye on the others in the building. Once Shaun has deemed the area safe enough, we head upstairs to my place. It cringe when I see the spray paint all over the front of the building. I am definitely going to have to make this up to Maggie. Megan swears under her breath. 
“Hey guys, after I pack I want to stop and check in with Maggie. I need to apologise for all the trouble.” I state firmly. I can see that Shaun looks a little doubtful but Aaron and Darrien 
both nod their acceptance. I guess they know better than to bother arguing with me. I can’t help a small grin at that. As someone who has spent so much time going with the flow and avoiding causing trouble, it’s kind of nice being able to speak up. 
Even though I’ve only been gone a few days, my place seems kind of dark and stuffy. Also smaller than I thought? Bellamy and Megan have been spoiling me. I don’t need heaps of space. My place is perfectly fine. It’s enough for one person, always has been. Still… the glass everywhere, the spots of blood in the kitchen from where I was hiding… this place used to be my own little sanctuary and I’m just not sure that it is anymore. Megan must notice that I’m a bit down because she links her arm through mine and drags me to my room, a couple empty duffle bags swinging at her side. 
“Come on Ry, cheer up. There’s nothing here that we can’t fix, besides, it’s not like you have nowhere else to go. You know you can stay with us as long as you want, forever even…” She trails off, her expression serious. The perks up, 
“But, that’s not something to worry about right now. For now, I’m looking forward to going 
2/3 
112- Lockdown and loading 
through all your stuff. Let’s go!” She drags me into my room and pointedly ignores the broken window. Together, we begin sorting through my clothes. I don’t take everything, just the things I like most. Enough for a few weeks at least. Some comfy items and a few cute things. I also grab a few more of my toiletries and my favourite pillows and blankets. On the way o stop in the kitchen and grab my favourite mug, one with a unicorn on it that says ‘I wish I was a unicorn so I could stab people with my head.” 
out I 
We all step outside and Aaron locks up my place. Darrien insists on carrying all the bags, but I continue clutching one of my pillows and keep my mug hooked over a couple of my fingers. I have to work nor 
to swing it around, something about having it hooked over my fingers 
makes me want to fiddle with it. Probably because it’s just balanced perfectly, the cute pictures aren’t the only reason it’s my favourite. Darrien loads all my stuff into the back of the car and I throw the pillow into the back seat. For some weird reason I decide to hold onto my mug. Not sure why, I guess it’s a bit of a safety blanket item for me right now. Now I need. to go talk to Maggie. I know she’s a good person, but I’m worried she will be mad at me. She puts up with a lot, but something like what happened… it could have endangered Logan, and he is always her number one priority. Still clutching my mug, I knock on her door. I can hear her on the other side checking the cameras. At least she is being cautious. After a moment, the door swings open. Maggie stands with her hands on her hips. Her expression gives nothing away. I shift my feet nervously then hold out my mug. 
chance 
“Any you have any hot chocolate?“. 
###Chapter 113
3/3 
Strings of Fate 
113- Mugs and marshmallows 
There’s a moment where I hold my breath and wait. It looks a little like Maggie is struggling with something. Then before I can so much as suggest marshmallows, Maggie throws herself at me. For half a second I think she is actually furious and trying to attack me, but instead she wraps her arms around me in the tightest bear hug a tiny old woman can give. She’s shaking and… is she crying? Oh no, what happened? What should I do? After a painfully long minute, I speak. 

“Maggie? What’s wrong? Has something happened? Is Logan okay?” I ask. She freezes and 
releases me so suddenly that I stumble back a little. 
“IS SOMETHING WRONG? YOU INSENSITIVE BRAT! I’VE BEEN OUT OF MY MIND WITH 
WORRY ABOUT YOU!” Maggie reaches and gently clips me over the head in a reproving 
manner. She then crosses her arms over her chest again. 
“First you get attacked by shady guys while with your gentleman friend, then you suddenly have bodyguards, next came a fancy as hell, mind my language, security system. Then you’re just gone, your bedroom window is smashed in, the front of the building is completely desecrated so of course I let myself in to make sure you’re alive in there and there’s BLOOD 
in your kitchen. You don’t call and check in. I mean sure, your friends let me know that you’re alive. But they didn’t tell me where you went, or if you’re okay, or what’s being done. I’ve been driving myself crazy stressing about the possibilities then you just waltz up to my door and knock asking for hot chocolate!” she rants. I stare, I had no idea that Maggie would be so concerned, sure we get along fairly well, but I didn’t know that she cared so much. I can’t help myself, I start to cry. Not just cry, I start bawling. All the emotions that have been building up since I got here are exploding out of me all at once. I’m frozen in place but Maggie and Megan both start fussing over me. Megan stroking my hair while Maggie pulls a tissue from who knows where and begins wiping at my teary face. Aaron is the one to break 
me out of my imitation of a statue, or maye fountain based on the amount of waterworks going on. He gently pushes Megan and Maggie back, loops an arm around my shoulders and at Maggie’s nod, guides me into her home and plops me down onto her cosy green couch. Somehow the movement shocks me out of my tears, although I can’t seem to 
o stop sniffling. Maggie and Megan drop onto the couch on either side of me, squeezing me into the middle. Megan wraps her arm over my shoulders and Maggie around my waist. Darrien and Shaun are both hovering near the door and window, keeping an eye out and pointedly ignoring my tears. Aaron sits himself down on another empty chair and begins typing something into his phone. 
1/3 
113- Mugs and marshmallows 
Finally, I manage to speak through my sniffles, although I sound pretty pathetic. 
“I’m sorry Maggie. I didn’t mean to put you and Logan and everyone else here at risk. I didn’t think any of it was a big deal, then suddenly it all happened at once. I should have done more, or… or… I don’t know.” I sniffle a few times, holding back more tears. 
“Oh hon, is that what has you all weepy? You thought I would be angry with you? That’s ridiculous. You had no way of knowing the future, you see relationships, not events. Besides, you took every precaution, even sent the eye candy boys to set up security for me too. Then, when it became clear that it wouldn’t be enough, you moved to a more secure place and still sent guards back to make sure that we were safe too. Sweetie, you are in an awful and stressful situation and you still took the time to think about us. I couldn’t be angry with you if I tried.” Meggie says firmly. Megan squeezes my shoulders in encouragement. 
“I like her.” She comments. I sniffle and nod. 
“Me too.” I agree. Sitting here with Maggie and Megan, I feel everything I wanted to feel when I went back into my place. I feel safe, secure and comfortable. I guess it wasn’t the pillows and mugs that made this place home. I make a note to spend more time with Maggie, even if it’s just a call or text. I should invite her to see where I’m staying too. Bellamy doesn’t want me going out and realistically, he’s right, but having a guest over should be fine right? 
A small gasp at the front door draws my attention. Logan is standing there clutching his 
backpack. 
“Ryann! I missed you? Where have you been?” He demands as he drops his bag in the doorway and runs over to me, completely ignoring the three huge Shifter men standing around. As he approaches he realises I’m all pinned in by Maggie and Megan making it impossible for him to hug me properly. So he contents himself with grabbing my hand and clutching it. 
“Hey Logan! I’m sorry I didn’t get to say goodbye. There are some bad people who are really scary and they say they want to hurt me, so I’m staying somewhere safe with my Shifter friends for a while.” 1 explain. Logan nods with a serious expression. 
“I saw the mean things on your door.” He says in a quiet, subdued voice. But then he perks. 
up. 
2/3 
113- Mugs and marshmallows 
“I knew you were okay though. Nana was worried but I remember you have Bellamy and Darrien and Aaron and they’re all really big and strong and I don’t think that they would let you get hurt because they all like you a lot. I know because they never tell me to go away when I ask questions and Nana said if they put up with that then they must really like you.” He explains. I can’t help but snort out a laugh and glance towards Aaron. Does he really answer questions for Logan? I can’t imagine it. Logan notices the direction of my gaze and shrugs. 
“We play guessing games. I ask lots of yes and no questions and he nods or shakes his head. It takes a long time to figure out and I have to think of good questions, but it’s really fun.” He says cheerfully. His attention swaps back to me. 
“When are you coming home?” He demands. I hesitate. 
“I’m not sure Logan. I need to stay safe and I need to make sure the bad people don’t come back here. So probably not for a little while yet.” Logan pouts. 
“But I miss you, and Nana gets sad when you’re not around.” He complains. I lean out of Maggie and Megan’s arms and wrap both my hands around Logan’s. His hands are smaller than mine, but not by much. He’s already eleven, it probably won’t take long for him to get 
bigger than me. 
“How about I write down my number and you can call and message me whenever you want. And I will promise to make sure to call your Nana so she doesn’t get sad again. Maybe you can both come visit me for dinner one night. That would be fun wouldn’t it?” I offer. 
###Chapter 114
114- Charms and check–ins 
Logan looks contemplative as he thinks it through. 
“Would Darrien be there?” He demands. I shrug. 
“Sure, we could invite him too.” I agree. 
“What about Aaron and Bellamy?” He continues. Megan decides to step in. 
“We can invite anyone you want Logan. We could have a big dinner party and you could 
explore the whole Shifter compound if you want.” She tells him. His eyes open wide. 
“Really!?” He says excitedly. Megan nods. 
“Of course, Ryann is really important to us, you know, so all her good friends are important to us too.” She tells him. He bounces excitedly in place. 
“Oh, wait, I just remembered something!” he blurts out. He yanks his hands from mine and kneels on the floor by his backpack. He spends a minute digging through it before dumping the contents out on the floor in frustration. After a minute of frantic searching where several pens, a half–eaten sandwich and what I’m pretty sure is a bouncy ball scatter over the floor, he jumps to his feet, waving something in the air. He dashes to stand in front of me with his hands behind his back, then reaches out with his left hand and presents… something to me proudly. I take it and find it’s a necklace made of clunky, rainbow coloured plastic beads. 
“Uh, thanks Logan, it’s-” Logan interrupts and saves me from coming up with something polite to say. 
“It’s a friendship necklace! I made it. I have one too, see!” He pulls his other hand from behind his back and waves around a second necklace. He immediately pulls it over his own head. 
“My teacher said I should give it to someone so that they don’t forget that they have friends. It’s meant to help you feel better. It’s basically magic.” he confides. His smile dims a little and he continues. 
1/5 
114- Charms and check–ins 
“I want you to have it. It can be a lucky charm to keep you safe and so you don’t forget to call and answer my phone calls.” he explains. Okay now I want to cry again. Instead, I pull the necklace over my head. It catches in my hair a bit but I don’t mind. I pull my hair out and then grab Logan and crush him to my chest in a huge bear hug. 
“Ugh, Ryann, Can’t. Breathe.” he struggles out. I loosen my arms and he grabs me around the neck in a tight hug. 
“Thankyou Logan, I’ll take good care of it.” I promise as I release him. 
Now that Logan has broken the super serious atmosphere with his rainbow necklaces, Maggie insists on making hot chocolates for everyone, of course I use my favourite mug. Logan takes her seat on the couch next to me, leaning in and hugging my arm while Maggie bustles around the kitchen. She pulls a tray out of the oven. I should have known she was baking something, I mean I can smell the cookies. But her home always smells like baked goods because she bakes so often the smell basically never fades. No wonder Logan likes it here so much more than his mum’s place. Although to be fair, I’m not sure his mum gives him much choice about where he spends his time. Everyone in the room perks up as she starts sliding cookies onto a plate. The guys look like they’re doing their best not to seem too eager, but they’re failing epically. Maggie passes the plate around and we all get warm cookies to with our hot chocolates. Mmmmmh yes, Maggie is an absolute treasure and must be protected at all costs. We finish eating and I reluctantly herd everyone out the front door. It did tell Bellamy I was just grabbing my stuff, I don’t want to give the guy an anxiety attack, although I’m fairly sure that Aaron has been texting him updates. Maggie shoves a container of cookies into my arms along with my freshly washed mug items like the 
and I cradle both treasures they are. 
We pile into the car and I pull out my phone and start messing with the calendar app. 
go 
“Whatcha doing?” Megan asks, peering over my shoulder. Shaun is on my other side and seems equally as curious. 
“I’m setting a repeat reminder to send me a notification every three days reminding me to check in on Maggie and Logan. I probably won’t need it, but when things get stressful and busy it’s easy to forget things like that. Out of sight, out of mind and all that. I don’t want to lose them so I figure I need to make sure to make an effort.” I conclude. Megan smiles and nods. 
2/5 
114- Charms and check–ins 
“I get that. You’re making sure you don’t go too long without checking in. It’s sweet.” she 
ngrees. 
“Thanks.” Speaking of checking in, I send a text off to Bellamy. 
Ryann- Got my stuff and checked on Maggie and Logan. On my way back now.  
Bellamy You okay? 
Right… so Aaron did tell him about my slight meltdown… Well, I guess I’m not really 
surprised. 
Ryann- Yeah I’m okay. Just got a bit emotional for a moment. We can talk about it later. 
Bellamy- No problem. As long as you’re okay. Did you get everything you wanted? 
Ryann- I think so. If I’ve forgotten anything I can ask someone else to pick it up later. I’m starting to like being able to ask people to help with things. 
Bellamy- Ahh, growing into your secret bossiness I see. I approve. 
Ryann- I’m not bossy!… Am I? 
Bellamy. Not particularly. More like… determined and firm to the decisions you make. It’s a good thing, particularly for an Alpha. ;) 
Ryann- I should have known that was where this was leading. Whatever, I’m gonna go make sure these guys take the time to eat lunch, you Shifters are all complete workaholics I swear. I also want to help Megan with re–arranging her class schedule since it’s partially my fault she’s on lockdown too. 
Bellamy- It’s not your fault. But by all means, help her if you like. I’ll be back before dinner. Make sure at least one of the guys stays with you, or two. Two is better. 
Ryann- I’ll ask them to stay and hang out, don’t worry. We won’t go crazy and burn the place down if you’re gone for a few hours. 
3/5 
114- Charms and check–ins 
Ryann- Probably not at least… 
Bellamy-… 
Bellamy- Maybe order in lunch? 
Bellamy- Please don’t burn the house down. 
Ryann- No promises. Byeeee xox 
Bellamy- XOX ;) 
We make it back and the guys escort us inside, carrying all my stuff for me of course. I instruct them to just drop it all against the wall in the hallway for me to sort later and they pile it haphazardly but do their best not to obstruct the walkway. I face them all with my hands on my hips. 
“So… Pizza?” I suggest. Megan shoots me a thumbs up as she wanders upstairs. Shaun is the next to respond. 
“Can we polish it off with more of Maggie’s cookies?” He asks. I laugh. 
“Sure, why not?” He holds two hands 
up. Darrien and Aaron smack his hands with firm high 
fives. 
“We’re in.” Darrien answers. Aaron nods and gives a half smile. 
“Perfect. I’ll order online.” Megan says as she comes back down the stairs clutching her laptop to her chest. Shaun’s phone rings. 
“Oh hey Alex. Oh, yeah I am back but we’re getting pizza. Yeah at the Alpha’s house. Right. Sorry, yeah I already agreed to lunch here.” I tap him on the shoulder and he lowers the Phone a moment. 
“Invite him along. It’ll be fun.” I tell him. He nods happily. 
4/5 
114- Charms and check–ins 
“I take that back. Miss Gale says I should invite you too. She brought back some of Maggie’s 
cookies.” he says, clearly trying to tempt his more shy friend into accepting the offer. A 
moment later he hangs up the phone and tells me that Alex will be over in ten. 
###Chapter 115
115–Cards and concentration 
As promised, it doesn’t take long for Alex to arrive and the pizza arrives soon afterwards. Actually, Megan went all out with ordering a variety of pizzas as well as drinks, garlic bread and even some kind of spicy chicken side that the pizza place was apparently offering as part of a deal. We lay out all the food on the coffee table and sit around in the living room to eat. Hmmm, with the addition of Alex, there are now twice as many guys here as there are girls. This seems kind of unbalanced. 
“You know, this lunch is very guy–heavy. Why don’t we have more girls to invite?” I wonder aloud. Megan jumps into the conversation immediately. 
“THANKYOU I’ve said it before. I’m always so outnumbered. I always thought it was because Bels doesn’t love inviting over heaps of girls since that time one of them tried to sneak upstairs to look at his room.” I raise an eyebrow. 
“Uh, WHAT?” I ask in horror. Megan shrugs. 
“She wanted to move up the hierarchy a bit, she thought that if she got to know more about Bellamy she could seduce him and yada yada. It was a wasted effort, she had no hope. But after that we stopped having many female guests.” Megan explains. 
“Well that’s crazy. Actually, I know the perfect solution. You guys need girlfriends so you can bring them along. Then we don’t have to worry about them being weird AND we get company. It’s the perfect solution. So, Darrien I already know you’re technically single, for now at least. But what about you guys?” I ask, Aaron is already shaking his head so I face Alex and Shaun, ignoring Megan’s embarrassed choking from beside me. Alex immediately shoves a slice of pizza into his mouth in an attempt to avoid answering. my arms and just wait. Eventually he chokes the food down and shakes his head slow. 09:21 
+10% Bonus 
“No, I don’t have a girlfriend.” he replies, his voice croaky from swallowing too fast. I turn on 
Shaun next and he also shakes his head. 
“Nope, no ladies on my dance card.” He answers, pauses then continues in a tone that is half joking, half completely serious. 
1/3 
115–Cards and concentration 
“You don’t happen to have any single friends you could bring round do you?” He asks. My immediate reaction is to shake my head no. But actually, now that I think about it… is Amber single? I did decide that I wanted to get to know her a little better. Maybe when I get around 
to having that dinner party with Maggie, Logan and everyone else I should include her too. I mean, I don’t know her that well, but I think she and Shaun might get along. I tilt my head and shrug. 
“Actually, maybe. I’ll think about it. I have one idea… maybe.” I conclude. Shaun immediately. throws himself to the floor and begins genuflecting dramatically at my feet. 
“Thankyou, THANKYOU. If you help me find a girlfriend I’ll owe you for the rest of my life.” He rambles on, promising me ridiculous things like his life savings and his firstborn child. I roll my eyes and tell him to sit back down and eat already. 
Once we’ve gorged ourselves of Maggie’s baking and the food is cleared up, Shaun and Alex head off to get some work done. Alex came during his lunch break and I already interrupted Shaun from whatever he had planned today with making him come and collect my stuff. Aaron and Darrien both decide to stay. Only one of them really NEEDS to be here, but Aaron would usually be with me at work right now and Darrien isn’t going to leave while Megan is still here and hanging out willingly. Megan and I sit beside each other on the couch with her laptop and start working out what needs to be done to change her classes to all be online. It mostly looks casy except for one class that seems to have a face–to–face component. After some research we find that if we negotiate with the instructor they may be willing to let her skip that and submit an additional 2500 word essay instead. The idea isn’t appealing, but it’s better than dropping out entirely. As Megan and I continue figuring things out, Darrien and Aaron sit on the floor across from each other one either side of the coffee table and play an incredibly high energy game of snap with a deck of playing cards that they found somewhere. 
I say high energy, but ninety percent of that energy is coming from Darrien as he gives it his +1 
Bor all but always seems to be the tiniest bit late. Aaron is quiet at usual, although a small smirk on his face tells me he’s enjoying the win. I suspect the fact that Darrien can’t stop glancing 09: at Megan is distracting him and giving Aaron that little bit of edge that’s allowing him to continue undefeated. The more he loses, the more vocal Darrien gets and the more enthusiasm he puts towards the game, although somehow he seems to be getting 
ig worse each round. I briefly make eye contact with Aaron who just shrugs. He might enjoy winning, but I 
don’t think he actually much. Darrien probably only cares because 
the game that 
cares about 
he’s lost so many times it’s actually embarrassing. 
After a half hour of this I notice the red thread on my chest re–appear. Bellamy must be on 
2/3 
115–Cards and concentration 
his way back, or at very least he’s gotten closer. Sure enough a few minutes later he arrives home, calling out from the front door to announce his presence. He walks into the living room just in time to see Aaron demolish Darrien in what has to be their hundredth round of the game by now. Darrien curses and pushes back from the table. Bellamy watches him with a bemused expression. 
“Uh, you guys can head off now if you want. I won’t be going out again today. Thanks for staying.” He says, apparently having decided to ignore Darrien’s somewhat childish outburst. Darrien and Aaron head for the door. Well, Aaron heads off with a wave over his shoulder at us. Darrien stops, smiles and makes an awkward amount of eye contact with Megan, nudges me in the shoulder as he passes, gives Bellamy a manly nod then chases after Aaron. 
“I can’t believe I lost so badly. Next time we play rock–paper–scissors. Or… NO wait, next time we’re having a karaoke contest!” 
Megan heads upstairs to call her university and HOPEFULLY figure out the classes. In the meantime. Bellamy helps me move my bags and pillows upstairs to his room. We work together to unpack this time, although I’m fairly sure Bellamy moves and readjusts almost 
every item I put away. I would complain but he seems to enjoy it and to be honest, he does a 
better job than I was doing anyway. Once everything is away and my extra blankets and pillows are loaded onto the bed, making it seem significantly smaller than it was, we lay in the bed and watch a movie for a while. I’m tired from an emotional day and Bellamy seems 
tired from his meeting too. We chat about it a bit and we discuss how worried I was about Maggie being mad and how it was all for nothing. By the end of the movie, I’m all talked out and I’m starting to doze off. Bellamy moves from beside me and tells me to keep resting while he arranges dinner. I nod drowsily and let my eyes fall closed. 
###Chapter 116
116- Meeting and meaning 
I watch as the girl struggles, her wrists are restrained with a zip tie and there’s silver tape over her mouth. There are tears running down her face and I can see strands of hair stuck in the tape that are definitely going to hurt when it’s removed. I just don’t understand. Why am I dreaming about this girl, and what’s the point if I can’t see anything useful? Is it even real? I know I dreamed of her once before I heard about the kidnapping, but isn’t it possible it was just a bad dream that’s stuck in my head now? I almost hope it is because the look of fear in this girl’s eyes is dreadful. Something catches her attention. I wish I could see or hear anything but all I can do is watch her silent figure. She shrinks back for a second then I see her steel herself. She sits up as best as she can with her wrists tied and glares defiantly at whoever she is interacting with. I see her shake her head. A moment later she tumbles 
backwards and clutches her hands to her cheek. Did someone just hit her?! She curls up on 
the ground, crying. Eventually she pulls her hands away and I can see her cheek is red. 
I bolt up and let out a scream of rage and frustration. What is this and why am I seeing it? What can I do? Well, to start with, I’m going to go tell Bellamy everything. Maybe he will have some ideas. I hope. I glance at my phone, I was only asleep for maybe three quarters of an hour. I dash down the stairs, nearly smashing my face into the wall across the hall at the 
bottom of the stairs because the momentum was too much for my uncoordinated self to 
manage. I follow my red thread into the kitchen where Bellamy is just adding the finishing touches to a few plates of chicken schnitzel. Okay, that smells amazing. 
“Hey.” He smiles at me warmly. 
“You’re right on time. Did you sleep well? You’ve been so tired I was just going to set this aside for when you woke.” Bellamy slides the plate over to me and I sit on one of the stools. I sigh as I pick up my cutlery. 
“Thanks, and no I didn’t sleep well. I dreamed about that girl again, it looked like someone hit her.” My eyes burn and I’m a little teary. I’m so sick of being so emotional. I need to pull myself together. Bellamy steps out from behind the bench and wraps his arms around my waist from behind hugging me. 
“I want to fix this for you but I don’t know how.” He admits. I sigh and lean my head back against him. 
1/4 
116- Meeting and meaning 
“I know. It’s okay. We will figure it out. I hate these dreams, but if I’m going to keep having them I’m going to try and figure out as much as I can. I do wish I knew for sure if it is definitely the missing girl though.” I sigh. Bellamy releases me and grabs his phone out. 
“Well, that’s easily fixed at least. Give me a second, I’ll look up the newspaper article. I’m sure they included a picture of the girl, she’s missing so they would want everyone to know what she looks like to keep an eye out for her.” I can’t believe I didn’t think to do that earlier, or maybe I was too scared to. Either way, I hold my breath as Bellamy turns the phone towards me. 
Pale eyes stare back at me from the screen. In the photo the girl is smiling sunnily, her blonde hair in cute little pigtails with curls. I find myself snatching the phone from Bellamy and looking at it closer. She looks so different, all happy and clean, but it’s definitely the same girl. I glance up at Bellamy and my face says enough. He nods his understanding and comes to stand beside me and read over my shoulder as I close the picture to read the actual article. It doesn’t say much, it mentions the homicides but mostly it focuses on the missing girl. Kiara Brooks. Okay, I didn’t think that knowing her actual name would hurt so much, but at the same time it’s so much better than calling her ‘the girl.” 
“We need to find her. Kiara.” Bellamy meets my gaze and nods. 
“I 
agree. I don’t know why you’re dreaming about her but it has to mean something. So, we need a plan.” He says determinedly. Aaaand we both fall silent. When Megan comes down the stairs to join us for dinner we’re still sitting there silently and incredibly frustrated. 
“Hey, is dinner ready yet? 1-” She pauses as she takes in our stormy expressions. 
“Are you guys okay?” I hand her Bellamy’s phone and the article that is still 
open. 
Воп 
09: 
“It’s her, the girl I’ve been dreaming about.” I tell her in a monotone. 
“Ah… so this whole depressed aura I’m picking up on is you guys trying to come up with at plan?” She confirms. I nod and then drop my face down onto the bench. Bellamy leans over and runs a hand over my back from beside me. 
“Okay, that’s just pathetic. Up, get up. Time for a family meeting.” Megan slaps her hands. down on the bench by my head making me jump up. Did she just say family meeting? Well. 
2/4 
116- Meeting and meaning 
this is new. 
“Okay, you guys are both trying to figure out what to do, but obviously we need more information first. So what DO we know?” Megan starts. 
“Not much.” Bellamy starts. 
“Nope. That’s way too pessimistic for this meeting, positive information only states in her fake cheerful voice. He gives an exasperated sigh. 
Try again.” She 
“Fine. We know that the kidnappers used the same spell as the people who are after Ryann. We know that Ry is dreaming about Kiara. We know that one of Kiara’s parents was a Witch.” Bellamy sums up. Megan nods, her hair flicking around her face from the force and speed of 
the nod. 
“Okay, what don’t we know then?” She asks. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“Other than who took her and where she is?” He says sarcastically. 
“Yes, other than that.” Megan ignores his sarcasm. My turn to answer. 
“We don’t know what spell was used, we don’t know what Kiara is since she’s not a Witch or 
anything else you guys recognise. We don’t know why there’s someone after me. We don’t know why the Brooks family was targeted or why Kiara was taken…” I trail off. We sit for a 
minute. 
“Oh and we don’t know why I’m dreaming about her.” I add. 
“Okay, great. Now which of those things can we get more information about?” Megan 
prompts. 
+1 Вол 
“Well, we can probably ask around and try and find out what Kiara is, and if the Brooks family had any issues with anyone or reasons to target them.” Bellamy suggests. He’s sitting up a lot straighter, his confidence returning now that we’re breaking out of our idea slump. Actually, 
so is mine. 
08: 
###Chapter 117
Strings of Fate 
117- Coordinate and complicate 
Bonus 
08:35 
“Well, I want to know why I’m dreaming about her. Assuming the dreams I have are of things that are actually happening, it’s kind of like how a Seer or Oracle works. Maybe I could talk to 
one and try and figure out if I can control it better or see more?” I say slowly. I’m not actually totally sure if it will help, but it’s not like I’m doing anything else, and having more answers might make the dreams less horrifying. Or more horrifying. I don’t know. 
“That’s a great plan.” Megan chimes in. 
“And I am going to… uh.” She pauses. 
“You’re going to keep track of what we know and coordinate everything. That is what you’re good at. It’s the reason you want to go into event planning isn’t it?” I point out. She beams at 
me. 
“Yeah it is. Thanks.” 
“Awesome. I need to talk to an Oracle or Seer. I know exactly one Oracle so I guess I’m calling 
Amber.” I conclude, 
“I’ll call the security team and have them start investigating.” Bellamy starts. 
“And I will reheat all out plates because I’m pretty sure all our food is cold at this point.” Megan finishes, snatching my plate away from in front of me. 
“And I call this family meeting to a close. Carry on everyone.” Megan waves dramatically as she places my plate in the microwave. I glance at Bellamy. 
“When did she suddenly take over?” I whisper. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’ve always been the organised one, I’ve just been off my game lately for obvious reasons. You guys might be the decision makers, but I’ll always be around to pester you and help you get perspective. Now, don’t you have phone calls to make?” Bellamy grabs his phone so fast I raise an eyebrow. 
1/6 
117- Coordinate and complicate 
she wouldn’t be free to come talk to me. My phone chimes. 
Amber- I’ll be at the corner walking home from Borderline when you send him. I’m going to 
get called in to deal with some delivery issue. See you tomorrow!  
Right, well that answers that then. 
“Hey Bellamy can I borrow Shaun to pick up my Oracle friend to bring her here for lunch tomorrow?” I ask. He shrugs. 
“Sure, when he brings her we can go over what needs investigating and see if he has any other ideas. It all works out. Any reason why him in particular?” he asks. I nod. 
“Yeah, I told him I’d introduce him to a single friend. Amber is the only one I can think of, 
so…” I shrug. 
“So… it’s a set up?” he confirms. 
“Yeah pretty much. Well, more like an introduction? I mean I’ll know right away if it’s meant to be, and even if it’s not, there’s no harm in them spending time together until the right person does come along.” I clarify. 
“Says the girl that rejected everyone because she knew they weren’t her fate.” Megan teases. Bellamy grins and I roll my eyes. 
“Okay but that’s different. I KNEW other relationships would be doomed. They wouldn’t know, so they would probably learn from it. I don’t know. It just felt unfair to date someone when I knew it would end.” Megan fake gags. 
+11 
Bor 
05: 
“That’s both adorable and gross. You’re ridiculously nice. Now, eat.” 
After dinner Bellamy decides to start investigating the Brooks family. He ends up on some video call with Alex because he can’t figure out some computer thing. Alex keeps offering to come over and fix the problem and Bellamy keeps refusing saying he can work it out and he just needs a ‘little help, I’m about two seconds away from just interrupting and begging Alex to come help, so I think that means it’s time for me to back off and let them do their thing. I head upstairs to relax and watch a movie with Megan. Once again we end up chatting with 
3/6 
117- Coordinate and complicate 
Harry. 
COCK TALES 
Megan- Hey Harry, this is Ry and I checking in. How goes your crush? Have you made any progress yet? 
Harry- Hey ladies. Not sure, maybe? She used to be super polite to me no matter what I said, but tonight she actually seemed a little annoyed? She even called me an idiot out loud instead of in her head like she usually does. That’s progress… right? 
Ryann- Uh… yes? 
Megan- OMG you guys are both dense. It’s an okay sign, at least she notices him enough to 
be annoyed. 
Ryann- Yeah but wouldn’t it be better if she actually LIKED spending time with him? 
Harry–Ouch Ry, but point taken. So the conclusion here is I can get her attention, but there’s no point to it because she hates me. Great. 
Megan- Let’s not look at it that way. We’re on an optimism kick in this household right now. Think about it as, you’ve gotten her attention, so now you have a chance to show her something she might like. 
Harry. Is that an euphemism for something? It sounds dirty. 
Ryann- NO HARRY IT IS NOT. DO NOT SHOW HER SOMETHING DIRTY!!! 
+1 
Bo 
05: 
Harry- Spoil sport. What did you mean then Megan? 
Megan- I meant show her the good sides of you? Like, the respectful, nice part of you. You can be funny and charming without being obnoxious. 
Harry- Are you sure? Because that does not sound like me. I have no idea what I would event 
say. 
4/6 
117- Coordinate and complicate 
Ryann. Of course it sounds like you, you can be very charming. Just try and dial back the 
razy flirting and try to be her friend. 
Harry- I’m not sure I CAN do that. 
Megan You talk to us like that. Clearly it’s possible. Just talk to her like you talk to us. 
Harry- It’s different. I’m not interested in sleeping with either of your 
Ryann- Duh 
Megan- Should I find that insulting? Somehow I feel like that should be insulting. Rejected by 
the Incubus. 
Ryann- Nah, it’s actually a compliment. He doesn’t wanna sleep with you and he STILL takes the time to chat and answer our messages. 
Megan- Oooooh, good point. In that case, thank you Harry for not wanting to hook up. <3 
Harry- No problem babes. 
Harry- So what exactly is the plan? 
Ryann- Talk to her. Without hitting on her. Try for a normal conversation, maybe get to know her? You could ask her questions about herself, or her work or whatever it is she’s interested 
in. 
Megan- Just don’t make it too personal! At least not right away! 
Harry- This is getting complicated. 
Ryann- It’s really not. 
Megan- Okay Harry, I’m going to make it easy. Next time you talk, keep the flirting and compliments to a minimum and ask her a question about her work. 
+10 Bon 
05: 
5/6
117- Coordinate and complicate 
0 D90% 12:06 
Harry- I can do that. Probably. Okay, I’m going to go think up work–related, non–flirtatious. questions. Thanks ladies. Night! 
Ryann- Night Harry 
Megan- G’night 
###Chapter 118
118- Choice and changes 
Megan turns to face me, a look of amusement on her face. 
“He is really really thinking through all this, isn’t he?” She asks. I nod. 
“Yeah, it’s almost impressive. It’s scary… but at the same time, I totally get it. Also we REALLY need to meet this girl. 
“You just want to see if she’s his soul mate.” Megan accuses. I shrug. 
“What’s the point in being able to see spoilers if I don’t get to know about the actually invested in?” I point out. 
people 
I’m 
“True, that’s fair. Will you tell him though?” She asks. 
“I’ll tell him the same thing I told you. Basically that it’s better he doesn’t ask unless he already knows the answer.” 
“Well, at least you’re consistent.” Megan admits. 
“Would you tell me?” She tries again. I look her over, unsure. 
“Will you be able to keep it to yourself? No matter how dumb his decisions are?” I demand. Megan immediately nods, then pauses and seems to rethink her decision. 
“Uh… I’m not sure. I knew about you and Bellamy but I gave that away without realising it. Maybe I can’t be trusted.” She looks pretty miserable. I lean in and give her a hug. 
“Hey, that wasn’t your fault. I never blamed you. You are definitely a trustworthy person! I was actually asking if you want that kind of responsibility. It’s not always fun watching. people make the wrong choices. If it weren’t for the black thread that Tristain had with Bellamy I probably wouldn’t have ever said anything to you.” I admit. 
“I would have let you marry him and just made sure to be there for you when it ended.” Megan is quiet for a minute. 
+11 
Bor 
05: 
1/4 
118- Choice and changes. 
“Really? I’m not quite sure how I feel about that.” She says in a subdued voice. I sigh. 
“I know, and I’m sorry about it. But that was the choice you made. Without the chance to make choices and mistakes, what’s the point in even having free will? I could tell everyone who they should be with, but that’s not going to make them want that person. And if they do really care about someone, nothing that I say is going to change their minds, it might even make them more stubborn about it.” I explain. Megan contemplates my answer for a few 
minutes. 
“I understand… and maybe don’t tell me, at least not until I’ve worked it out for myself.” She winks and I laugh. 
“Sure.” 
Bellamy and I both end up going to bed late. When Megan and I finish our movie I check his room and realise that he is still downstairs in his office. I have a quick shower and change into pyjamas but when I emerge he still hasn’t joined me. I wonder if he knows how late it is? I pad downstairs on barefoot to check on him. I find him at his desk, hunched over and hyper focussed. He looks up and gives me a strained smile as I enter. 
“Hey,” he greets me. 
“Hi. What are you looking at?” I ask. 
“Information that Alex helped me find about the Brooks family.” Ah, well that explains hist 
stressed out posture. 
“Anything interesting?” I prompt and Bellamy shakes his head, then shoves his hand through. his hair, pushing it back and sighing. 
“No, not really. I can’t find anything in their finances, they didn’t appear to owe anyone money, nor were they wealthy enough for it to be worth kidnapping a child, not to mention that would make murdering the parents an accident, and I can see that happening with one, but both parents? Then why keep the girl? Alex also got ahold of some of the official 
Lion stuff from law enforcement, don’t ask me how. I have no idea. The family didn’t 
appear to have issues with anyone. In fact it seems they kept to themselves a lot. The family are all recorded as Magics, but there is some debate as to which kind. The mother was a 
Вол 
05: 
2/4 
118- Choice and changes 
Witch, as we thought. But the father and Kiara. Well, that seems unclear. Mostly these reports are just confirming information we already knew. But I’m going to keep looking. There are plenty more sources we can check. The guys are going to talk to their friends, work, neighbours, the school. Surely someone will know something.” 
“We hope. Are you finished for tonight?” 
“Not yet, I had just a few more things I wanted to read over. You can head up to bed if you’re tired. I’ll do my best not to wake you.” Bellamy offers. I shrug. 
“Nah, I’ll wait.” I move into my recliner and curl up. 
I wake to Bellamy picking me up off the recliner. 
“Hmm?” I mumble drowsily. 
“Oh, shit. Sorry. I was trying not to wake you. It took longer than I thought and you fell asleep.” He says, his tone apologetic.. 
“S’okay.” I feel like I should tell Bellamy to put me down, insist that I can walk myself to bed. But I’m so sleepy and comfortable. He doesn’t seem to struggle to carry me. Not even when we reach the stairs. He fumbles with his bedroom door knob a little but he manages it without jostling me all that much. He lowers me into the bed and pulls the blanket over me. 
“I’ll be right back.” He whispers, with a kiss on my forehead. I nod and snuggle into the blankets. True to his word, Bellamy returns a minute later wearing sleeping pants and not shirt. He climbs into bed beside me, flicks off the light and tugs me close to his side. He lets +11 out a deep sigh and it takes him a while to relax. I don’t know how long exactly thought because it only takes me a few minutes to fall completely asleep. 
ΠΟ 
Bor 
This time when I see her, Kiara is asleep. Her hands are still tied and propped under her head. She’s curled up in a little ball on the ground and she looks like she’s freezing. Even in sleep. she looks strained and miserable. I watch her for a long time. Eventually, she rolls over and my heart races when I see the purplish bruise forming on her cheek. We are going to find her and I am going to make sure that nothing like this, nothing bad, ever happens to her again. I can’t undo what’s happened to her, even if we save her, she’s still going to be a little girl with no parents, just like I was. But she’s strong. I haven’t seen much of her but I know that. I can 
05: 
3/4 
118- Choice and changes 
see it in the defiant looks she gives and the way she resists when she gets pushed around. It know it’s a little hypocritical of me, particularly considering how I told Megan that I would have let her marry Tristain, but some people shouldn’t be allowed to have free will and make choices. Not when the decisions they make hurt others so much. I spend a while watching Kiara, looking out for signs of any change, but it seems like she’s being left alone to sleep. 
that, something changes, I don’t know exactly how but my vision of Kiara fades and I find myself falling back into blackness and I stay that way until morning. 
Once I’ve accepter 
Chapter Comments 
B 
###Chapter 119
119–Focus and flow 
I sleep late and wake up alone. The growling of my stomach when I wake up tells me that I have slept in for at least a couple hours. I check the bedside table and sure enough, there’s a handwritten note from Bellamy. 
Good morning, 
I didn’t mean to keep you up so late last night. I hope you’re sleeping peacefully, you need. the rest. I’ll call and wake you if you up by eleven since you have plans for lunch. So if 
aren‘ 
you’re reading this I guess it isn’t eleven yet… 
I’m heading out this morning with Alex to meet with some of the local Shifters that knew the Brooks family. It might not lead to anything and there are plenty of non–Shifters we should talk to as well, but at least if we start with the Shifters I can be sure that they are telling us the truth and it might give us a bit of a general background for the family. 
I plan to be back by late afternoon. 
Good luck talking to your Oracle friend and call me if you need or want anything. 
-Bellamy 
It’s nice waking up knowing that Bellamy was thinking about me, even if I was asleep. I weirdly adore Bellamy’s little letters, I sort of want to start keeping them. Is that weird? I don’t know. Either way, I slip it into the bottom of the drawer that I’m using to keep my underwear. I make sure it’s completely tucked away and out of sight. I check the time and find it’s ten forty five. Fifteen more minutes and Bellamy would have called to wake me up anyway. I send him a quick text. 
Ryann- Good morning, I just woke up. Thanks for letting me sleep and for helping with investigating the Brooks family. I’m sure you have more important things you should be 
doing with your day. 
Bellamy- Morning gorgeous. Don’t be silly. This is important to you so it’s important to me. Besides, a missing child is always urgent. For bonus importance, this could be linked to 
+1 
Bo 
04 
1/4 
119- Focus and flow 
whoever is after you and since I have no leads to follow from that angle, I’ll take what I can 
get. 
Bellamy- I’ll tell you more about it when I get home, but so far I’ve mostly been told that the Brooks family was reasonably well liked, very quiet and private. It tracks with what we learned online. It’s possible they were hiding something, but also entirely possible that they just don’t like to splash their lives all over social media and in people’s faces. I’ll keep trying to get more information. 
Ryann- Thankyou and good luck! I’m going to go get ready and ask Shaun to pick up Amber for me soon. I’ll see you later!  
Bellamy- Counting the seconds until I see you again. 
Ryann- Lame. I give it a cheesiness score of 8/10. 
Bellamy- All for you ;) 
I roll my eyes and text Shaun next. 
Ryann- Hi Shaun! I need a favour. Can you please pick up my friend Amber from the corner near Borderline and bring her here? We’re meant to be meeting for lunch so she can tell me more about Oracles and stuff. 
Shaun- Sure, how will I recognise her? Any distinguishing features? Weird outfit choices? Flashing neon signs? 
+10 
Ryann- LOL. No, just pull up to the corner and she will be there. I’m pretty sure she will 
recognise you. 
Вол 
04: 
Shaun-  Have I met her before? 
Ryann- Nah, but she’s an Oracle, she always knows way too much and she knew I was planning on sending you before I even decided. It’ll work out fine. 
Shaun- Aaaaah an Oracle. Easy peasy. I’ll just go with the flow then. What time should I pick her up? 
2/4 
119- Focus and flow 
Ryann- Whenever you’re ready. She didn’t give a time. 
Shaun- Okay. I’m free to go in about twenty minutes. 
I send back a thumbs up then start getting my stuff together. I’ve already missed breakfast, but I should have time for a super quick shower. I also want to check in on Megan. She’s been coping really well lately, but I know she’s not completely herself. She’s been throwing herself into her studies a lot. I just want to be sure she isn’t completely ignoring her own wellbeing and emotions. I shower quickly, too quickly. I step out of the shower and dry off, then realise that I haven’t washed the conditioner out the ends of my hair properly and it still feels all sticky. As a result of this, I spend an extra five minutes stepping back into the shower to rinse it out again AFTER I had already dried off and towel dried my hair. Once my hair is actually properly clean, I get dressed and head across the hall to knock on Megan’s door. 
“COME IN!” She calls. I throw her door open and drop onto the end of her bed. She is sitting at the desk she has up by the window. Her laptop is open and she has headphones on. She pushes them back and spins in her chair to face me. 
“Morning sleepyhead. You’re up just in time for your lunch date.” She comments. I nod. 
“Yep, but I figured I would come and harass you for a few minutes first. Whatcha up to?” I say in my best childish gossipy voice. As I had hoped, Megan laughs. 
“I’m going over some lectures. I want to get a few of them done early since I now have more written assignments to do. They tend to take a bit longer than face–to–face classes.” She 
explains. 
“Ah, fair enough. Do you have a lot to do?” I question. Megan sighs. 
+10 Вол 
“Sadly yes. Before my failed wedding I had sort of… fallen behind. Not a lot, but I wasn’t 
focussing on classes the way I used to. My grades weren’t what I wanted. I want to fix that, so I’m aiming for my next few assignments to be as well written as possible. I need to put in a lot of work. After my non- wedding I threw myself into ATTENDING classes, as I’m sure you’ve noticed, but I don’t think I was processing much of it because I’m going back over the lecture notes and I swear I haven’t heard most of it before. So, I’m going to re–do them online. I’ve decided to dedicate today to catching up on lectures so that I can start the assignments while being up to date on everything else at least.” She confesses. 
04: 
3/4 
119- Focus and flow 
“So you’re basically telling me that you’re busy all day and I should go away?” I say, getting to my feet. Megan looks alarmed. 
“I didn’t mean it like that! I just wanted to explain why I’m not inviting you to hang out or something..” she trails off awkwardly and I laugh. 
1 
“It’s fine Meg, don’t stress about it. I have to chat with Amber anyway. I’ll make sure to send you up lunch and snacks or whatever throughout the afternoon.” I promise as I make my way towards the door. Megan agrees cheerfully and I exit, carefully closing the door behind me. Well, she seems to be doing okay. She’s working towards her future goals and organising herself. No wallowing in grief or anything. I know she has some trust issues she’s going to have to sort out, but somehow I think that Darrien is the one who will have to deal with those since they mostly seem to apply to men. I’m going to keep an eye out for relapses though. It’s almost disturbing how well she’s doing after everything that happened. There have got to be unresolved issues still. I make my way downstairs just in time to hear the slamming of a car door from outside. 
###Chapter 120
Strings of Fate 
120- Predictions and precognition 
? or 
I run to the door and swing it open just in time for Shaun to nearly hit me in the face, his fist raised to knock. He stumbles backwards and lowers his arm. Amber is standing beside him looking amused. Her unnaturally red hair is a little windblown and the ends just brush her shoulders. She’s thin and with her bright blue eyes she looks a lot like a little porcelain doll. Eyes are another common misconception that people have about Oracles. Just because one two of them were blind and became famous for getting by using their ‘other sight‘ forever ago, now people seem to assume that they’re all blind. I remember Amber lecturing someone about it once when they insisted that she couldn’t be an Oracle because her eyes were functional. She then continued to tell me later that just because some fanatics think that they have to blind themselves to ‘unlock their potential‘ that doesn’t mean she wants to destroy 
one of her senses. 
“Sorry Miss Gale!” He says, looking horrified. Amber flicks her hair behind her ear and laughs. 
“See, I told you that you didn’t need to knock. You should really listen to me in the future. It’ll save you trouble. Now, in we go.” Amber invites herself in, patting me on the arm as she passes. Shaun follows, carrying a couple of large brown paper bags which he takes straight to the kitchen. I have to fight not to grin at the red thread that I can see floating between the two of them. I wonder if Amber knows… I mean, she sees a lot, but not everything, so it’s hard to say. While Amber shares a lot more of what she 
sees than I do, I know she still holds a lot back. It might be why I always liked her. Aside from her being a generally nice person and a not–awful supervisor at work, I feel almost a sense of camaraderie with her. We might 
see different things, but we both know more about the future than the average person and have to choose what to do with that information on a regular basis. She might be the only person who knows about my magic and has never tried to ask about her own threads. Although until today, I’ve never seen her with any. 
We all head into the kitchen and Amber begins making herself at home, unpacking the brow bag and getting plates out of the cupboards. (She must have seen something because she finds everything far too easily.) 
“I brought lunch from Borderline. I figured since they called me in to work on my day off to sort out some stupid drama that feeding us was the least they could do.” She lays out four servings. One for each of us, plus Shaun and Megan I guess. 
+10 
Bon 
04: 
1/4 
120- Predictions and precognition 
“Awesome, thanks. I’ll call Megan to eat then.” I suggest. 
“Take the plate with you.” She prompts and I shrug. Amber is usually right. I take Megan’s food and head upstairs. I knock on her door and enter as she calls out. She has her back to me and is focussed on something on her laptop. 
“Hey Megan, it’s lunch time.” I inform her. 
“I’m in the middle of a lecture, I want to finish. Sorry, I can come down later.” Megan responds, without looking up. I just place the food by her on the desk. She glances up and 
smiles. 
“Thanks.” 
“No problem. Make sure to eat before it all goes cold.” Megan promises to eat and I head back downstairs. Shaun and Amber have set the plates at the dining table and are sitting waiting for me to join them. Shaun is unusually quiet and I notice that he keeps sneaking sideways glances at Amber as we eat. She is either very oblivious to his attention or very good at pretending not to notice his awkward behaviour. From what I understand, Shaun intends to stick around until Bellamy gets home. He did want an extra guard with us at all times, but we have all the other guys out investigating stuff for us. I’m surprised Bellamy left us alone, even if it was only for an hour or so until Shaun showed. 
Once Amber and I have gotten through about half our meals and are no longer stuffing our faces and are now picking at the plates at a far more moderate pace, we talk. 
“So, I don’t know how much you know about why I wanted to talk to you, but I’m hoping you 1 can help me with learning a bit more information about Oracles, Seers and visions in general.Bor I’ve been having dreams and I am fairly sure that the stuff I’m dreaming about is actually real.” I start. Amber nods her understanding. 
“Yes, I know. I have been thinking about the best way to explain it all. I don’t know what information you already have.” She starts. 
“Not much. I just know that Oracles and Seers both have visions or current or future events.” 
“Okay, so the pre–informed for dummies version it is then. First, there is one main difference 
04: 
2/4 
120- Predictions and precognition 
between an Oracle and a Seer. A Seer is a specialty in magic, usually associated with Witches. They use magic, spells and anything else they can to divine future events. They actively seek the information and they have to have a specific goal to search for. An Oracle is someone who has visions or knowledge of the future regardless of if they want them or not. I couldn’t stop seeing the future if I tried. An Oracle also doesn’t need to be a Witch or any other type of Magic. They could be a Human like me.” She pauses speculatively. 
“Your own abilities are closest to that of an Oracle. You see threads regardless of choice. It is an Oracle ability, although the way that your knowledge presents is different and seems more linked to fate and carved in stone. Which is I suppose why you aren’t considered an Oracle yourself, although it’s possible you have some similar abilities. Essentially though, anyone with magic, determination and perhaps a little bit of natural openness of mind is capable of learning to be a Seer. Oracles are born, not learned. Does that make sense so far?” I nod enthusiastically. I had never really thought of my abilities as being like an Oracle’s. But I suppose she is right that I am still seeing the future, or at least the results of future events. 
“How do Oracle abilities work then?” I question. 
“It’s a little hard to explain and it’s not the same for all Oracles. But I can tell you how it works for me.” I nod my agreement. I notice that Shaun is watching Amber talk, rapt with 
attention. 
“Well, in my case I usually see no more than a few weeks ahead at most. I also only tend to pick up on stuff related to things and people associated with me. So I get a lot of information and visions about events at Borderline, stuff about my family and friends, but I couldn’t tell you the results of a sports match unless I knew someone playing or attending. I also can’t guarantee that I will see something, sure I pick up on a lot, but I don’t choose the content that I see. It’s like the universe is constantly talking to me and trying to give me hints about my own future, but it has no idea on what is actually important to me, so I just get piles and piles or random visions. Some of it is useful, some of it completely pointless. I also can’t completely rely on it as I don’t see everything and it’s easy to miss something important if I’m not paying proper attention.” she sighs. 
“That sounds really overwhelming.” 1 comment. 
“Like a movie constantly running in the back of my mind.” She confirms. 
+10 
Bor 
04: 
3/4 
42–(1) 
Productiont and pr?eisgnition 
L 
mi Langi pour Sound gas and in te wag inne put mong non aje pristal sauraNNIES SARA ), 
way to turn it off * 
“know the feeding one diradi porywhere all the time, pen if I’ve seen the threads Jul 31 can be annoying and rally acting an ana i to crowded they can even start 
ocurem veion with along with her this time. I then prepare to return to my 
Chapter Comments 
10
120–Predictions and precognition 
“I can sometimes pretend it’s not there and not focus on it. But it’s still going and there’s not 
way to turn it off.” 
“I know the feeling. I see threads everywhere all the time, even if I’ve seen the threads before. It can be annoying and really distracting. If an area is too crowded they can even start. to obscure my vision.” I sigh along with her this time. I then prepare to return to my 
questioning. 
Chapter Comments 
10 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
+11 
Вог 
4/4 
###Chapter 121
121- Links and linearity 
“Can you tell me more about what you see? Does it always happen? Does it ever change?” I ask, all in one go. Amber patiently answers all my questions. 
“I will see a scene as it happens, like a kind of spectator. I have no control over what viewpoint I have and I don’t get context. Like playing a random clip from a movie but you don’t know what movie it is or what part of the movie it’s up to. You might be able to work out what’s going on from context clues, you might even recognise the people or location. Sometimes I can get the exact times if they happen to stand by a clock or have a phone or watch I can see.” She pauses to think before answering the next question. 
“The things I see, USUALLY happen. But not always, they can change. If someone changes their mind about something. I suspect the visions I see are usually the results of specific decisions. For example I saw you talking about having me over. Because you made that decision I saw it. If for some reason you changed your mind, got sick or were interrupted I might have seen something completely different.” I stare, a little confused. 
“But wouldn’t that make it impossible to predict anything? People change their minds constantly!” She shakes her head. 
“Not really, they might adjust their plans a little, but the important decisions, the ones that 
result in actions tend to change very little once someone has actually decided. They might debate for a while first, but very few people change their minds regularly.” I find that pretty surprising, but I suppose it makes sense. Making decisions is pretty hard sometimes, I might go back and forth a few times, but I suppose if I am still going back and forth on something then the decision isn’t really made. Wait, something doesn’t make sense. 
“But if you don’t see things unless a decision is made, then how did you know I would need 
leave from work a few weeks in advance? I called as soon as i decided.” I question. Amber 
shrugs. 
“It probably wasn’t your decision that decided it. It might have been the combination of someone deciding to harm you combined with your Shifter’s long standing decision to keep you safe. You know as well as anyone that it’s not just your own choices that impact the path your life goes down.” She explains. 
1/3 
121- Links and linearity 
“I suppose that makes sense. What about the fates that I see? If I know that someone is meant for someone else, nand you see me, would you also know?” I question, Amber shakes her head, then swaps to a shrug. 
“I don’t see what you see, just what is. If you commented on it or told someone I might seet it, but your magic is your own. I see your responses sometimes, that’s all.” Ahhh, so she probably doesn’t know about Shaun, not for sure. But if I tell someone then she very likely would know. If that’s the case, I probably shouldn’t tell anyone. Megan has already said she is content not knowing these things, but I was looking forward to discussing it with Bellamy. Now I’m thinking it would be unfair if I did. But what would be the harm in her knowing a little too much? She usually does anyway. 
“Would you want to know? Or would you prefer I actively try to hide it?” I ask, Amber laughs. 
“Don’t make decisions on my account. I’m used to knowing things a little early, and usually it’s stuff that directly relates to me. I live life based on the information I have, just like everyone else, the only difference is that I sometimes know a little more. It’s like living life with a cheat sheet. The information might help, but I still have to understand, interpret and figure out how to use it. Just makes your decisions as usual. Trying to determine the butterfly effect of the choices you make is impossible and will only end up being a headache.” She says. firmly. Well, that’s it then, I guess I will tell Bellamy like I planned originally. I wonder if she knows yet, I have made the decision after all. I study her face carefully. She has a better poker face than I do but I catch a sudden fluttering of her eyes that tells me she’s seen. SOMETHING. She smiles at me calmly, giving nothing away. Damnit. I glance over at Shaun to see how he’s reacting to all this. He has his phone out, but I’m pretty sure he is just pretending to use it in an attempt to seem less nosy than he actually is. It might take him at while to work out that Amber is meant to be his mate, but he has definitely noticed her. Amber takes advantage of my distracted silence to ask some questions of her own. 
“So, tell me about these dreams of yours. What do you see and why are you convinced that they’re real?” She asks curiously. I explain the dreams I’ve had and how I saw Kiara before the papers reported anything and I knew exactly what she looked like before I saw her picture. 
Amber listens attentively. 
“Did the dreams happen before the kidnapping or at the same time? The papers reported it in the morning, so if you saw it the night before then it wasn’t seeing it in advance but rather you saw the girl as she was in the moment. What else can you see? Can you move around in the visions or control them in any way?” I shake my head quickly. 
2/3 
121- Links and linearity 
“No not at all. I see literally nothing other than the little girl, it is like she is sitting in blackness. I can see her be moved around by others but it’s like they’re invisible, I can’t hear anything either, it’s very frustrating.” I admit. Amber considers the information I’ve provided. carefully before she speaks again. 
“It’s strange. It isn’t visions of the future, so it’s not like an Oracle ablity. You have no control over it and can only see the one thing, which makes it unlike a Seer’s abilities. If anything, it sounds like you are linked to the girl in some way. You said that you had a very strong emotional reaction to what you’ve seen, that suggests to me that it’s something specific about her, probably related to your own magic in some way.” She reasons. 
“But that makes no sense, I’ve. Never even met her. How would we have a connection?” 
Amber shrugs. 
“That’s why I said it was strange. I don’t have all the answers.“she reminds me gently. I sigh. 
“Yeah I know. Sorry, it;s just frustrating. If I am connected to this girl, I can’t help thinking there’s a reason and that I am meant to save her somehow. But what’s the point if all I can do is watch her cry?” I just feel useless, Amber reaches over the table and grabs my hands. 
” 
“Shhh, you’ll figure it out eventually. She is one lucky girl to have you looking for her.” 
###Chapter 122
Strings of Fate 
122–Confidence and connections 
I manage a weak smile for Amber. 
“Thank you, you’re definitely the world’s best supervisor.” I joke, Amber beams. 
“What are friends for?” This time my smile is stronger. I’ve known Amber for a while now but I never particularly considered her a friend, we always got along okay but it didn’t occur to me that she would WANT to be my friend. I’ve changed a lot in the last few months. Being around Megan and Bellamy and hearing them express the reasons they appreciate having me around, spending time with the other guards and re–kindling my friendship with Harrison, it’s helped me build my confidence a little. I never would have been brave enough to ask Amber for a favour like this, much less treat her like a friend. I was always nervous of others because 
I know they can leave me. Seeing my strings with them gave me the confidence to try and being around them has apparently given me the confidence to reach out to others more too. I really do want to be good friends with Amber. I’m currently realising that her reassurances mean a lot to me because I know from past interactions that she doesn’t speak lightly. Due to her foresight people can place a lot of weight on her opinion about what will come to be. She wouldn’t say that I’ll figure things out if she didn’t have faith that I would. With renewed confidence, I sit up straighter pushing my shoulders back and ask Amber if she has any ideas. 
what I can do next. Amber gives a satisfied nod. 
“I can’t promise any of this will work, but I would suggest you try to meditate, think about the child and try to follow the connection that must exist between you. See if you can see what she is doing without having to be asleep. Focus on the details you know about her, picture her, and then if you can still see only her, look from small things that might give you hints as to her location. Is she shivering or sweating, that would suggest if she is being held. somewhere warm or cold. Is there anything on her clothes that could give hints about her environment? If she speaks, can you read her lips at all? I know it sounds difficult but context clues can tell you a lot. They’re how I make sense of my visions. When I focus in on something I think is important, I consider all the details and try to build a complete scene in my mind.” She explains. I nod my understanding. 
“Okay, I’ll definitely try my best.” I promise. 
“You always do.” 
1/4 
122- Confidence and connections 
We tidy up the food and Shaun seems to have shaken himself out of whatever awkward slump. he’s been in. As he washes dishes he jokes, smiles and flirts with Amber like nobody’s business. I pretty much just sit back and watch the show. Amber seems bemused, but she doesn’t chase him off or at all. There are a few times that I think she might, even be enjoying herself. Once everything is tidied up she glances at the clock over the oven and nods firmly. 
“Weak, it’s time for me to go. There will be a taxi conveniently passing by in a minute and I will arrive at the front gate at the perfect time to take it if I go right away.” Amber pulls me into a quick hug and makes her way to the front door. Shaun rushes to walk her and door. She looks at him long and hard for a moment and comments. 
get the 
“You’re a strange guy.” She then winks at him then turns and marches off without another word. Shaun stares after her, looking a little dazed. 
“So, what did you think of Amber?” I tease. Shaun whirls to face me. 
“She was different. Unusual but interesting. She was hard to read, I couldn’t tell…” he trails. 
off. I tilt my head to the side. 
“Tell what?” 
“Tell if she liked me or not!” He blurts out, looking more than a little pissed off. I can’t help but laugh. My phone vibrates on the table and I check my messages. 
Amber- In about a week when Shaun gets up the nerve to ask for my number, give it to him. 
Thanks for the set up. ;) 
Amber- Also later tonight you’ll have a question for me and the answer is yes. 
Ryann- Sure and… you’re welcome? 
I guess that answers that question. She definitely knows about her and Shaun, I guess the good news is that she seems pleased at the idea. So despite his awkward start he didn’t make a bad first impression. I do wonder what kind of question I’ll have for her later tonight though. A yes or no question. There are just too many potential choices. Oh well, at least I should find out tonight. I won’t have to wait too long for answers. Shaun has dropped into 
a 
2/4 
122–Confidence and connections 
seat in the living room and I can only describe his behaviour as pouting. 
“Amber would have made it clear if she disliked you.” I state and his expression brightens. 
“Really? She’s difficult to read. Are you sure?” He asks eagerly. I nod happily. 
“Very sure. Maybe you should practise trying to read her.” I suggest. Shaun grins. 
“Good idea.” 
Shaun nod I are one and a half episodes into an episode of a crime, murder mystery show when Bellamy gets home. As he walks in, I realise how much I missed seeing him this morning. Without thinking, I jump to my feet and run to meet him, then suddenly stop just in front of him, not totally sure what I was even planning to do. Bellamy grins happily and scoops me around the waist and pulls me into his chest. I can feel him drop a kiss on my head. For half a second everything feels perfect, then I remember that Shaun is still sitting on the couch. I push back against Bellamy’s chest until he releases me andl step away, glancing back at Shaun. Bellamy nods his understanding and follows me as I return to sit on the couch. He sits beside me, but keeps a respectable distance. Shaun is just waiting expectantly, as awkward as I was, he didn’t seem to find anything amiss in the interaction. Actually I think he is still stewing and thinking about Amber. She got under his skin very fast.I update Bellamy on my discussion with Amber, Shaun occasionally chimes in to clarify points when I struggle to explain. I’m starting to think that he memorised literally everything she said. word–for–word because his explanations give me a strange sense of deja vu. Bellamy promises to help me figure out meditation later and then tells me everything that they learned today. He seems a bit frustrated. Apparently the Brooks family were well liked but not well known. Not one person was able to tell him what kind of Magic they are and no one noticed anyone strange or unusual around them before the double murder slash kidnapping. 
“We aren’t giving up.” Bellamy assures me. 
“We’re just going to have to dig a little deeper, that’s all.” he promises. 
###Chapter 123
Strings of Fate 
123–Interested and idiotic 
The conversation wraps up quickly after that and Shaun makes his way home. He says goodbye cheerfully as usual but he’s obviously very distracted. I wonder how long it will take him to ask me for Amber’s number. That’s something to look forward to at least. Bellamy had followed Shaun so he could lock the front door behind him so I grab my phone and start researching different ways to meditate and tips for clearing your mind, focussing. Stuff like that. A lot of it involves creepy ads for potions and spells. Particularly when I added the word ‘focus‘ to the search. Illegal study aid spells came up a lot. I wish it were that easy. I’m going to have to learn this on my own without magical assistance. When Bellamy returns, I feel him drop down onto the couch beside me. I don’t look up from the article I’m reading until he clears his throat. I look up and realise that his face is right next to mine. He’s sitting close. Very, very close. Much closer than he was before. I meet his gaze and he smiles softly. 
“I missed you today.” He says quietly. He is so close I can feel his breath as he speaks. I can feel myself starting to flush red. 
“I- I missed you too.” I confess. Bellamy leans in closer, uses a hand to push my hair back behind my shoulders and presses his lips to the side of my throat. 
“I loved coming home to you though.” He murders. I can feel the whisper of his lips against my neck and I can’t help but shiver. My hands sit in my lap clutching my phone uselessly. My fingers are suddenly really sweaty and my mind is blank as I try to formulate a response. I need to say something. Anything. 
1 
“I saw Shaun’s red thread today. It’s my friend Amber.” I blurt out. Bellamy pauses for half a second before continuing to cuddle into my neck and shoulder. His hands winding their way around my waist, lifting me slightly and turning me to face him. 
“Really. That’s interesting.” He comments, his tone mild. 
“You- you don’t sound interested.” I manage to squeak out. Bellamy pulls back from me. enough to be able to see my face. A slight smirk crosses his face. 
“I’m very interested…” he trails off. Leans in and presses his lips to mine. He starts slowly, leaving light kisses on my lips and along my jaw. Somehow I find my phone sipping from my fingers. It makes a light thud as it hits the carpet. With my hands now free they end up on 
1/4 
123–Interested and idiotic 
Bellamy’s shoulders. I’m clutching him so tightly that my fingers hurt. He doesn’t even seem to notice my death grip and takes advantage of the fact that my arms are no longer between us to pull me even closer so I’m practically in his lap with both legs swung out to one side. Bellamy’s attention returns to my lips and he kisses me again. This time it’s so intense I find myself struggling for breath. Bellamy adjusts his hands so that one presses against my lower back, holding me close. The other he twists into the hair at the back of my head and uses it to guide me closer. My mind is struggling to catch up. How did I end up here? I was just trying to tell Bellamy about Shaun and Amber and then- oh shit Amber. She knows about her 
up in and Shaun. Which means she saw me tell Bellamy. Which means she saw… I freeze embarrassment. I can feel anxiety clawing at my stomach. I know I’m not doing anything wrong, but the thought of her seeing this. I feel like I might be sick. Bellamy obviously feels me tense up because he stops and pulls back. He assesses my panicked expression and his pleased expression falls away to be replaced with concern…. And disappointment. He releases. me and I immediately scramble backwards off his lap and tumble into the couch. Bellamy turns to sit straight and awkwardly adjusts the crotch of his pants. The motion makes me cringe. Just how much did Amber see? Bellamy sighs and drops his head into his hands, his elbows resting on his knees. He appears to be taking a few breaths to calm himself. Not a bad idea. I find myself trying to match his breathing. Slowly my heart rate begins to steady. The flush in my cheeks is going to take a bit longer to fade away. 
I realise Bellamy still isn’t looking at me. I open my mouth to apologise and explain why I freaked out all of a sudden but Bellamy speaks first. 
“What did I do wrong?” He asks quietly. He sounds miserable. What the hell? He thinks he did something? Why would he think that? I’m the weird one who gets awkward and overthinks everything! 
“I- No! It wasn’t something you did. I was just thinking and I got embarrassed and…” I trail off helplessly as I realise I don’t know how to explain the issue. Where do I start? I need to tell him how Amber’s visions work. Or maybe more about Oracles first. How much does he know about them? I’m trying to work out what to say when Bellamy speaks again. His voice is practically a monotone and he still doesn’t look at me. 
‘If you just aren’t interested in me… physically you can tell me. I’ll understand if my kisses make you uncomfortable.” He forces out. My mind stalls and I completely lose my train of thought. Wait, what? I know I’m awkward, but where did he get the impression that I’m. unwilling? Or uninterested at least. The longer I stay quiet the lower his shoulders drop. Okay enough of this. I cross my arms and glare at him. 
2/4 
123- Interested and idiotic 
“You’re being an idiot.” I declare. This is enough to get him to sit up and look at me. The baffled expression on his face is pissing me off. Does he really not know why I’m annoyed? 
“You’re being ridiculous. If I wasn’t interested in you that way I wouldn’t let you kiss me. I wouldn’t kiss you back. I wouldn’t sit on your lap or sleep in your bed! Before meeting you I’d 
ever even kissed a guy! Never even considered it! We’ve only been together a few weeks!” I 
throw my words out getting more and more worked up as I go. Annoyed, I turn my back to him and angle myself away from him on the couch. 
Bellamy sits in stunned silence for a moment before he groans and reaches out to me. Placing a hand on my shoulder he speaks. 
“Ry? Sweetheart I’m- I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that. Shouldn’t have even thought it.” He sighs. 
“Please look at me.” he pleads. I don’t want to. If I look at him he’s going to give me big innocent cat eyes and I’m going to forging him immediately and I’m just not done being mad 
yet. How could he even think that? I shrug his hand off my shoulder. The only response I give him is a small shake of my head. 
“Ryann, please.” He begs. I let my shoulders drop and lean forward. My hair covers my face 
like a curtain. 
“Why would you say that?” I force out, my voice small. Shoot I sound like I’m crying. I’m not crying. Am I? My eyes are burning. I wipe at my face and find it wet. Ugh. I hate crying. Stupid Bellamy. This is all his fault. I spend half my time freaking out because I’m so weirdly AWARE of him and I don’t know how to deal with it. I called a stop for what was actually a fairly reasonable reason but he just jumps to conclusions instead of giving me time to gather my thoughts which he very thoroughly scrambled in the first place! 
###Chapter 124
124- Proposal and peril 
Bellamy gets to his feet beside me and I figure he’s going to leave and give me space, maybe go get Megan to calm me down. But no, instead he kneels on the carpet in front of me. 
“Darling please don’t cry.” He reaches out slowly like he’s trying not to spook me and gently tucks my hair back behind my ears and out of my face. 
28 
“I need you to look at me. It doesn’t make it okay but I want to explain so I can apologise properly.” He insists. Finally, slowly, I look up and meet his eyes. He looks panicked and guilty. Already I can’t help but soften towards him. 
“I wasn’t thinking. I came home and I was so excited to see you and you ran to meet me which probably makes my top ten most thrilling moments, all of which involve you by the way, but then I realised you were just relaxing and having a nice time with Shaun and I got jealous that he was able to spend the day with you, which is insane because I’m the one who insisted on it, I know. But it still happened. I wanted to grab you there and then and keep you close and make sure he knows that he can’t have you but I didn’t, because you wouldn’t like that. Then, he finally left and we were alone and I was feeling insecure. I wanted to be close to you and you didn’t seem to be ing.” He pauses and I realise he wants a response. I give a small nod and he continues. 
“You told me that Shaun is meant for Amber and I just felt such a huge sense of relief and you let me pull you closer and it was amazing and I want to be close to you so badly. When you froze I just panicked. I said stupid things because I’m jealous and apparently a little insecure. I was the one who promised you that I am happy to wait for you to be ready, and I 
meant it. I didn’t mean to pressure you. I am really sorry. I won’t do it again.” He promises. sincerely. I burst out in another round of tears and throw myself forward, wrapping my arms. 
around his neck. 
“You’re such an idiot.” I grumble out against his chest and Bellamy lets out a relieved 
chuckle. 
“Yes I am. A jealous idiot.” He agrees. 
“I’ve never even looked at someone else that way. There’s no point.” I remind him as I start to pull back. Bellamy clutches me tightly for a second longer then releases me. I sit up and he 
1/5 
124- Proposal and peril 
takes my hand. 
“You have no idea how happy that makes me.” He admits. 
“You shouldn’t be so jealous.” I chide him. I reach out and run a finger over the red string bracelet I made him. His eyes follow the movement of my hand. He nods. 
“I know. I’ll work on it.” 
“You should just tell me if you are.” I continue to lecture. 
“I will.” He promises. I stare at him a moment longer before relenting. 
“I guess I forgive you then.” Bellamy responds with a gorgeous smile and he kisses my that he’s still holding. 
“Thankyou.” 
“You’re welcome.” I answer primly. I hear a dramatic gasp from the doorway. 
hand 
“Woah, what’s going on here? Oooh wait, Bels are you proposing?” Megan asks in a dramatic voice. I can tell she’s joking… probably? Bellamy looks confused for a moment before he realises that he is still kneeling on the floor in front of me. I just roll my eyes. 
“No Megan, he is not proposing. He’s apologising. I’m pretty sure you should be able to see that I was crying. So don’t be crazy. It is waaaay too soon for a proposal!” I complain. Megan shrugs her shoulders and wanders further into the room. 
“I could see you being mad or crying if he proposed. It’s not that unrealistic. I didn’t say you were ACCEPTING the imaginary proposal.” I glare at her and Bellamy looks a little offended. 
He gets to his feet and returns to his spot beside me on the couch. He wraps an arm around my shoulder and continues to stare at Megan in annoyance. 
“I’m just saying. Now, I’ve ordered takeout for my dinner which should arrive any second now. Before I take it up to my room and vanish for the rest of the night to finish my last few lectures, why were you crying and do I need to yell at Bellamy?” She questions seriously. I 
shake my head. 
2/5 
124- Proposal and peril 
“It’s nothing. Bellamy had a jealous moment and overreacted. We sorted it out.” I promise. Bellamy looks embarrassed but gives a nod of agreement. Megan stares him down for a second then waves at us as she heads to grab her food delivery from the front door. Once she is heading back upstairs, Bellamy groans. 
“I’m starting to see the downside of you being so close with my twin sister. I’m never going to win an argument ever again, and even if I do, I’ll still be wrong! Plus you are definitely going to tell her about all the stupid things you catch me doing. Ugh.” I laugh. 
“Okay maybe a bit. If it helps any, I’ll tell you about the dumb stuff she does as well?” I suggest. He shrugs but looks a little mollified. I’m still giggling a little when Bellamy flashes me a cheeky grin. I narrow my eyes suspiciously. 
“Soo…” He starts. 
“So what?” I ask. 
“So… how long is an appropriate time before a proposal, just for future reference you know. I want to know this timeline you apparently have figured out.” He winks at me and I get all 
flustered. 
“… you… ugh.” I roll my eyes dramatically. 
“I’ll get back to you on that.” I grumble and now it’s Bellamy’s turn to laugh. 
“Sure, if you like.” 
Bellamy and I do an easy dinner with some leftovers from the fridge then find ourselves back upstairs. Bellamy is reading in bed with his free arm wrapped around my waist. I’m leaning on his shoulder and scrolling my phone aimlessly when the group chat goes off. 
COCK TALES 
Harry- Hey ladies. So I suspect the bartender has possibly spelled my drink. I’m taking votes. Do I drink it anyway? Yes or no? 
Harry- She’s probably not trying to kill me, it could be a good spell… maybe. 
3/5 
124- Proposal and peril 
Ryann- Hmm…. I mean, what’s the worst you think she would be willing to do to you, are your willing to risk that? 
Harry–Probably just something embarrassing. It might even be funny. Megan, what do you 
think? 
Harry- Megan… 
Harry- You there? 
Ryann- Megan might not answer, she’s having a study day. No fun allowed. 
Harry- Damn, but we need another opinion. And I notice you didn’t technically say yes or no. 
I contemplate my answer. I think since he likes her he should probably just drink it. As long as he thinks he can trust her it’s probably okay… right? From his description she is more. sassy than vindictive. Who else can we ask? Bellamy maybe? But I don’t think he really wants to talk about Harry’s love life. Oh! What about Amber? I did want to get closer to her. 
COCK TALES 
Ryann- Do you mind if I add my friend Amber to this chat? I think you’ll like her. 
Harry- The more the merrier. Go ahead. 
I’m about to text Amber and ask if she wants to join the chat when I read her last message again. She already told me yes earlier. Awesome. I add her to the group chat. 
###Chapter 125
Strings of Fate 
125–Bashful and blameless 
COCK TALES 
Amber has been added to the group. 
Ryann- Hi Amber. In case you don’t know, this group chat is dedicated to documenting the tales of my friend Harry flirting with this cute bartender chick who is apparently completely uninterested in him. This is particularly entertaining as he is an Incubus and doesn’t usually have to work so hard for a girl’s attention. 
Harry- Hi Ryann’s friend. I want it noted that I am in fact incredibly handsome and ridiculously charming. It’s this girl that’s the strange one. 
Amber- Noted. To avoid confusion, I am an Oracle and sometimes know extra things about the people around me. Don’t ask if I know things, if I tell you anything it’s because I’ve chosen to and no amount of whining will change my mind. <3 
Harry- No spoilers, no problem. Now back to the current issue. Do I drink the spelled drink this woman has given me? 
Amber- I can guarantee it won’t kill you. So I vote yes. And document what happens. Photos and videos are appreciated… unless it’s dirty. Then keep it to yourself! 
Ryann- Well, I guess I’ll vote yes too. It can’t be worse than the intentionally gross drinks she was making you before right? 
Harry- True. Well in that case, bottoms up! 
Ryann- 
Well? 
Amber- OMG 
Harry– 
Amber- This is hilarious! I love this chick! 
1/5 
125- Bashful and blameless 
Ryann- I know right? Harry won’t let us meet her though -_- 
Ryann- What did she give him 
Harry- A silencing spell. I can’t talk. 
Ryann- LOL That is funny. I guess she was sick of your lines. 
Harry- I wasn’t even flirting… much. 
Amber- It won’t last too long. When it wears off tell the bartender chick I owe her a high five 
when we meet. 
Harry- Will do. Since I can’t talk I need to free up my hands… for communication purposes. 
I’ll ttyl ladies. Night! 
Ryann- Night Harry 
Amber- Night dude. Ryann, a reminder. You forgot to tell Bellamy something earlier. My apologies for knowing that…. 
Ryann- 
…. It’s all good. Thanks for the reminder. 
Ryann- And night Megan, for later when you finish your studying and catch up on your 
messages <3 
With a groan I drop my phone and lay my head back on Bellamy’s shoulder. In my anger with Bellamy earlier, I had forgotten how embarrassed I was. Note to self. Avoid intimate situations. when discussing things that are important to Amber. I know she doesn’t intentionally see things and has no control over her visions and I know she would ignore it if she saw something really personal. Still… I know Bellamy and I were just kissing… but I am apparently not keen on the idea of PDA. I think I’m just going to have to accept that Amber might know things I’m not super keen on sharing and trust that she will do her best to respect my privacy. 
Bellamy notices me dropping my phone and he leans down to kiss the top of my head. 
2/5 
125- Bashful and blameless 
“Everything okay?” He asks as he tightens the arm he has around me a little. I can’t help but sigh as I snuggle into his side even more. I turn to hide my face against his shoulder. 
“Yes.” my answer is muffled against him. 
“I was just reminded about what an awkward person I am. I remembered that I forgot to tell you why I freaked out earlier, well… freaked out before you said stupid things at least.” I correct. Bellamy pulls back a little to examine my face. I think he’s trying to work out if I’m still angry. I give a reassuring smile and he relaxes a bit. 
“In that case, let me re–wind and do what I should have done earlier when I realised that you were feeling uncomfortable. Ryann sweetheart, what’s bothering you?” he asks gently and I can’t help but snort out a laugh. 
“Smooth, a little late though. Okay, so you know how Amber is an Oracle?” I start. Bellamy 
nods. 
“Yeah, that was the whole reason you invited her over.” He agrees. 
“What about it?” he questions. 
“Well…she tends to have visions about things related to her but she only knows the things I see with my magic if I say it or write it down or something. Basically she sees things like a movie, she can’t read minds. She knows about her red thread to Shaun which means she saw me telling someone and you’re the only person I intend to actually tell since it would be sort of rude to go around sharing their personal stuff, particularly since Shaun doesn’t know yet. But I wanted to tell you.” Why am I feeling shy? This makes no sense. Ugh. Bellamy however looks delighted. 
“I’m glad you want to tell me.” He grins, then it fades and confusion follows. 
“I’m still not quite sure what this has to do with your fre- discomfort earlier.” He admits. I roll my eyes at his self correction. 
“Amber knows about her thread, which means she had a vision of my telling you. Which means she had a vision of us… and I suddenly felt like we were being watched and got embarrassed. I have no idea how much she actually sees. It would seem that I am not 
3/5 
125- Bashful and blameless 
particularly comfortable with PDA.” I joke. Bellamy lets out a huge breath and shakes his head. He runs his free hand through his hair. 
“Okay, now I feel like even more of a jerk than I did before. I can definitely see how that would make you uncomfortable.” He admits. 
“Don’t feel bad. You didn’t know. You waited until Shaun left, you had no way of knowing that we still had an audience.” I lean back into his side and try to relax. Bellamy sighs and wraps his arms around me again. 
“I know. I still feel bad though. I don’t really care if people see us together, although I admit that taking that situation any further would have been awkward when I have to eventually see your friend.” He considers a moment. 
“I think I might enjoy it a little too much if Shaun were to see us kissing though. Just to make our relationship clear.” he comments and I slap his chest lightly. 
“Don’t act like a caveman. We’ve already been over this.” I lecture. Bellamy laughs. 
“I know, I know.” He smooths a hand over my hair soothingly. 
“Just please don’t get mad again.” He pleads and it’s my turn to laugh. 
“I won’t as long as you’re being honest and mostly reasonable.” I promise. I try to ignore the little twinge of guilt in my chest. I know he agreed to it, but keeping our relationship private clearly isn’t great for Bellamy’s over protective, jealous side. It’s definitely making him feel insecure. It’s strange, he doesn’t seem like the kind of person who would be insecure. He has his whole confident alpha thing going on. But when it comes to me he worries about every little thing. I know it’s because he cares, but that just makes me feel worse. I know exactly what I should do to help him feel secure, but I just can’t bring myself to tell everyone and face all the Shifters. I find myself stroking my fingers over his red string bracelet. Bellamy seems to be reading my mind. 
“It’s really okay. I promise. I know I’ve been a little on edge, and these psychos threatening you hasn’t helped that. None of this has gone quite how I would have planned it. But even so, we’re doing alright. If we can deal with all this, then things will only get better when everything gets settled.” Finally his self assured tone is back and I’m relieved. Still, I need to 
WWW/4/5/6 
say something. 
“I promised this whole keeping on the down low thing 
uldn’t be forever and I do intend to 
keep that promise. I’m working on it. I really am.” I tell him, my voice fading out a little 
towards the end. 
“I know you are. I’ve seen it and you’ve been doing so well at adjusting to a lot of changes in a really short amount of time. This whole situation has been a lot harder on you than it has been on me. I’ve dragged you out of your home; away from your work and away from pretty much every familiar thing. I definitely do not want to push you into anything else before. you’re ready. Besides, the bright side of this being a sort of secret is that at least we know us being together probably isn’t the reason that someone is after you.” he concludes. 
“Wait, but I thought you were insisting before that this was all because of you? It’s not by the way, but why the change of heart?” I question. 
oh I’m 5 pretty sure that all of this is because of our relationship, but not because anyone knows about it. I’ve dragged you into something and somehow that’s offended someone. I don’t know how exactly, but all the trouble you’ve had lately is definitely my responsibility.” I roll my eyes. 
“You say that like I didn’t agree to anything or make any of my own choices. I could have 
ignored you or walked away. I’m just as responsible for my actions as you are for 
yours. Thank you very much! Besides, I’ve already decided to blame whoever the psychos are. This is totally one hundred percent not on us.” I declare loudly, ending the debate. Bellamy gives in with a laugh and I ask him to read to me some more. I fall asleep to the soothing tone of his voice. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
###Chapter 126
Strings of Fate 
126–Meditation and murder 
Over the next week the papers report two. more murders. Both of the victims were women in their twenties with dark hair. Unsurprisingly, with each murder Bellamy became more and more on edge. In fact everyone did. Megan and I stopped going on outings other than the occasional walk around the inside of the Shifter compound with our guards to accompany us. I was alright, honestly I don’t find it all that stressful staying inside for a while, but as a Shifter, Megan has definitely started getting antsy. She wants to go out and run, see people, whatever. Bellamy has also been antsy but aside from absolutely necessary trips, he’s been staying home with us. Actually, he barely lets me out of his sight and when Megan is in her room and not downstairs with us, he checks on her constantly. He has increased security around the compound and checks the locks on the houses doors and windows several times a day. The papers didn’t provide a cause of death, but in his paranoia, Bellamy had Aaron and Alex investigate. Aaron checked the crime scenes while Alex hacked something and got ahold of the official reports. The cause of death in both murders was unknown and suspected as Magical in nature. The coroner couldn’t find a single injury or reason for the deaths, but in both cases there were clear signs of a struggle. Both women died in their homes, but oddly enough from what Aaron reported back, it looked like the women both let the killer in and only began to fight back afterwards. Aaron also reported the same magical scent from the Brooks‘ house and my place. Once Bellamy confirmed that these murders were linked I’m pretty sure that was the last time he left me alone for more than forty seconds. Even when I’m in the shower I can hear him hovering by the door and he knocks every minute or so to check that I’m alright. It’s sweet of him to care, but it’s starting to grind on my nerves a little bit. I’m not used to this much attention and I’m feeling a little claustrophobic. Staying in the house isn’t a problem for me, but I would really like a bit of time to myself every now and then, I did try suggesting this to Bellamy once but the look of fear on his face stopped me in my tracks. It’s not forever and I can deal with it for now. 
I’m still not sleeping well and having dreams about Kiara every night. She is still in her now very ratty pyjamas, she looks thin and almost sick. Her hair is dirty and tangled and the bruise on her cheek is barely improved. It breaks my heart every time I see her. Sometimes she is crying, absolutely bawling her eyes out, and other times she looks like a broken doll. Practically empty inside. Those are the worst moments to see because they make me worry that she’s broken forever, that even if we find her it will be too late and she will never recover. 
During the day I’ve been practising meditating, trying to focus on her and see her on purpose but so far I haven’t had any success. I’ve tried over and over to find this ‘connection‘ that 
Amber swears must exist between us, but I have no idea what I’m even looking for. Maybe if I 
1/4 
126- Meditation and murder 
knew what the connection actually was… but as it is, I’m just focusing on whatever similarities I can find. We’re both orphans now, but I highly doubt that’s the connection. I keep coming back to her eyes, they’re pale, a lot like mine. I find myself meditating and thinking of staring into her eyes and sometimes for half a second I think it’s working, but then… nothing. Maybe I just want it to work so badly that I’m imagining things. I don’t know. 
I’m in the middle of one of my ‘attempting to meditate‘ sessions in Bellamy’s office, trying to tune him out where he is sitting working. He’s quiet but I really do feel like this is something that might work better alone. It’s late morning and I’m getting nowhere so I’m almost relieved when my phone goes off. 
Shaun- Hi! I was wondering if you wanted anything for lunch, I was getting something for myself and thought you might be hungry? 
Hmm… that’s… unusual? Not that he would bring food, he does that pretty regularly. Bellamy has been getting him to pick up take out and groceries for us this week because he isn’t too keen on letting delivery drivers anywhere near the house, just in case that’s how the killers have been getting the women to answer their doors. No, what’s unusual is that he is offering. Usually he waits until Bellamy asks him to get something. 
“Bel, did you ask Shaun to get us lunch?” I ask. He looks up distractedly from his work. 
“No, why? Did you want something?” He grabs his own phone as if to call. 
“No, no. He just messaged me offering to grab food.” I explain. Bellamy’s brow furrows. 
“Why is he offering you food?” He 
spunos 
grumpy and I remember how obsessed he is with 
buying me food. Does he see this as Shaun trying to get in his way? 
“I’m not sure, maybe he wants to ask a favour or something and is trying to get in good?” I suggest. Suddenly I recall what Amber said about giving him her number and my face lights. 
up. 
“Oh! I bet he wants to ask about Amber. She says he hasn’t spoken to her since the day they met, but he has walked past Borderline at least twice this week that she knows of.” Bellamy 
relaxes a bit. 
2/4 
126- Meditation and murder 
“That’s probably it. He can bring lunch if he wants.” He agrees. 
Ryann- Sure, how about Thai? 
Shaun- Done and done. Won’t be long!  
True to his word, Shaun shows up twenty minutes later with an armful of Thai takeout. Honestly he got enough for several people. Way more than was needed. He must be nervous. He hands me the foo 
then hovers awkwardly, obviously hoping for an invitation to join us 
for lunch. 
“Wow, look at all that food. No way we can eat all this alone. Why don’t you stay for lunch?” I 
offer and Shaun jumps on the offer. 
“YES. I mean, yes please Miss Gale, that would be great.” I have to fight the urge to snicker. He’s being kind of adorably awkward. Megan and Bellamy join us in the living room and we all sit down to eat. Shaun is definitely acting weird and it’s not just me who sees it. Megan makes eye contact with me several times throughout the meal and gestures towards Shaun, clear question in her eyes. When we finish eating, Shaun sits, clearly not sure what to do. I notice him glancing at Bellamy and I realise he might be uncomfortable asking in front of 
others. 
“Hey Shaun, can you help me with the dishes?” I ask and he eagerly agrees. Bellamy stands to follow me but I wave him off. He raises an eyebrow but stays where he is. I’ve just started. washing and handed Shaun a towel to dry dishes when finally he speaks. 
“Uh, Miss Gale?” he starts. 
“Yes Shaun?” 
“Well… I um… you remember how I picked up your friend Amber the other day?” YES! He’s going to ask! Finally! I decided to try and make it easier for him. 
“Yeah of course, she mentioned how friendly you were. What about it?” I prompt. 
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
127- Calling and convincing 
He is quiet for a moment, then he pushes his shoulders back and blurts out; 
“I–want–to–ask–her–out–will–you–give–me–her–number–please?” He says it all in one breath waiting. 
and then I’m pretty sure he doesn’t take another one. He’s just holding his breath, 
“Sure.” I agree easily. He drops the towel on the ground in shock. I think he expected me to 
say no. 
“Really? Don’t you need to check with her or something?” He asks doubtfully, like he thinks I might be messing with him. I can’t help but laugh. 
“She already agreed. She told me the day you met that when you got up the nerve to ask for her number, I should give it to you. She’s an Oracle, remember? I’m pretty sure she’s waiting for you to call.” I tell him. His answering grin is blindingly bright. 
“Really?” 
“Yes really. I’ll give it to you as soon as we finish the dishes.” Let me just say, I have never seen someone dry dishes as fast as Shaun is right now. We have the job done in no time and I read out Amber’s number for him to add to his phone. 
“Thanks Miss Gale. Now I just have to get up the nerve to actually call her.” He looks a little 
ill at the thought. 
“She wouldn’t have given you her number if she was going to reject you Shaun. Have a little 
confidence.” 
“She didn’t give me her number, you did!” he s. I shrug. 
“She gave it indirectly. She has been waiting all week. Don’t make her wait too long. Good luck!” A look of grim determination crosses his face and he nods. 
“Right. I’m just going to go do that now. Thanks again.” He leaves in a hurry after that. So much of a hurry that he doesn’t even stop to say goodbye to Megan or Bellamy. I return to 
1/5 
127- Calling and convincing 
the living room and find Bellamy smiling and Megan practically bouncing in her seat. 
“Oh my gosh did that really just happen? Shaun and Amber?” She looks thrilled and I laugh. 
“Yep.” I confirm. 
“That’s so CUTE!” She half squeals. 
“WAIT! Are they fated? I don’t want anyone breaking his heart. Or hers… or anyones.” She rambles. I glance at Bellamy who just shrugs. He doesn’t seem to have an opinion on if I should tell Megan or not. I mean, Amber already knows, but what about Shaun… In the end I decide that Megan doesn’t need the worry right now, particularly regarding her friends‘ romantic relationships. Besides, it’s not like Shaun is making a secret of his intentions. The way any relationship works is that it either ends or it doesn’t. If they’re already choosing a relationship then really all I know is that it won’t end, or that if it does it will start again? It 
doesn’t tell that much. 
“Yeah, they’re fated. Amber knows but Shaun isn’t quite there yet so keep it to yourself for now, yeah?” Megan promises and then skips upstairs to grab her phone so she can text Amber a congratulations. The two have been growing close all week in our group chat. Sure enough, 
a few seconds later my phone vibrates. 
COCK TALES 
Megan- AMBER! Shaun just asked Ry for your number!!! You guys are going to be so CUTE together!!! <3 <3 <3 
Amber- Hahaha, thanks. I can only see a few weeks ahead usually but I think it will 
He’s going to call later tonight and I can’t wait, he’s going to be so awkward about it. It’s adorable. Or it will be adorable at least.  
go 
well. 
Ryann- LOL and people think I have spoilers. He will be lucky if he ever manages to surprise 
you. 
Amber- I’m surprised all the time, I just get surprised early and then I’m not surprised when the actual surprise comes, if that makes sense. 
###Chapter 127
127- Calling and convincing 
Megan- It sort of does actually? 
Harry- Hold up, what am I missing, who is Shaun? Have I met Shaun? Is that the big guy who was guarding the door when we built a blanket fort Ry? 
Ryann- Nah that was Aaron, Shaun is far louder. Oooh we should totally find Aaron’s soulmate next. I REALLY want to know who it will be. He’s so… reserved. It would be fun to 
see someone break that calm. 
Megan- I really can’t picture it. And wait, weren’t you all about not interfering? 
Ryann- Sure, but that doesn’t mean I can’t find out stuff. Just means I have to wait once I do 
know. 
Amber- I know that feeling…. 
Ryann- Poor thing. 
Amber- It could be worse, the things I see are usually only a few days or weeks away, you 
could have to wait years to see the results of what you see. 
Harry- Yeah no kidding, I don’t have that kind of patience. 
Megan- Me neither! 
Bellamy clears his throat to get my attention and I look up with a smile. 
“Hmm?” 
“I was asking if you are planning to try to meditate some more or if you have other plans?” He asks apparently not for the first time. Oops. I can’t repress a deep sigh. 
“I don’t know. I’ve been doing it for days now and I’m not making any progress. I have to be doing something wrong. This just isn’t working, it’s taking too long. We need to find her and we need to find the killers. Aside from the obvious issues of leaving a poor little e 
girl in the hands of psychos, there are a few practical issues to consider too. Like, I’m meant to be going back to work in just a few days. My leave is going to end and I don’t have enough in the way 
3/5 
127- Calling and convincing 
of savings to take the time unpaid.” I groan and bury my face in my hands. I want to go to work, but at the same time it’s not like I’ve missed it. Mostly, I need to work for the most basic reason. Money. Maybe it would be fine? I haven’t received any more threatening letters and as far as I know, no one has attempted to get to me here. Maybe the psychos have moved on and aren’t bothering with me anymore. One look at Bellamy’s face tells me that his thoughts are not along the same lines as mine and I sigh again. Okay, so maybe having the psycho murdering, kidnappers forget about whatever grudge they have against me is just wishful thinking. Still, I only have a few days of leave left. I’m running out of time! Bellamy’s 
face hardens. 
“You are not going back to work.” He says firmly. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Excuse me?” I question, giving him a chance to rephrase that statement into a request or suggestion. He doesn’t take the hint. 
“You’re not going. I can’t let you. It isn’t safe. I just can’t do it.” he insists. 
“Bellamy, it’s not your decision. I haven’t made up my mind either way yet, but you have to know that you can’t make the decision for me. Short of locking me in the hou 
I’m still my 
own person, no matter how much you worry.” Bellamy looks somewhere between very anxious and mildly pissed off. He just stares at me silently, refusing to answer. I decide to cut him a BIT of a break. 
“Look, I haven’t made a decision yet. I know that it isn’t safe and I do intend to take your feelings on the issue into account before I make up my mind. But I fully expect you to take mine into consideration too and to respect the choice I make. You are welcome to try and convince me and to give your reasoning. If you can help me find a way to manage everything without completely screwing my finances and living situation, then I am willing to think. about it. But for now, to end this conversation because you are clearly not in the right frame of mind to discuss it. “I state firmly. 
I’m going 
###Chapter 128
128- Emails and empathy 
Bellamy looks a little shell shocked. I think he still forgets sometimes that he can’t just boss me around and stare at me to get me to cooperate like he does with everyone else. He doesn’t MEAN to be bossy, it just comes naturally to him as a result of everyone expecting him to tell them what to do and then jumping at his orders. After a moment, his eyes drop to the ground 
and he groans out his frustration. 
“I get it. I’ll think on the issue. There’s still a few days. A lot can change in a few days.” He falls silent, then slowly, what I can only describe as a calculating expression slides into place. 
“Actually, if we’re changing the topic. I could use your help with something.” Bellamy switches topics fast enough to give me whiplash. 
“Sure, what do you want help with?” I agree, maybe a little too quickly. I’m still feeling a 
little bad for fighting him so hard when I know he is just worried about me. Bellamy stands from the couch, takes my hand and pulls me up then leads me to his office. 
“Well, since I’ve been filling the role of the female alpha as well as my own role, a lot of the 
Shifters have taken to emailing me their issues, arguments and complaints. I was hoping you. 
would help me go through them?” He asks with a question in his voice. 
“Yeah, I can try and help. Why do they email them though? Are they all non–urgent or are they anonymous or something?” I don’t really get it, emailing seems so impersonal which 
seems odd if they’re asking him to mediate their personal issues. Bellamy just shrugs. 
“I’m not sure, they just started doing it. I think Megan might have suggested it to someone. A lot of Shifters have been sort of forcing the job on her and when they didn’t like her responses she of course told them to talk to me. But apparently not everyone is comfortable talking to me in person? I guess I’m not as approachable. Or maybe they just assume I don’t have the time. I know emails aren’t ideal, but this is what I’ve got right now.” I scrunch up my face. I don’t know, this just seems like the kind of task that should be taken care of face to face. It’s always going to be hard to understand the intricacies of a situation when you can’t see how people react and having to email back and forth to get more information if needed seems like it would drag things out. There must be much better systems than this. Bellamy notices my face and grins. 
1/4 
128- Emails and empathy 
“Hey, if you have a better plan, feel free to take over at any time.” I roll my eyes. 
“No one would listen to me, this is definitely stuck on you.” Bellamy shakes his head. 
“They will listen to you, eventually. If they don’t, it’s only because they don’t know who you are yet. All the Shifters who know you well listen don’t they?” He asks and I kind of stare at the floor awkwardly. He is right that they have been listening to what I ask lately. Still, if they aren’t comfortable talking to Bellamy, why would they want to talk to a stranger like me? I point this out to Bellamy and he disagrees again. 
“It’s already started though, hasn’t it? Shaun came to you for help getting Amber’s number. He never would have asked me something like that. You even noticed that he didn’t want to ask in front of others and took him aside so that he would be more comfortable. I think you’re a lot more approachable than you think. Not to mention you’ll be particularly good at dealing with relationship issues should they arise.” He winks at me and I stare at him in disbelief. 
“Knowing the ending doesn’t make me any good at dealing with relationships. Look how badly I screwed up with us, at least at first.” I point out. 
“That was only because you were freaking out, and I think some part of you knew what you SHOULD have done. I probably overreacted a little too. I think you’ll find it is much easier to give advice than it is to take it. Plus, in more formal issues or full on arguments, the Shifters HAVE to listen to us. So that helps too.” I stare at him doubtfully but he ignores it. 
“Come on, come sit with me and we can go over a couple and see how you feel once you’ve tried. I know emails aren’t great but at least it leaves time to think.” He says optimistically. I think he is definitely trying to make the job sound easier than it is. Trying not to scare me off I guess. Or maybe trying to tempt me into taking over would be more accurate. 
Bellamy sits in his desk chair and waves me over. I stand by his side and he gestures for me to perch myself on his lap. I raise an eyebrow. 
“We’re meant to be working, that does not seem like it would result in good work focus.” I . Bellamy just pulls me down and settles me onto his lap. 
“Sure it will, I’m way more relaxed and focussed when I know exactly where you are. Besides, 
2/4 
128- Emails and empathy 
there are two of us, so twice the focus right?” I turn and give him a look that says I definitely 
think there is something dodgy in that logic, but he’s already opening up his emails. He opens the first one and reads it out to me. It’s written by one of the Shifter women, a mother 
who is concerned that her youngest son still seems to be having some difficulties shifting back and forth. She insists that his older brother was completely comfortable with shifting by 
and she’s worried that something is wrong. The kid is apparently six years old. Well, how the hell am I meant to help with that? I only know the basics about Shifters. How old SHOULD a kid be when they master shifting? I’m about to say as much but Bellamy predicts 
this 
ΠΕ. 
age 
“Don’t stress about details like that. You can always learn that stuff, and in the meantime you have plenty of Shifters you trust well enough to ask for more information. In this case, most Shifter kids start changing from about the time they learn to walk. They often will do it accidentally or partially even. By the time they’re about five or six it usually starts to level out and they get a bit more control over themselves.” He explains. 
“So this kid not having complete control at six is maybe a little late, but not super 
concerning?” I reason. Bellamy nods his agreement. 
“Yeah, that’s what I’ll tell her.” He starts typing out an email. 
*Good afternoon, 
It is not out of the ordinary for a child to have some issues with control over their shift at that age and children develop at different rates. I would not be particularly concerned at this 
time. * 
Bellamy pauses and lets me read it. 
“How’s that?” He asks. I shake my head. 
“It’s kind of harsh.” I confess. Bellamy tilts his head in confusion. 
“How so? I’m telling her not to worry. It’s meant to be reassuring.” He asks. 
“That’s the problem. This woman has had at least one other child. She KNOWS that this is within the range of normal, but she is still worried. Worried enough to try and reach out to 
3/4 
128- Emails and empathy 
the Alpha for help. I guess your answer seems a little… dismissive of her concerns?” I respond. Bellamy contemplates my answer then slowly nods. 
guess I can understand that. What would you write then? Go ahead.” 
###Chapter 129
129-Read and respond 
Bellamy shifts the angle of the keyboard towards me. I look at what he has already written, it’s okay but I adjust it a little and add to it. 
“Good afternoon, 
I’m sorry to hear you are having concerns about your child. It is not out of the ordinary for a child to have some issues with control over their shift at that age and children develop at different rates so based on this alone I would not be particularly concerned at this time. Is there some particular reason or observation you have made that is causing you to worry? 
If it would help ease your mind we could arrange for your child to get a checkup with a doctor to make sure there are no health issues for you to be aware of. Additionally I might suggest finding a mentor to help your son practice. Please let me know if you need assistance arranging this. 
Please keep me updated on your concerns and your child’s future progress. 
“There, how about that?” I ask. Bellamy reads over my shoulder and when he looks back at me he is absolutely beaming. 
“That is about a million times better. I can see why you thought my original answer was harsh now. And you’re right that it would be easy enough to get the kid a check. 
up and set him up with a mentor to help him along. If nothing else, it would help ease the mother’s mind.” I can’t help but blush at his praise. Bellamy signs the email from ‘Alpha Kane‘ and hits send. 
“I really should sign the email from you, you’re the one with the answer. But until you’re ready for that kind of thing, we can just sign all the emails under my name.” he says confidently. Without waiting for my response. Bellamy opens the next email and we get to work. 
Over the next hour we answer maybe a dozen emails. They range from petty arguments about. 
1/5 
129–Read and respond 
‘he said, she said‘ drama, to concerns about income, complaints about businesses in the wider community and their treatment of Shifters to random suggestions for improvements to the compound. One of the newer messages gives me pause however. 
“Good afternoon Alpha Kane, 
It was brought to my attention earlier today that you have been spending far more time than usual at home recently and if you’ll forgive my frankness, you seem a little more high strung than is the norm. No doubt you are working hard as usual, but everyone needs a break every now and then. If you can make some time sometime during the week I would love to take you out to dinner to show my appreciation for all the hard work you do for us. 
I also noticed that you seem to have a long–term house guest. I know how having guests in the home can be stressful and I thought it might be adding to your burden. As such, I would like to offer my own home to your guest as an alternative. If there is anything I can do to relieve your stress in any way, please feel free to call me at any time. 
Respectfully, 
Lauren White. 
I turn to Bellamy as much as I can while sitting on his lap and raise an eyebrow. He’s still reading the message and his cheeks flush a little as he catches up. He groans in frustration. 
“She is definitely offering you sex. Also trying to get rid of me apparently.” I comment. Bellamy hides his face in my neck. 
“You can answer this one, say whatever you like.” He mumbles. I let out a snort of a laugh. 
“Oh no, this one is on you. I’m interested to see how you answer it.” I smirk at him and he 
groans again. 
“Would it be wrong to simply answer with ‘no‘?” he asks and I snicker. 
“Yeah it would be wrong. She doesn’t know you aren’t available, my bad, sorry. So all she’s 
2/5 
129–Read and respond 
really doing is shooting her shot. I can’t exactly blame her.” I point out. Bellamy sighs 
“You’re way too nice, I can’t believe you’re not jealous at all. I’m a little disappointed. actually,” he complains. I roll my eyes. 
“I never said that. I am fairly certain that I want to write something awful and scare her off, but since I’m the one who wants to keep things private, it would be hypocritical of me to complain.” I pause before continuing. 
*I DO want to see how you respond though.” I clarify. Bellamy’s pleased smile makes me itch to poke him in the ribs or something. He’s being all smug. 
“Well, in that case.” He reaches around me to grab the keyboard and leans his chin on my shoulder as he types. 
“Ms White, 
While I appreciate your concern, I assure you I am more than happy with my personal life at this time. Thankyou for your offer of dinner, but I do not need special thanks for fulfilling my responsibilities 
While it may be true that I am staying home more than usual it is due to the fact that I am 
busy, but also because I am enjoying spending time with my house guest who is a close friend of both myself and my sister. I find that when I truly enjoy someone’s company, their 
Presence in my home is in no way a burden, but is in fact a relief in itself. Don’t you agree? Thank you again for your kind offer, but if it were up to me, my houseguest would extend her stay indefinitely. 
Alpha Kane 
“How’s that?” He sits back from the keyboard. I consider what he’s written. I’m not even the one being rejected and reading the emails stings a little. But I can’t bring myself to as I want his rejection to be clear, and it is. I’m not sure about his final comment about wanting me to stay indefinitely though. 
3/5 
129–Read and respond 
“That last comment isn’t exactly going to help keep our relationship under the radar. It might make her more curious about me.” I point out. Bellamy shrugs. 
“They don’t know whose bed you’re sleeping in. As far as everyone knows, you’re a friend of the family. Besides, they can gossip all they like, it’s what we say that matters.” He reminds me. I think about it before agreeing with him. Mostly. Either way, I tell him he can send the reply. I hope this Lauren chick doesn’t actually have real feelings for him. A crush on the Alpha will be forgotten easily enough, real feelings result in heartbreak and anger. 
“I hope this doesn’t upset her too much.” I comment and Bellamy gives a half laugh. 
“Only you would be jealous and worried about the other person so much at the same time. If it helps at all, I barely know her. She can’t possibly have real feelings for me. She is most likely only interested in me because I’m Alpha.” he reassures me. I shrug. 
“I’m sure I can think of a few other possible reasons.” I grumble quietly. Bellamy goes still and I start internally cursing. I should have kept that thought in my head. That is definitely not the type of comment he could bring himself to ignore. 
“Oh really? Tell me, what other reasons might you be thinking of?” his voice purrs out from behind me. Have you ever been stared at by a cat? Usually when that happens you assume they are thinking one of two things. ‘I am going to murder you sometime soon you disgusting human‘ or ‘hi, what’s that? Can I play? Give me attention!‘ That is the impression Bellamy is giving off right now, the attention and playing one, not the murder… But I AM the toy that I’ve accidentally dangled in front of him and he is completely locked on target. Since I am not prepared to have this conversation right now, I leap up from his lap before he has the chance to grab onto me and dash to the door. 
“Too many to say.” I answer before I run off and head upstairs, I can hear Bellamy laughing from behind me. I head straight into the main bathroom where I decide to hide and end up staying at least an hour and having a hot bath. 
###Chapter 130
Strings of Fate 
130- Boss and brush 
my 
In the morning, I wake up early. Probably because I fell asleep fast since I was relaxed from my bath. In my dreams, I mostly watched Kiara sleep so it was mostly peaceful, if sad. The poor thing was shivering all night. Right up until the moment that something startled her awake, annoyingly, her jumping and waking up was enough to startle ME awake. For once, Bellamy is still asleep. His sleep must have been a little restless though because he’s moved off the pillows and seems to be using my stomach as a pillow instead. His arms are wrapped around waist and he’s on a slight diagonal on the bed, his feet so close to the edge they’re nearly hanging off. The blankets are all tangled underneath him, he isn’t covered at all. Well, I’m stuck. Also I didn’t notice how heavy his head was when I was sleeping but now I feel a little crushed. Still, there is no way on this planet that I am moving before he is ready. I’ve seen the shadows under his eyes, he has been sleeping just as badly as I have, which is saying something because sleeping with Bellamy beside me is still the equivalent of a knock out drug. Bellamy doesn’t seem like he’s going to wake anytime soon, so I settle back into the pillows to wait. I wonder if I can reach my phone? I struggle towards the side table for a moment, but no such luck. My phone is just a little out of my reach. Oh well. I relax and lay back. I guess I’ll keep working on my meditating. I close my eyes and focus on Kiara. I actively relax every single one of my muscles until all I can really feel is the warmth of Bellamy lying across my stomach. I slow my breathing and bring images of Kiara to my mind. Once again, I feel close. Like I can almost reach her. But something is missing, some detail that I have wrong or something. That’s the problem. Since I don’t know what I’m missing, I don’t know what it is I need to change, I don’t even know where to start! I’m not sure how long I spend meditating and focusing, but when Bellamy starts to stir, I open my eyes again. I’m surprised to find that my hand has found its way into his hair and I have apparently been running fingers through it for who knows how long. Bellamy’s eyes crack open a little but they soon fall closed again and he snuggles back in. Is he purring? That’s it, I’m officially convinced. Bellamy does actually purr sometimes. It’s adorable. 
“Mmmh, do you think we could just stay like this all day?” Bellamy mumbles and I laugh. I can feel his head being jostled as I laugh. 
“I probably could stay in bed all day, but I suspect that someone would come looking for you sooner or later. Probably sooner.” I point out. Bellamy sighs. 
“Of course they would. Ugh, fine.” With a groan, Bellamy forces himself to sit up. I giggle as he complains. 
1/4 
130- Boss and brush 
“I thought I was the one who hated mornings.” I comment and Bellamy just shrugs and climbs out of bed. He pauses and stretches and I find myself staring. 
“Ryann?” He asks. 
“Huh? What?” Did I miss something? Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“I asked if you wanted to use the bathroom first?” he seems amused. I wave him off, 
“No, you go ahead. I can wait.” He nods and goes about gathering his things together. 
“So, what’s on the agenda for today?” I ask. Bellamy steps into the ensuite and I hear the shower start. 
“I have another Alpha meeting today, at around lunchtime.” Bellamy calls out. 
“Another one? Didn’t you have one not too long ago?” I question. I glance towards the ensuite, not sure that I will be able to hear him through the door and over the shower, except… the door is still open. Not the whole way, but just enough that we can still speak to each other properly. Still… is that weird? I don’t know. It can’t be weirder than him helping me wash my hair so I guess it’s fine, as long as he isn’t worried by it I suppose I won’t stress over it either. 
“That last meeting was an additional meeting called because of their concerns over Tristain’s death and the complaints they received, this is our regularly scheduled meeting. Although it is rather insulting that they feel they have the right to interfere with any of the decisions I make. I don’t interfere with their matters.” He complains. 
“It does seem rather disrespectful of them. Why do they think they can do that?“I wonder aloud. 
“Mostly because I’m the youngest I suspect. They complain I’m inexperienced and that I don’t have a mate, but honestly I suspect that the Canine and Avian Alphas would complain either way. The jokes on them though. I put up with their attitude for now, but one day they’ll push it too far and find themselves being thrown out on their ass.” he says this gleefully and I snicker at the mental image. 
2/4 
130- Boss and brush 
“What about Alpha Kohen?” I continue. 
“Hmmm, he might be a bit big to throw out on his ass. I guess if I need to kick him out it might be more of a team effort. I’ll make the guys do it instead.” he declares and this time I’m full on laughing, 
“No! I mean, does he try to make demands and boss you around?” I question. Bellamy 
chuckles to himself. 
“Not so much, he’s more laid back, and infinitely more useful to talk to. I plan to mention the murders and see if the other Alphas have any ideas, although to be honest I don’t care much 
what the other two have to say.” He admit 
“That’s a good idea. Is the meeting here like last time?” I ask. I might be able to listen in if it 
is. 
“Annoyingly, no. It’s at the Canine Alpha’s place. I did offer to host it again, but he refused, something about me getting too comfortable running the meetings. As if they listen to a word I say anyway.” He grumbles. Ah. I assume he wanted the meeting here so that he could keep an eye on me. He clearly isn’t thrilled to be going out. The water in the shower goes silent. 
“Don’t worry about it too much. I’m sure Aaron will come hang out for a bit.” I reassure him. Bellamy exits the ensuite, a towel hanging low on his hips and I have to repress a squeak. I find myself running into the ensuite to brush my teeth. I swing the door shut behind me and I think I hear Bellamy chuckling to himself. I clean my teeth then glance in the mirror and I’m horrified at the absolute bird’s nest my hair has become. I definitely should have dried it properly before going to bed. I grab my brush and burst out of the bathroom. 
“Bellamy! My hair is an absolute mess! Why didn’t you say anything?” I demand. Bellamy is just pulling a shirt on and he smirks at me. 
“I didn’t notice,” he responds. Liar. He totally noticed. He’s just enjoying laughing at me. 
“In that case you must be BLIND!” I snap at him. He just grins, enjoying my dramatics. He guides me by the shoulders to sit on the edge of the bed then takes my brush from me and begins sorting through my hair for me. He sighs loudly. 
3/4 
130- Boss and brush 
“I wish I didn’t have to go today. I would take you with me, but…” he trails off and I shake my head then instantly regret it when it makes the brush tug in my hair. 
“It’s fine. Aaron will come over and I’ll find a way to stay busy. I’ll spend some time with. Megan probably, maybe work on the whole meditation thing some more. It will be fine.” I 
promise. 
###Chapter 131
131- Agitation and ASMR 
Bellamy heads off to his meeting after we have breakfast, although he grumbles about having to go almost the entire time. Aaron arrived halfway through breakfast but declined to have anything to eat. I’m not sure if he was just trying to be polite or something though because as soon as Bellamy leaves he begins making himself a snack in the kitchen. I perch on one of the kitchen barstools and rest my head on my hands, swinging my feet since they don’t reach 
the floor. 
“You know you could have just eaten when I offered you food the first time.” I point out. Aaron just shrugs. Right, okay then. Well, at least Aaron is a little less paranoid than Bellamy, I can probably get a little bit of time and space to myself for once. I was originally planning to hang out with Megan, but now I’m thinking that chilling and maybe messing around on my laptop watching a movie or something would be better. 
“I’m just running upstairs to grab my laptop and earphones, I’ll be straight back down.” I promise and Aaron nods his understanding. Yep, Aaron might be a giant, but if I curl up in a corner I’m fairly sure that I can pretend he doesn’t exist. 
Five minutes later, I’m curled up on the couch with my laptop and a blanket. I put a movie on, but I minimise it to take up only a tiny corner of the screen and I find myself scrolling through internet posts and junk news stories. Basically, mindless scrolling. Aaron seems to pick up on my I–want–to–be–alone vibes because he doesn’t try to interact with me. He just sits himself on the furthest available couch and relaxes, reading something on his phone. I accomplish absolutely nothing, but I can’t bring myself to care because it’s just so peaceful and I think I needed the break. I mean, I’ve not been working and I have spent half my time sitting around meditating, but sitting, clearing my mind and focusing is a different type of relaxed to just letting my mind wander and do whatever it wants without worrying about any particular goal. Considering I have spent almost two weeks with no work and no real responsibilities, I don’t feel particularly rested. I’ve been too stressed out, not to mention sleeping poorly. 
I am blissfully relaxed and if I’m honest, halfway to sleeping when the front door slamming scares me awake. Aaron leaps to his feet on high alert but relaxes as Bellamy comes storming into the room, although only a little. I notice he doesn’t sit back down and he keeps his shoulders held stiffly back and up straight in an almost military fashion. Bellamy barely seems to notice him and he heads straight to me. In a movement so fast I barely know what 
1/4 
131- Agitation and ASMR 
Aaron 
happened, my laptop is tossed to the other end of the couch and Bellamy has me scooped up, blanket and all into his arms and is hugging me tightly. Over his shoulder, I can see gesturing towards the front door and I shoot him a thumbs up. He nods and exits in his usual silent manner. Bellamy still doesn’t say anything, just clutches me to his chest like some kind of oversized teddy bear while he swaps from side to side a little in what seems like a self soothing kind of motion. My feet are literally not touching the floor and my arms are pinned to my sides so I’m pretty helpless, just hanging there waiting for Bellamy to work through whatever he’s struggling with. 
“Uhm, Bels? Are you okay?” I ask softly. He sighs and moves, I think he’s about to put met down, but instead he just lowers himself to the couch where I was sitting and settles me into his lap. 
“Is this alright?” he confirms and I nod my approval. 
“Yeah, I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. What’s bothering you? Did something happen at the 
meeting?” I question. Bellamy lets out a low growl. 
“No, nothing happened at the damn meeting because the other Alphas don’t CARE. I brought 
up the murders and the kidnapping and though Kohen expressed some sympathy, the others. were completely uninterested. They didn’t even KNOW about them. When I asked how they could be unaware of something that is causing fear all throughout the town they just 
shrugged me off and said that no Shifters have been killed so it doesn’t affect us, as if we 
don’t live in this city!” Bellamy sounds incredibly pissed off, and I get it. I do know what they 
mean that it doesn’t directly affect them, but that doesn’t mean that it won’t and it doesn’t mean that all the young female Shifters aren’t afraid to go anywhere alone under current 
circumstances. 
“That’s a little naive of them.” I comment and Bellamy nods his agreement. 
“But that’s not all. To show that there is some relevance to Shifters, I mentioned how you who are a personal friend of myself and Megan have been directly threatened even though you were already under my protection, and the damn Avian Alpha just told me that if I can’t protect you properly, I should ‘let things be‘ and if you have offended someone that I should let you ‘deal with the consequences‘, like it isn’t in any way related to me!” Aaaah okay, now I see why he’s so angry. Not only did they basically tell him to abandon me, but they also implied that he is incapable of keeping me safe. That would definitely rub his fur the wrong way. No wonder he grabbed me the moment he got home. I’d be annoyed too. In fact I find 
2/4 
131- Agitation and ASMR 
that I am annoyed. 
“Well they’re idiots and clearly not worth your time. I know that you can and will keep me safe, and that’s all that matters.” I assure him. 
“If they don’t care about the city they live in then that’s just because they’re not as good an Alpha as you.” Bellamy gives me a weak smile, then closes his eyes and takes several deep breaths. He releases the last one then speaks. 
“Tell me something.” he says bluntly. I blink in confusion. 
“Uh, like what?” I ask. 
“I don’t know. Anything. What have you been doing?” he clarifies. I shrug. 
“Not a lot, mostly I’ve been sitting here watching movies on my laptop.” I point at the discarded device. Bellamy tilts his head in confusion and I see his eyes dart to the large, fancy 
television that I didn’t use. 
“Why the laptop? There’s a perfectly good TV right here. Do you not know how to set it up? Megan would have helped you.” He points out and I laugh. 
“No, no. I know how to use it. I just wanted to sit with my laptop. It’s a different kind of feeling, sitting with it on my lap, watching without everyone else being able to see what I’m looking at. Not even looking at anything specific. Just doing whatever feels right. It’s relaxing.” I explain. Bellamy doesn’t seem to get it so I lean over and grab my laptop. I put one earphone in my ear and hand him the other one. He follows suit. I hit play on the last video I was watching. Some soothing art restoration and cleaning video. When that’s finished I cue up a video of someone cleaning out a hoarders house and settle in. 
###Chapter 132
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
132- Internet and instruments 
After about an hour I can see that the tension has left him and he now looks almost sleepy, kind of like I was before he came home upset. I’m glad my relaxing videos worked for him too, I don’t know what kind of other stuff he might find soothing. To be fair, it could also be that he is curled up on the couch with me and it’s really comfortable. It’s hard to stay angry in a position like this. I swap to the internet browser and ask Bellamy what helps him feel relaxed. He pushes my hands aside to type in; 
Ryann Gale. 
1 laugh and hit search. Not a lot comes up. There’s a reference to me in some school news bulletin from several years ago before I graduated. Some links to my social media, but it’s mostly set to private so you can’t see much. 
“I’ve searched you before.” Bellamy admits. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Really? When?” I ask. 
“Not long after we met. I was curious about you. Just like now, it didn’t give much in the way of results. I was almost desperate enough to ask Alex to look into you, but I decided against it. It seemed like it might be a breach of privacy, and I was kind of hoping you might share more about yourself on your own, If I could only bring myself to actually ask about you.” He confesses. I feel a rush of appreciation for his self control.. 
“Thanks for that. If there’s something you want to know, you can definitely just ask me. Okay?” I confirm and Bellamy nods his agreement. It’s awkward and quiet so I decide to type his name into the search bar next. I giggle at the huge amount of results that come back. As the Feline Alpha he’s pretty well known and his actions fairly regularly make the papers and such. There are also pictures of him linked to several of his businesses and so on. There are also some more depressing news articles about his parents passing that I flick past quickly. In the end, I flip it to an image search to see what comes up. There aren’t many pictures of him in his cat form. Probably because he doesn’t go walking around town like that and people aren’t meant to come onto the Shifter land. One picture in particular catches my attention, mostly because I’m in it. It’s from Megan’s engagement party and it captures the moment when he was holding my shoe hostage, just before we danced together. It’s on someone’s social media but the account is mostly private so I can’t see more than that. I can’t help but 
1/3 
132- Internet and instruments 
cringe. I look like a child, even in my fancy dress, Bickering with Bellamy like a little kid, a look of pure outrage on my face. Bellamy’s face is only half–visible in the photo but despite that, I can tell that his expression is positively gleeful. 
“Oooh, save that and send it to me!” Bellamy demands and I scrunch up my face. 
“No way, I was hoping to find a way to erase it.” I grumble. Bellamy looks aghast. 
“But why? You look adorable, and it’s not like I have tons of other photos of us.” He s. I roll my eyes. 
“Surely there has to be a better photo than that!” I complain. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’m not sure. A lot of people took photos at the party, but after the spectacle of a wedding…. well not a lot of people have shared them or come forward with them. Additionally since very few people know who you are, they won’t have tagged you. I have accounts set up, but I don’t really use social media much because too many people bother me on it or read into the things I write. I have to think things through too much,” He admits. I shrug. 
“I never used it much because I didn’t have much in the way of friends to keep up with, I’m contemplating using it more in the future.” I think aloud and Bellamy nods. 
“You should. I bet you would find yourself with more friends than you expect.” 
“Maybe. Next time you get a chance, make sure to friend me okay?” Bellamy agrees happily, his eyes still locked on the photo of us together. His 
calculating. I narrow 
my eyes. 
pouts. 
“No, you can’t have this photo.” I repeat and Bellamy 
“But I want a photo of us.” He practically whines. I roll my eyes and grab my phone out. 
“Smile.” I sing out and snap a selfie off the two of us. 
“Now a silly face.” I continue. Bellamy and I take a silly photo together. 
“And now-” I’m cut off by Bellamy taking the phone from me. He presses his lips to my cheek 
and I can hear a clicking sound as he snaps a picture. 
2/3 
132- Internet and instruments 
“Hey I wasn’t ready!” I complain and Bellamy just laughs. I hear his own phone chime in hist pocket and I assume he sent the photos to himself. I snatch my phone back to check the pictures. The first two are okay. That last one though… Bellamy looks incredibly sweet, and 1 look… bewildered. Great, ugh. I can’t be bothered arguing because from the way Bellamy is beaming, there’s no way he’s getting rid of the photo. On the bright side, he’s cheered up 
and 
no longer looks like he wants to go fight someone. So that’s good at least. 
My 
thoughts fade back to Kiara. She has no family left, and at this point the police are barely looking for her, they have pretty much assumed her dead or sold off somewhere. But I KNOW she’s alive, and somehow I know she’s also still somewhere nearby. But people are moving on, like she never even existed. It’s awful. I’m not even thinking, It’s almost against my own will, I type Kiara Brooks into the computer search bar. I hesitate before hitting search, not sure 1 even want to see the results. Bellamy learns forward and hits search for me. Apparently I’m not the only one who is morbidly curious. The first few posts are all recent news articles. I skip past them, not interested, I just want to see something else, anything that proves she has a life waiting for her when we find her. I find a link to a school bulletin and select it. She was given an award last year for music. She plays the violin. There’s a photo from a school recital, Kiara’s face is serious and her brows pulled together in focus. Her blonde hair is pulled back away from her face and she is clearly concentrating. Her posture is confident and she looks far more confident handling the instrument than I would expect any child to look. But it’s not the violin she’s holding that has me riveted. No, she is wearing a white sundress. It’s an adorable outfit, all lace and flowers. But what this dress makes me realise is that this is the first picture I’ve seen of her wearing short sleeves. Sure, that doesn’t seem like much of a big deal, but it is, because I can see the mark weaving around her upper arm, and for the first time in my life, I have found a mark that is just like mine. 
###Chapter 133
133- Food and freak–outs 
My jaw drops open and I turn to Bellamy to see if he is as flabbergasted as I am. He looks mildly surprised, but nowhere near as shocked as I am. I suppose the difference is that he hasn’t spent his whole life wondering about the mark, he’s only been curious about it for a few months. He hasn’t invested anything close to the amount of time and energy I have put into trying to work out what the hell my stupidly unique mark is meant to mean. 
“It- it’s the same as mine!” I stutter out. Bellamy leans in closer to examine the picture. 
“You’re right, it is fairly similar.” He observes mildly. I let out an irritated breath, how can he 
not see what a big deal this is? 
“Similar? They’re practically identical!” I . 
“Not quite. The threads on her arm twist in a slightly different pattern to yours. Admittedly, you might not notice the difference unless you were comparing the two.” He clarifies. I shove my sleeve up and stare at my arm. He’s right. How is it that he has my mark memorised more clearly than I do? Before I can ask, Bellamy predicts my question. 
“I spend more time looking at you than you spend looking at yourself it would seem.” he grins. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Not sure if that’s sweet or creepy.” I comment. 
“It was intended to be sweet.” He flushes and I swear he looks a little embarrassed. 
“Okay, okay, it’s sweet then. But back on topic, slight differences or not, Kiara’s mark is incredibly similar to mine. Closer than any other I’ve seen. There has to be some connection. there. Maybe her mark is actually identifiable! I might get some real answers. Not to mention it might explain why I keep dreaming about a girl I’ve never met.” Finally, some real, definable connection between the two of us. Something I can actually investigate. 
“I can’t believe that there has been someone with a mark so similar to mine living so close to me all this time and I never realised! Her mark might be registered. I haven’t thought to 
.i 
check in over ten years. I stopped actively searching for answers as a teenager when I realised 
1/5 
133- Food and freak–outs 
I wasn’t getting anywhere. Plus requesting information from the registration office costs money that I definitely didn’t have. I figured I should prioritise saving to be able to afford to support myself when I turned eighteen.” I add. Bellamy nods his understanding. Somehow during this conversation I’ve twisted and readjusted on his lap so that instead of sitting with him directly behind me, I’m sitting sideways with my back against the arm of the couch and Bellamy to my side with his back against the actual seat. Actually, his legs have got to be falling asleep or be num or something by now surely? I’ve been sitting here for ages. Even I’m getting stiff and I don’t have an entire person in my lap. 
I leap up out of Bellamy’s lap and sure enough, he begins stretching out his legs and arms. I roll my eyes. 
“You could have said something if you were uncomfortable.” I point out. He just shrugs. 
“I wasn’t uncomfortable.” He says simply. Unable to concentrate due to my excitement I just accept it and move on. I begin pacing the living room in haphazard circles. I even trip over a couple times. I suddenly feel like I have a heap of excess energy and I don’t quite know where to aim it. On the third time I trip over, Bellamy gets to his feet and catches me, steadying me by my arms, but also preventing me from pacing any further. 
“You’re freaking out.” He observes. 
“Of course I’m freaking out! I’ve been waiting my whole life for this kind of clue. Not to mention it might explain why the psycho’s are after both myself and Kiara, there IS something that we have in common. Why aren’t you freaking out more?” I demand. Bellamy 
chuckles. 
“Well we can’t both be freaking out, and I had my turn today already.” He jokes. I just roll my 
eyes again. 
“We will put in a request with the registration office first thing tomorrow. There really isn’t much we can do right this second.” Bellamy reasons. I groan in frustration. I’ve been waiting 
years and now I have to wait again? It’s so annoying. 
for v 
“Come on, I’m sure we can find a way to keep you busy until morning.” Bellamy winks at me and I glare. He just laughs and leads me to the kitchen. 
2/5 
133- Food and freak–outs 
“Time for another attempt at cooking dinner together I think.” He opens the fridge and 
stands there staring at the contents. I wait… and wait… then wait some more. 
“Uh, Bellamy?” I question. 
“I’m trying okay, I didn’t decide what to make before coming in here and now that I’m at the fridge I am just mentally blanking on literally every meal I have ever eaten.” He says this in complete seriousness and for some reason I find it hysterically funny. Maybe because Bellamy is so in control all the time, then it comes time to pick something to eat and he’s just completely stalled. I peer around his shoulder to check out the contents of the freezer. 
“What about lasagna?” I suggest. He considers. 
“Didn’t we cook pasta last time though?” He reminds me. I shrug. 
“I don’t know, maybe. But pasta is easy and neither of us are experts. Maybe we should start a book or list of recipes to try or something?” Bellamy nods his agreement. 
“We definitely should. But I suppose for now, lasagna works.” He starts grabbing ingredients 
and we get to work. 
Well, our lasagna turned out edible. The edges were weirdly crunchy though, I’m not sure if 
that means we under or over–cooked it. Maybe both? Can it even be both? I don’t know. 
Either way we eat without complaint and when Megan joins us to eat she doesn’t comment, although I do notice she cuts the dry edge off and avoids it. Well, whatever. At least we tried. After dinner, Bellamy and I head back up to his room. I’m weirdly tired for someone who basically did nothing all day. I spend a few minutes trying to meditate and think of Kiara, but I’m still too wired from realising we have similar marks. I can’t relax well enough to even get close to clearing my thoughts. I give up pretty fast, knowing that I’m wasting my time trying. My phone vibrates and I’m thrilled to have a reason to stop trying to relax. 
COCK TALES 
Megan- So Harry, any entertaining stories for us tonight? 
Amber- He’s sulking I bet. She took tonight off. 
3/5 
133- Food and freak–outs 
Harry- IF YOU KNEW THAT WHY DIDN’T YOU TELL ME BEFORE I WENT THERE 
Amber- If you didn’t go there, I wouldn’t have had a vision of you going there and finding out 
she isn’t there. I found out too late either way. 
Ryann- Besides, you go there pretty much every night. It would be weird if you didn’t show just because she isn’t in. 
Harry— Whatever 
Megan- Why wasn’t she in? Did anyone tell you? 
Harry- No one would tell me anything. 
Ryann- That’s pretty standard. I wouldn’t tell some guy about my coworker’s life or schedule 
either. 
Megan- She’s probably sick or something. 
Harry-… You think she’s sick?! 
Megan- She could be? 
Harry- I should check on her. 
Amber- Wait for it… 
Ryann-  
Harry- DAMN IT I forgot that I don’t have her number… or address. She won’t tell me. I have 
no way to contact her. 
Megan- Oh 
Ryann- Oh 
4/5 
133- Food and freak–outs 
Amber- Yup 
Ryann- Sorry Harry, I’m sure she’s fine. Don’t worry too much. 
After I’m done chatting with everyone, I curl up at Bellamy’s side. It takes a while for me to sleep since I’m so wound up, but Bellamy’s constant breathing and his hand stroking soothing lines over my back soon lulls me to sleep.. 
###Chapter 134
134- Relevance and registration 
Bellamy’s alarm screeching wakes me up in a hurry. Okay, so maybe it isn’t actually. screeching, but it feels like it is. I lie still for a moment as Bellamy wakes up and scrunch up my eye 
eyes. I wonder if I can reach his alarm from here… and break it. Why did we set it so early again? We had something on… we were going to- I bolt upright. That’s it, we’re going to contact the registration office to find out if Kiara is registered as anything identifiable. We’re going to find out how she’s linked to me! All at once, I’m not so sleepy anymore. Beside me, Bellamy reaches to turn off the alarm, and chuckles at my sudden wakefulness. He himself still looks a bit drowsy. He reaches out and pulls me back down beside him. I let him pull me down, but make a slight noise of protest. We have an important task to do! 
“The registration office won’t even be open for at least another half an hour. We have time.” He soothes. My eyebrows furrow. 
“Wait, then why is the alarm set for now? It’s not like we have to travel in. We can submit the application online and confirm it over the phone.” I remind him. 
“I figured if I woke us up a little early, we would have time to relax in bed before getting up.” He explains. Well… I can’t decide if I want to kiss him or shoot him for that. I mean…. mornings are terrible, but also waking up to this maybe isn’t so bad… Giving in, I cuddle into him and force myself to slow down and relax. Bellamy is basically purring again. After a few minutes, he leans down and I can tell he’s about to kiss me, except he suddenly changes. angle and presses his lips into my hair instead. Oh, okay… I guess I misread that. That’s… fine 
I guess. 
Once we sort of reluctantly get up and get ready for the day, we head straight to Bellamy’s office and I lean over his shoulder and watch anxiously as he fills in the online request form for the registration office. I wanted to go in person to ask. There’s every chance that the office will reject our request for information, they don’t HAVE to hand it over, and we are asking for information on a child that we have no connection to. Most of the time these registration checks are done by employers or police. Sure, anyone can APPLY for the information, but it’s up to the people at the office to decide if they want to hand it over or not. I’m hoping they’ll agree to give it to us for the purpose of identifying my own mark. There’s nothing the office hates more than an unknown magic. Not because they dislike me personally, but because they seem to take it as a personal attack that they can’t identify me. Bellamy finishes the form, including all the details we have about Kiara as well as the photo that shows her mark, just in 
1/5/ 
134- Relevance and registration. 
case. He submits it and it sends an automatic response email which states that we can expect 
a phone call in the next couple hours to verify my identity and to confirm my reasons for requesting the information. It sounds like a complicated process, but actually they just have a 
Seer check into my name, then have someone call me to make sure the information I provided matches what the Seer learned. It’s fairly straightforward. Since Bellamy put my number on the form, I clutch my phone, unwilling to put it down and risk missing the call. I fully intended to curl up on my recliner in Bellamy’s office and stare at my phone until the call comes through, but Bellamy drags me to the kitchen, sits me down and insists on us having breakfast. I’m weirdly nervous, so I agree, but only have a couple slices of buttered toast. Nothing too complicated. Bellamy makes himself eggs on toast for something a little 
more substantial. 
I have just finished eating when my phone rings. I scramble to answer it. Yes! It’s been less than half an hour. I knew submitting the form early was the right thing to do. First in, first 
served and all that. 
“Good morning.” I answer the phone. 
“Good morning, is this Ryann Gale?” a male voice asks. 
“Yes it is.” I confirm. 
“Right, well my name is Joshua and I am calling from the Magic Registration Office. I believe you submitted a request for information about an individual earlier this morning?” 
“Yes. About Kiara Brooks.” I clarify. 
“Yes exactly, so first I just want to ask a few questions to verify your identity. First, can you tell me your own registration marker please?” 
“I register as human but with an unknown magic.” I respond. 
“Okay, and can you confirm your current residence, it doesn’t appear to match what we have on file.” He explains. 
“Oh, yes. I am staying with my fr- my partner at the moment. It’s a recent change. I haven’t completely finished moving yet and I am still maintaining my other place.” I tell him. Bellamy 
2/5 
grins, I think it was because I referred to him as my partner. I shrug. There’s no point trying to hide it on this phone call. It’s confidential, but also a Seer would likely know if I was lying and it could ruin my verification. I can hear Joshua typing something into a computer. 
“Alright, and your partner is?” 
“Bellamy Kane.” 
“Alpha Kane?” He clarifies. 
“Yes.” I confirm. He pauses a second and seems a little confused but doesn’t say anything. 
“Right… so that should cover the verification. Now I need to know why you are requesting information about this particular child. It is a bit unusual and we are especially careful when giving out information about children.” He reminds me. 
“I understand and respect that. I believe the information may be relevant to identifying own type of magic. I recently saw a photo of her and her mark is incredibly similar to mine. Not quite the same, but close enough that it is likely there is some kind of connection. I thought if she is registered, it might lead to information about myself which I can then. register properly with the MRO. I have also been having dreams about Kiara Brooks which imply some kind of deeper magical connection as secondary evidence that her magic is related to mine in some way.” I explain. 
“Ah, so in short, you are hoping to learn more about your own particular brand of magic by investigating those with similar types.” 
“Yes exactly.” 
“Easy, I believe that reason should be accepted. The MRO does like to prioritise identifying unknown magics whenever possible and you have not expressed anything that would concern me as to your potential uses for the information.” 
“That’s… that’s so great. So when will I be able to get the details?” I ask. 
“Well… the usual wait is five to eight business days.” He starts and I have to repress a groan. 
3/5 
134- Relevance and registration 
“Really? That long? Is there any way to get it faster?” I question. Joshua hesitates. 
“Well… as a private citizen, no there isn’t. But… may I ask…is your relationship with the 
Feline Alpha a… long term commitment? Because an Alpha would be able to expedite the process. Since they’re responsible for so many people, their requests are usually prioritised.” He explains. 
“Oh, well in that case can I resubmit the form under his name?” I suggest. 
“I… wouldn’t. It might not be approved, a grown man requesting information on a child he isn’t related to in any way, well. If you were married he might be able to use your relationship with the girl as justification but at this time I doubt the form would be approved.” Oh… well this sucks. I don’t want to have to wait a whole week, maybe even closer to two weeks. Bellamy holds his hand out and after a second of staring, I realise he wants the phone. I hand it to him, confused. 
“Good morning, this is Bellamy Kane. How much can an Alpha can expedite the request process?” He demands, his tone is polite but it’s pretty clear he expects an answer. I can’t hear Joshua on the other end, unlike Bellamy I don’t have super Shifter hearing. I squirm in my seat, wondering what Bellamy is doing. 
“Right, well in that case you can go ahead and register Ryann Gale as the female Feline Alpha. I will sign off on the registration change.” He states firmly and my jaw drops. Change my registration to what now? 
“Yes, I will complete the verification process.” Bellamy answers a few questions over the phone. 
“That’s not a problem, I will submit the official form shortly with those departments. Yes, you can transfer the call.” Bellamy waits quietly a minute then answers a few more questions to 
someone new. 
“Great, thanks.” he hangs up the phone. 
“Congratulations, you’re now registered as the female Feline Alpha. Also you should have 
your information in twenty–four to forty eight hours.“
###Chapter 135
Strings of Fate 
135–Charge and control 
I cross 
ross my arms a 
and stare at Bellamy in a combination of irritation and bewilderment. He looks pleased with himself and I don’t think he’s noticed that something is off yet. 
“What the hell Bellamy!” I complain, may as well make it clear since he’s being a little. oblivious. He seems a little stunned. 
“What’s wrong? I thought you would be happy you’ll be getting some answers soon.” He asks, his head tilted to the side and an innocent expression on his face. Does he really not realise what he just did? Also why is his puzzled expression cute? That’s not fair! It makes it really hard to be annoyed with him. 
“You… you just registered me… as… well, you know!” I stammer out. Why do I feel like half of my arguments with Bellamy circle back to him making a decision without my input and me ing. Not to mention he usually seems to get his way too. I’m sick of having the same. argument over and over again. We really need to figure this out. 
“I just wanted you to get the information faster. The position is yours and you’ve said you intend to accept it eventually, what’s the harm in submitting the paperwork a little early? It’s not like anyone else KNOWS about it. Nothing has to change.“He tries to reason. I let out a deep sigh of exasperation. He just doesn’t get it. I notice him pat down his pocket, his phone. is ringing but he ignores it. 
“I know all that and I agree that you’re right. The problem is that you didn’t talk to me first. You made the decision all on your own. Can you really promise me that registering me as the female Feline Alpha won’t have ANY impact on my life?” I demand. Bellamy hesitates and I spend a moment cursing the piercing sound of his ringtone. Bellamy lets out a defeated sigh. 
“Well… there is one thing, but. it’s not likely to happen!” He insists. I just glare at him and 
wait. 
“If something were to…. happen to me, if I were to die or went missing or something, I suppose that technically you would be legally the one who would take over the pack…” he trails off, watching my face closely for signs of how I’m reacting to this news. I think he is expecting me to yell, but I just can’t. I don’t have the energy. 
1/3 
135–Charge and control 
“Just answer your damn phone.” I mutter in disgust. I then turn and storm up the stairs. ignoring his stammered ions and into his room where I close the door and collapse into the bed. That might be a little unfair because I know it is his bedroom, but I have nowhere else to go. He can go stay in his office or something, I need a break from him. 
About twenty minutes later, I hear his soft knock on the door. I hide my head under the blankets and ignore it. I hear the door crack open. 
“Ryann? Can we talk for a minute?” He asks tentatively. I just don’t answer him. He waits a 
moment then sighs. 
“Okay, that’s fine. You don’t have to talk to me right now. A Shifter has called and requested my assistance for a little bit. I should only be out for an hour or so, but I won’t be here so you don’t need to keep hiding. Darrien and Aaron are here if you need anything. I- I’ll talk to you. later okay?” He goes to leave then pauses. 
“I really didn’t mean to upset you.” He adds before leaving. I just sigh into the pillows. I KNOW he didn’t mean to upset me, he never does, but it just keeps happening. I might be struggling with this relationship and keeping things going slow, but he doesn’t have it all figured out either. My phone vibrates on the bed beside me. 
Megan- I have a ‘client interview‘ video assignment to work on, Darrien has volunteered to be my fake client. If you need anything for the next hour or so please just text first so we can pause the recording. Thanks <3 
Right… so it will just be Aaron downstairs right now. That doesn’t seem so bad, at least he won’t force me into conversation or many any unwanted observations. Or as least if he does he won’t verbalise them.Since lying in Bellamy’s bed surrounded by his scent and my own. thoughts isn’t helping, I decide to head downstairs. I find Aaron sitting on the couch in the living room reading. He looks up, gives me a critical once over and then nods a greeting. The only sign that he might have noticed my distress is that he appears to be watching me from the corner of his eye while reading. I find myself pacing circles of the room while heaving out sighs. How is it that by saying absolutely nothing, Aaron has still managed to make me feel pressured to speak? He isn’t even LOOKING at me. Ugh, I swear silence is his superpower, and he uses it well. I manage to hold my tongue for about five more minutes before blurting out. 
“Bellamy registered me as female Alpha with the MRO.” I pause my pacing to glance at 
2/3 
135- Charge and control 
Aaron. he looks up from his book, nods his acknowledgement of my announcement, then returns to reading. Well, that wasn’t very satisfying. I continue pacing. I’m just filled up with irritation and excess energy. I groan and roll my eyes. 
“You don’t get it, he did it without even ASKING me, he always does that. It’s not right that he feels like he gets to be in charge of everything all the time, he’s not the boss of me. I can make decisions too!” I complain. This time, I don’t bother stopping to see how Aaron reacts, I don’t really expect much of a response, which is why I freeze when he speaks. 
“If you want to take charge sometimes, stop asking and just do it.” He says in his low voice, so softly that I nearly miss it. I throw my arms up in frustration. 
“I don’t WANT to make all the decisions on my own, I WANT Bellamy and I to make decisions together. He’s the one who keeps doing things on his own.” I . But wait, maybe that’s what he needs. I’ve been trying to be respectful of his position of authority and his desire to keep me safe. I don’t think he realises just how often I’m compromising or even just keeping my mouth shut and letting him have his way. Maybe I need to do as Aaron suggested and stop worrying about what he wants so much that he realises that compromise has to go both 
ways. If he wants me to consult him when I make decisions, then he needs to learn to do the 
same. Okay, so I have a point to make. but how to start. I have an idea. 
“Aaron I want to go out, let’s go for a walk, just around inside the compound so it’ll be safe enough. I think I have some energy to burn.” I declare. Aaron looks at me speculatively and for a second I think he’s going to refuse. But finally, he places his book on the seat beside him, smoothly gets to his feet and nods. 
“Of course Miss Gale.” 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
67 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 136
136- Cheeks and cheating 
Ten minutes later, I find myself walking outside with my arm looped loosely around Aaron’s. It has been a little overcast all day, but it’s like the universe is sensing my mood and doing it’s best to combat it because the clouds cleared up practically the moment we stepped outside and now it’s pleasantly sunny. Although I am starting to wish I had a pair of sunglasses with me. Aaron is wearing some and I’m kind of jealous. I’m still mad at Bellamy, but going for a walk was definitely the right choice. I’ve been cooped up for nearly two weeks and the fresh air is everything I didn’t know I’ve been missing. We stay within the boundaries of the Shifter compound, I’m exercising my independence, not trying to get myself killed. We wander aimlessly, often passing Shifters, some of whom wave at me or greet us. I vaguely remember meeting some of them during my tour of the compound with Megan and while we’ve been hanging out. From my understanding, not all the feline Shifters live here, but most of the smaller family groups tend to gather here. Safe in their pack. Not to mention I’m fairly sure that the Shifters own all these buildings so rent is probably way cheaper here. We are just nearing the gates at the edge of the property, or at least the edge of the property that has been built on, the land they keep for running in their feline forms is in the opposite direction, when I realise that I have been unconsciously following my red thread. But Bellamy is out and I don’t want to leave the compound so I pause to rest in the shade a little for a minute. I’m probably bright red, hopefully I’m not getting burnt. The front gate swinging open catches my eye. Not the big gate for cars, but the smaller one to the side for people who are on foot. In walks Bellamy and I freeze up. I don’t think I really want to talk to him yet, or at least not in public. But at the same time, I want him to see me, or there would be no point in me practising my independence. I’m just trying to when I realise that he isn’t alone. Latched onto his arm is a pretty blonde girl, probably about my age, maybe a year or so younger. I say latched because I don’t think she could be walking any closer to him if she tried. She already looks like she’s got to be focusing to avoid tripping over his feet. The gate closes behind them and they stop walking. I can see that the girl is talking animatedly. Bellamy is listening and nodding along with a polite, but disinterested smile. He definitely looks distracted. His gaze wanders from hers and as if drawn by a magnet, finds its way to mine. He blinks in apparent confusion and concern. Sighing with resignation, I force myself to straighten up my shoulders and make my way towards him. I’m only a few metres away when I find myself tripping over my own feet. I would have completely face planted if it weren’t for Aaron tightening his hold on my arm. For once, my tripping was not 
the result of a sudden blunt of clumsiness, nor was it due to distraction from the many 
threads floating around obscuring my vision. No, this time my stumbling was because the 
pretty little blonde had chosen that moment to lean up on her tiptoes and press a kiss to Bellamy’s cheek. 
A decide if I want to call out to him or not 
1/3 
Emergency calls only 
136 Checks and cheating 
Aaron steadies me and steps between myself and Bellamy. For a second, I think that he is trying to cover something up, blocking my view of Bellamy with his huge frame. I panic thinking that I have seriously misread Bellamy’s character. But as I look up at Aaron his face is calm and he has a raised eyebrow, I realise he isn’t hiding Bellamy, but rather he is hiding me, giving me a chance to get control of my facial expression and pull myself together before anyone sees me. I pat his arm in appreciation and plaster a pleasant smile on my face. He gives me an encouraging nod then steps aside. I might have my reaction under control but Bellamy definitely does not. He looks absolutely horrified. He pulls his arm away from the girl and crosses them over his chest in a defensive posture. He takes a step towards me, clearly eager to explain but I can’t help but be aware of our audience. It’s not super busy here, but there are a few Shifters milling about, not to mention the guards for the gate. Even I know that if any of them heard Bellamy apologising to me or trying to explain himself that our relationship would be public knowledge by the end of the hour. Instead of letting Bellamy approach I just lift a hand in a wave and call out to him. 
“You look busy, I’ll talk to you Inter. I need to be heading back now anyway.” I give him another carefully arranged smile then let Anron lead me away. 
We don’t head straight back like I originally suggested, instead we walk leisurely through the compound for another half hour. My phone started vibrating about three minutes after I turned my back on Bellamy earlier but once most Shifters seem to be able to overhear phone calls easily enough, I decide not to answer. I’ll be back soon enough and we can speak properly face–to–face, I’d rather talk that way anyway, it’s much easier to gauge his reactions. Plus I still want an apology for this morning and it should definitely be given in person. When we head back it’s because Aaron’s phone has started going off too. We pause to give him time to send a message saying I’m safe and on my way back then make our way back to the house. We don’t even make it all the way to the steps when the front door swings open and Bellamy bursts out in a wave of energy. Without stopping to speak or greet Aaron, he hooks his arms behind my waist and under my knees, swings me up off my feet and carries me into the house. I squeal in shock and end up waving to Aaron as. the front door swings shut with a loud slam. I expect Bellamy to put me down, but he doesn’t. He just continues making his way upstairs with me in his arms. I naturally link my arms around his neck to feel more secure as we go up the stairs at a speed that seems unreasonably fast for a guy who is carrying an entire other person. 
“Bellamy-” 1 start, but I’m interrupted by him somehow transferring my weight into one arm so that he can open the bedroom door. He swings it shut behind him. 
2/3 
136- Cheeks and cheating 
“This really isn’t necessary 1-” again I don’t manage to finish what I’m saying as Bellamy gently drops me onto the bed. I scramble to sit up and find Bellamy kneeling on the ground in front of me, his hand on my knee and an almost wild look in his eyes. He takes a deep 
breath. 
Chapter Comments 
8 
POST COMMENT NOW 
< SHARE 
###Chapter 137
137- Responsible and ready 
“I swear I can explain and that wasn’t how it looked.” He blurts out in one panicked breath. He continues before I get a chance to answer. 
“I would never be unfaithful, I promise and I can explain everything. I know we fought and you were angry but I need you to believe me. I didn’t know she was going to do that and I would have stopped her if I did. Her father died last year and her mother was friends with my mother and she asked me as a favour to escort her daughter to get some test results because she’s worried about the murders recently and it seemed harmless, I didn’t realise Lovetta had other intentions. I was just taking her home, and she was clinging onto my arm but I was thinking about what you said about my being too harsh sometimes so I was trying to think of 
a… nice way to get her off. Then suddenly she was asking if I was single and I must have taken too long to answer.” He pauses and takes a quick breath then continues as if worried that he might explode if he doesn’t get his whole story out as fast as physically possible. 
“I wasn’t sure how to answer because I wanted to make it clear that I am not available, but 
since you still want us to be secret I didn’t want to say anything.that would draw any additional speculation, but she must have taken my silence as an answer. I know I should. 
have seen her coming and avoided it but I saw you there and I got distracted and didn’t 
notice until it was too late. I swear I made it clear to her right after that I am not interested 
and that I am not seeking a partner at this time. I left out the part where I’m not seeking a partner because I already have one. I swear I wasn’t out on a date, or cheating or anything 
like that.” He insists. Finally he stops and I wait a moment to make sure he really is finished. 
“Are you done?” I confirm. Bellamy gives a jerky nod. He looks so awkward kneeling on the ground in front of me that I can’t repress a snort of a laugh as I roll my eyes. 
‘Bellamy, I know you weren’t cheating on me. I was worried for about half a second before I realised that would be ridiculous and would never happen. I only walked away because I didn’t want you to make a scene in public. You’re not particularly subtle, you know.” I point out. Bellamy stares in shock. 
“You mean you aren’t upset with me? How could you not be worried, or at least a little jealous? I get jealous seeing you just talk to men I know and trust if I saw you arm in arm with a stranger like that…” He shudders and I raise an eyebrow. 
1/3 
137- Responsible and ready 
“Are you saying you would assume I was cheating?” I accuse jokingly. He quickly backtracks. 
“No, no, definitely not. But I would be jealous. I’m almost a little concerned that you don’t appear to be jealous at all.” he complains and I laugh at how ridiculous he’s being. 
“It sounds like you WANT me to be angry with you. But I’m not. We might have fought this morning, but I DO trust you. It would be hard not to, you’re almost excessively loyal, not to mention we’re fated.” I point out. Bellamy tilts his head in question. 
“I feel like an idiot questioning this since it’s working to my advantage, but you’re saying someone who is fated can’t be disloyal?” He clarifies. I shake my head. 
“No, I’m saying there is no way I could ever be with someone who was disloyal, I know myself and I could never forgive that. Since we’re fated I can assume you wouldn’t do that or It would never work out.” I explain. His mouth drops in a silent ‘oh.‘ Then, without warning, he bursts into laughter. He laughs so hard I think I can see tears in his eyes. 
“I don’t know what it is exactly,, but your logic is just so funny to me. It is true though, I would never cheat on you. Not ever.” Bellamy sobers up for that last declaration. Wanting to 
keep the conversation light I just shrug. 
“I would have to find a way to ruin your life if you did.” 
“It wouldn’t take much. You leaving would ruin me plenty.” Bellamy promises snappily and while it was very cute, I also can’t help but scrunch up my face and cringe at how corny it was.Bellamy grins and joins in. 
When we both pull ourselves together, Bellamy brings us back on topic. 
“Are you still angry with me about this morning?” He asks warily. I think about it for a moment. Am I still angry? I don’t think I am. It’s hard to be properly angry with someone who keeps being sweet and making me laugh. Although I am also not ready to completely drop the issue. It depends if he understood my whole ‘asserting my independence‘ thing that I was aiming for when I went out earlier. He is waiting impatiently for my response, rocking in place a little and shifting his knees around. Actually kneeling there can’t be comfortable. He should really get off the floor. Best I speed this along then.. 
2/3 
“No, I’m not angry anymore.” I answer slowly. Bellamy breathes a sigh of relief. 
“But, I can’t say I’m happy about what you did. You should have consulted me first. If you want me to share responsibilities with you then you need to learn to share authority too. You tell me I can tell the others what to do, and make decisions on those emails, that I can do what I want and stay here without feeling guilty, but then when it comes down to it, you just make decisions without me. I understand if I’m not available, or if it’s an emergency and you have a split second to decide. I can even forgive you being pushy when it comes to my safety, although I’m not willing to accept your word as law on that front either. What isn’t okay is that you’re making decisions that affect both of us when there was plenty of time to discuss it. You could have taken a second to ask, we could have called back or even just put the guy on hold for a minute. I know it doesn’t seem like a big deal to you but it is to me. You literally registered me as the person who is responsible for everyone if something happens to you! But not only that, technically I am considered equally as responsible for the feline Shifters as you are right now, and I am not equipped for that. Not to mention, if I am going to take on that role, the person who decides it will be me, not you. And the first people who need to approve it are the rest of the Shifters, not some guy in an office!” I finish 
passionately. Okay, maybe I am still a little mad, I’m getting worked up again. Bellamy looks like I’ve punched him in the face. 
“I- I didn’t think about it that way, or nearly as much as you have apparently.” He looks pale. and uncomfortable. I sigh. 
“I know that, I am thinking about the future Bellamy, but there’s no need to rush things. along so much. I know you see being Alpha as an honour, and in a way it is, but it is also. something that I need to be ready for, not something you can just sign me up for.” I can. practically see the wheels turning in Bellamy’s head. 
###Chapter 138
138- Passion and personal space 
“So what I am supposed to take from this is basically, I’m not the boss of you and if I want your help in the future I have to remember to ask before doing things. Also that I definitely shouldn’t bring up any ion I have about seeing you outside of the house earlier because that will one hundred percent backfire on me.” he sums up and I let out a small smile. 
“Yeah that would be wise. But yes that just about covers it.” I hold out a hand and when he takes it I give him a tug prompting him to stand up. He stands in front of me with his arms crossed over his chest. You would think that having resolved our argument he would be happy, and he definitely looks less anxious, but he still seems a little put out, his brow furrowed like he’s thinking about something irritating. 
“What is it?” I ask and he groans. 
“You’re going to think I’m crazy.” He complains. I roll my eyes. 
“Bellamy, I already know you’re crazy. Just tell me.” I lean back with my hands on the bed. 
behind me so that I can see his face better. 
“It’s just… I find it a little disheartening that you aren’t at least a little jealous. Because I definitely would be. I was jealous seeing you walk with Aaron and I KNOW that I have nothing to worry about there. I just wish you were walking around everywhere with met instead.” He finishes quietly. I sigh, great I feel guilty for keeping this a secret again. I know that wasn’t his intention, but I know how much Bellamy wants to be able to… well essentially 
flaunt our relationship. 
“I can be jealous.” I . He raises an eyebrow. 
“Really?” he says doubtfully I shrug. 
“Sure. What about when that hostess, waitress chick gave you her number when we were at dinner. I was jealous enough to walk out with you arm in arm. We weren’t even dating AND I was mad at you. But it bothered me.” I remind him. Bellamy grins in delight. 
“That’s right, you were jealous. But that was definitely a date.” He adds. I shake my head 
1/4 
adamantly. 
“No it wasn’t. It doesn’t count as a date if I don’t know it’s meant to be one!” I . 
“Come on, the thought had to have crossed your mind Plus, as nosy as I’m discovering Darrien to be, there’s no way he didn’t say something to you.” He tilts his head in question, 
but it’s more of a statement. 
“Okay, maybe he said something. But I completely denied it so it doesn’t count.” I point out. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Aaaah, so as we discussed previously, the denial makes it a non–date right?” he smirks at me and I sigh. 
“I’m not going to win this, am I?” I ask. He shakes his head. 
“Definitely not, but it’s amusing watching you try. Do me a favour? Tell me when you get. jealous. Partially so I can do something about it and partially for the ego boost.” he winks at 
me and I glare. 
“Fine, just remember to make it very clear to other women in the future that you are NOT 
available. Preferably before they make fools of themselves falling all over you. One accident I can ignore, but if it keeps happening.” I shake my head threateningly and he grins again. 
“Also, in cases like that, it is okay to be a little blunt, the chick was definitely encroaching on your personal space, you don’t have to put up with that.” I remind him. Suddenly the mood in the room changes, I don’t know exactly how, but Bellamy no longer looks amused and instead 
he’s looking me over from head to toe and drinking in every inch of me. 
“Wh–what?” I stammer out awkwardly. Bellamy leans down towards me, placing his hands. 
either side of me on the bed. 
“I’m just wondering.” he leans in further and I find myself leaning backwards on my elbows so that I can see his face clearly. 
“What exactly counts as encroaching on someone’s personal space. I wouldn’t want to make that mistake again. Is this too close?” He pauses, leaning over me as I am awkwardly lying 
2/4 
back on my elbows staring helplessly up at him. I bet my eyes are wide as saucers. 
“I… well… I guess technically… and…” I trail off. What was he asking me again? He pulls one knee up onto the bed beside me and leans in even closer. I’m forced to lie completely on my back now. Bellamy is still very carefully supporting his own weight and holding it off of me, but he’s close enough that I can feel how warm he is. My heart is racing, but unlike last time we ended up like this on a bed, I don’t feel panicked. Awkward, definitely. But not afraid. I stay still beneath him, not really sure what I am meant to be doing. Bellamy looms over me, leaning in closer and closer. My eyes fall closed as he descends and I feel the slightest brushing of his lips on mine, then… nothing. 
I feel the bed moving around me and when I open my eyes I find Bellamy is sitting up and moving away. What the hell? Did I do something to discourage him somehow? I know I freaked out in my bed last time, but we agreed I would tell him if there was an issue and I thought I was being fairly cooperative. Maybe I need to… participate a little more actively? But I was about at the end of my wits just lying there waiting. The thought of trying to initiate anything further… yeah no. Maybe one day, but definitely not now. But seriously, why did he stop? I tilt my head and stare at him questioningly, but Bellamy just gives me a smile. and collapses onto the bed beside me. Does he not want to go further? Maybe I’ve shut him down too many times and now he’s just not bothering with me anymore. Maybe he doesn’t actually want me that much. I want to say something, but what would I even say? ‘Hey Bellamy, why didn’t you attempt to ravish me while I was lying here?’ ‘Hey Bellamy, do I just look bad in this outfit or something?” Yeah no, I don’t think I’ll be asking anything. It’s probably nothing. 
Okay, so I might be telling myself that Bellamy pulling back earlier didn’t mean anything, but for such a touchy feely person, he is acting really withdrawn all afternoon. Pretty much completely keeping his hands to himself except for maybe a graze of his arm here and there. Later in the evening when we are getting ready for bed, I decide to test the waters a little bit. Trying not to act weird, I steal one of his shirts to sleep in. I know he likes that, right? I don’t necessarily want him to jump me or anything, but I wouldn’t be opposed to a kiss or two. 
Mostly I just want a reaction. Something to soothe my anxious mind and reassure me that he 
is in fact still attracted to me and hasn’t completely written me off as too much work. That’s 
not really that much to ask, right? 
###Chapter 139
139- Seduce and shrug–off 
Apparently I was wrong. I’ve been walking around Bellamy’s room for the last five minutes wearing his shirt and the smallest shorts I could find among my stuff, barely more than underwear, and he hasn’t given me more than a passing glance. Seriously, how is this not enough of a hint for him? What else am I supposed to do? Make a banner? Rent a blimp? Tattoo it across my forehead? Bellamy is just casually leaning back against the headboard of the bed, legs crossed over each other, the blankets pulled up over his legs, reading. I’ve wandered around, brushed my teeth, combed out my hair. I even spent an unnecessary amount of time fussing with some of my pillows, like I care if they’re all straight when they’re scattered all over the bed anyway. But he remains focussed on his book. Well it had better be damn interesting because my legs are freezing walking around like this. I eventually give up before I make a total fool of myself and climb into bed. Maybe I’ll read an ebook on my phone or something. Bellamy’s phone vibrates on the bedside table. His eyes dart up from his 
page then back down. 
“Do you mind checking that for me?” he asks casually. I shrug, sure why not? I grab hist 
phone and press random buttons until the screen lights up. Oh. I wasn’t expecting that. His lock screen is set to one of the pictures we took together, the one where he surprised me with 
a kiss on the cheek. The photo is admittedly kind of adorable, even if I DO look like a deer in 
headlights. 
“Ry? The message? Who is it from?” Bellamy prompts. Oh, I totally got sidetracked and forgot 
why I picked up his phone. 
“Uh, the message is from Alex. Something about how he located the documents you requested?” I read out. Bellamy nods. 
“Cool, no problem. I’ll answer that in the morning, it can wait. Thanks.” He turns his attention back to his book. I let my eyes linger on his phone screen a little longer before putting it back. I feel a sudden need to change my phone screen. But I don’t want to use the same photo as him, that would just be copying. I wonder if I can get more anywhere else. Megan might have some in the engagement party pictures, but would it be weird if I asked about those? Everything ended badly, but at least I know that, due to Megan’s efforts and the dress Bellamy paid for, I, looked good that night. So the pictures might be nice and who knows when I’ll have the chance to get all dolled up like that again. I send Megan a quick text. 
1/5 
Ryann- Hey Megan, random question. Do you have any pictures of Bellamy and 1? I’m realising I don’t really have much… 
There, nice and vague so that if she wants to ignore the existence of the engagement party pictures she totally can. She responds quickly. 
Megan- I’m not totally sure. I might have some from the photographer at my engagement party. I can look through them. 
Ryann- Are you sure? You don’t have to if it’s going to be stressful for you. Or I could look through them with you if you don’t want to do it alone? 
Megan- I’m sure. I think this is something I want to do myself. I’m trying to think of the bright sides. We had an awesome day together getting ready, and I had a nice time at the party. Sure the relationship and wedding might have gone wrong, but it was still a great night. Besides, I’m slowly realising that calling off the wedding was definitely the right choice. I’m hurt and I was betrayed, but I don’t think I’m heartbroken. I’ll go through the pictures later and if I can’t handle it, I’ll let you know. 
Ryann- Okay, but please don’t traumatise yourself or anything. 
Megan- LOL Yeah I promise. 
I close my chat with Megan and realise that I have a dozen or so missed texts in the Cock Tales chat. I open it to the most recent one. 
COCK TALES 
Harry- Hey, where is Ry, why isn’t she answering? 
Amber- Assuming I have the day right, Ry and Bellamy are either fighting or making up right now and I’m not totally sure which. Best not to get in the middle of either one I’d think… 
Ryann- Actually, we’ve already finished making up.  
Harry- TMI!!!! I’m totally kidding, tell me more ;) 
2/5 
Ryann- Not make up like that!!! 
As always Harry is the dirty minded one, although if Bellamy wasn’t being so oblivious and actually made a move, it probably wouldn’t be totally inaccurate… Megan adds to the chat.. 
Megan- Harry, you might be a creep, but that’s my brother you’re talking about. Definitely TMI for me. 
Harry- Rolling my eyes. How did I end up with such prudish friends? 
Amber- Because you think anyone who won’t sleep with you is prudish. And if any of us slept with you we would never hear from you again. 
Harry–Ouch, harsh. I’m way more classy than that. I would call… probably. 
Megan- Hey we aren’t judging dude. As long as all parties are consenting adults who know what they’re getting into, we don’t care if you call women back or not. 
Ryann- Seconded. 
Amber- I haven’t actually properly met you Harry, but I trust the others. 
Megan- Actually, I haven’t properly met him either. We should probably do something about 
that… 
Harry- 100% We need an ‘introducing the Incubus‘ party! 
Ryann-…. Dude. 
Megan- That was pretty lame Harry. 
Harry–Okay fine. Spoil sports. Either way, we should all meet up soon. 
Amber- I foresee scheduling issues… 
ax 
Ryann- Like a vision? 
3/5 
Amber- No, more like the other supervisor is off sick and I’m picking up the slack. Working a 
lot of doubles…. 
Megan- Ewww, that sucks. 
Harry- Damn 
Ryann You poor thing. 
Megan- Our schedules won’t be any easier Ry. Bels still has us on lockdown, remember? 
Ryann- Good point. I’ll talk to him about it and get back to you. 
Ryann- But maybe tomorrow? We’ve bickered enough for today… 
Amber- Fair 
With that done, I plug my phone into charge and settle into the pillows to relax. I figure I have time to work on my meditation a little more before I go to sleep. I didn’t work on it today like I usually would. I was too emotional, I knew it would never work out. I go through my steps to relaxing and calming 
practised so much lately. When I’elf. They’re becoming pretty routine at this point, I’ve 
in the right state of mind, I focus on Kiara. I try and 
include all the things I know about her. I think about the mark she has, the colour of her hair and the grey of her eyes. I remember how small and delicate she is. I picture the pyjamas she has been wearing this whole time. I keep at this until I have an incredibly detailed mental picture of her, but that’s all it is. A picture. It’s not a vision like I’m aiming for. But I’m close, I know I’m close. I can feel an edge of coldness that I know isn’t me. My eyes burn like I’ve been crying and my heart starts beating fast, even though I’m relaxed in bed. After a few minutes of this, I sigh and open my eyes. I’m so close, I just know it. I can sense her but I can’t quite follow through with the connection. I need a little more information. Hopefully whatever the registration office tells me will be enough. 
presence, 
“No luck again?” Bellamy confirms, closing and dropping his book onto the bed. I shake my 
head wearily. 
“I’m getting better, but no success yet.” I let out yet another deep sigh. 
4/5 
139- Seduce and shrug–off 
“You’ll get there. This can’t be an easy skill to master. In the meantime, at least you can see her when you sleep? Although I can’t say I’m a fan of your interrupted rest.” He grumbles and I give a small smile. 
“I suppose. Speaking of sleep, I’m exhausted.” I inform him. He nods his agreement. 
“Same, emotions are exhausting.” He opens his arms to me and I flick the lamp off then crawl into his embrace, both eagerly awaiting and slightly dreading the dreams I’m sure are coming. 
###Chapter 140
140- Sugar and spoons 
Sometimes I hate being right. When the dream–vision thing starts, I expect it to be much like all the others. I watch Kiara cry herself to sleep, or lie there in a zombie–like state. Occasionally she wakes up and moves around, but not a lot changes. I thought the fact that things rarely changed was a bad thing, but now I’m starting to think I should have prayed for things to stay how they were for as long as possible. Kiara is curled up on herself clearly trying to block everything out, then I see her get yanked up by her right arm, yet again interacting with invisible people. She begins shaking her head, her hair flicking around her ears as much as it can given how matted it’s gotten. I can see tears running down her face. Her mouth is moving and given the amount of energy she’s putting behind her movements, she’s yelling. Damn it I wish I could read lips. I can make out one word though. ‘NO‘ She is yelling and arguing against something. Someone is pulling her by the arm and she is pushing and fighting, but it is clearly no use. She’s not strong enough to get free. But even knowing it’s useless, I find myself rooting for her. Maye if she fights just a little harder she can escape. Then, all of a sudden, Kiara just freezes in place, a look of complete and utter shock and fear on her face. She shakes her head again, and says something else, although she seems far more. reserved. She looks especially small when she responds to whoever is speaking with her. Her expression changes from one of shock to pure resolve. Her little mouth is turned down in a frown, her eyebrows furrowed and her jaw locked in place. There are tears running down her cheeks. She stumbles like someone has pushed her forwards. She reaches out with one hand, her whole body is trembling. I see her say something, then she squeezes her eyes shut and turns her head to the side. Her hand drops back to her side, then she drops to her knees. Seconds later, she is curled up in a ball on the ground, shaking and crying a fresh wave of tears. That’s it, I can’t watch it any longer. I don’t know how I do it, but I force myself to wake up. 
For once my dreaming must have been silent because Bellamy is still sleeping peacefully beside me. I suspect I was too focussed on holding my breath and watching what was 
happening to even think about screaming. I grab my phone from the bedside table and check the time. Half past four in the morning. Ugh. Just no. I crawl out of bed and tip toe out of the room. If I can’t sleep anyway I may as well head downstairs where I’m less likely to wake Bellamy. I make my way to the kitchen with the intention of finding some kind of comfort food only to freeze in place when I realise that the kitchen isn’t empty. I clutch my chest in fear, my heart racing until- 
“Ryann? What are you doing up?” Megan asks, her face dimly lit by that little light from the 
1/4 
140- Sugar and spoons 
fridge. I breath a sigh of relief. 
“Other than being scared to death? Why are you hanging around in the dark?” I demand, flicking the light switch and blinking in the sudden brightness. Megan shrugs. 
“Sorry, I don’t need a lot of light to see. I didn’t even think to turn it on.” She reminds me. Ugh, stupid Shifters and their night vision. I bet she’s never tripped up stairs either. Okay, I might be a little cranky. 
“Okay then, well I’m up because I’m having more awful vision–nightmares what’s your excuse” 
“Just the regular kind of nightmares.” She responds with a sigh. 
“Ah, the trauma induced kind?” I question. 
“Yep. The good news is I have a solution for nightmares.” She says with false cheer. 
“Oh? Do share.” I prompt. She opens the freezer and pulls out a tub of ice cream which she then dramatically presents to me. 
“Ice cream therapy.” She announces. I shiver a little. 
“That does sound good, but I’m a little cold…” I trail off. Megan just grins. 
“That’s what hot chocolate is for.” she says as if it is incredibly obvious and I’m being dense 
for not thinking of it myself. 
“Oh of course. How could I be so stupid? You get spoons and I’ll start the drinks?” I suggest. 
“Deal.” 
By the time Bellamy wakes up and comes downstairs at about six thirty, he finds Megan and I sitting in the living room with an empty ice cream tub, my third hot chocolate and a packet of chocolate biscuits that is definitely more empty than full. I’m about three seconds away from a sugar coma. Megan is in a similar state. We’re watching cartoons on the living room tv and giggling manically. I’m sitting on the floor because about twenty minutes ago I was 
2/4 
宽售68% 
12:10 
140- Sugar and spoons 
laughing so hard I fell off the couch and I couldn’t be bothered climbing back up. 
“Woah, what did I miss?” Bellamy asks, dropping down onto the floor beside me. He presses a kiss to my cheek and steals a biscuit from the packet. 
“We couldn’t sleep.” Megan says as if it explains enough. 
“So you decided to eat yourselves into a sugar coma?” he questions. I shrug. 
“Seemed a better way to get to sleep than hitting myself in the head with a hammer.” I point out and Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“How long have you guys been bingeing for?” he questions. 
“Not sure, a bit before five?” I answer with a yawn. 
“I woke at three.” Megan chimes in, catching my yawn and adding in her own. 
“Okay ladies, I think it might be time to brush your teeth and go take a nap.” Bellamy suggests, standing up and pulling me to my feet. I’m about to when I realise I am EXHAUSTED. My sugar high must be crashing. 
“Mm, okay. Bed sounds nice.” I agree. 
“With me!” Megan adds, bouncing to her feet. She links her arm through mine and pulls me out of Bellamy’s reach. We head upstairs and I make Megan let me go long enough for me to go and brush my teeth properly then I head to her room and let me drag her under the covers. Luckily she has a thick curtain that blocks all but the smallest hint of light. She curls. up beside me and falls asleep clutching my arm like a teddy bear. I pass out almost as fast as she does. 
Bellamy wakes me up gently an unknown amount of time later. It could have been five minutes or five hours. Megan is nowhere to be seen, so I’m leaning more towards the five 
hours side of the clock. 
“Hey.” I greet Bellamy with a sleepy smile. 
3/4 
140- Sugar and spoons 
“I didn’t dream for once. It was so nice.” I stretch out and groan as my back cracks. 
“That’s great to hear.” Bellamy answers, but he isn’t smiling 
Why isn’t he smiling? 
“You don’t look like it’s great. What’s wrong? Did something happen?” I ask, sitting up and taking his hand. He gives a small nod. 
“Yeah, there was another murder.” Bellamy tells me gravely. I squeeze his hand tightly as 
dread runs through me. This isn’t the first murder and none of the others have led to Bellamy’s face looking like this. 
“That’s awful. Do we know who it was?” I ask, not totally sure that I want to hear the answer. Bellamy’s answer confirms that this one is different. 
“The woman was a Shifter this time.” 
###Chapter 141
141- Wake–up and wittness 
“Oh shit Bellamy I’m so sorry. Was the woman a feline Shifter? It was a woman again, right?” I confirm. Bellamy gives a solemn nod. 
“Was she someone you knew well?” I ask, almost afraid to hear the answer. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’ve met her, I’ve met most of the local feline Shifters. She didn’t live here in the compound. She has a large family and they run a moving company on the other side of town. They live down that way. I think the last time I saw her would have been Megan’s engagement party, and I don’t think I said more than two words to her.” Bellamy looks guilty. Clearly he is blaming himself for something. 
“This isn’t your fault, you know.” I tell him, running a hand over his arm in an attempt to soothe him. Bellamy shakes his head. 
“I’m Alpha, so I’m responsible for her safety, even if she doesn’t choose to live here. I should have made sure all women who are the killer’s target type came to the compound, or assigned them guards, or SOMETHING.” He reasons. I shake my head. 
“Bellamy you can’t be everywhere at once, and if it wasn’t her, it would have been another woman. The killer is the one to blame. You’re only one person, you can’t take responsibility for the actions of a psychopath killer. Everyone in the city knows there is a serial killer on the loose targeting young women, if she wanted extra protection she could have come and asked. 
It’s too late now for you to fix what happened to her.” I remind him gently. He scowls. 
“Well I have to do something!” He insists loudly. 
“I didn’t say don’t do anything. Send out a message or announcement or whatever offering protection to young women who need it. Obviously if there are too many who need protecting you might need to move them or something, but give them the choice. Tell them what they can do to try and stay safe if they don’t want your help.” I suggest. He seems interested in my 
suggestion. 
“I’ll have to work out the exact mechanics of it all, but you’re right. I can do those things. It’s also time to call the other Alphas to a meeting again. They weren’t interested because there 
1/4 
141- Wake–up and wittness 
were no Shifter victims. Well, now there is, so they’ll have to take this seriously.” He says, determination clear in his tone. I don’t think the other Alphas are going to get away with ignoring his complaints again. 
Once Bellamy has sufficiently calmed himself, we head downstairs where Megan is waiting in the kitchen with hot drinks for us both. Ugh, she’s so perfect sometimes. We all settle into the living room, Megan on the remaining recliner and Bellamy and I on the couch together, his arm practically glued to my shoulder. 
“So, tell us what you know.” Megan prompts him. Bellamy gives an exhausted sigh. 
“I don’t know a lot yet. Aria was found dead in her family home this morning. Her mother found her when she came down for breakfast. The scene looks like the others, and magic had. to be involved somehow because there were at least five other Shifters in that house and not one of them woke up. Maybe a silencing spell or a sleep spell of some kind. As her Alpha, the police will be keeping me updated on all information from the investigation. They don’t know much right now, they’re still investigating the scene.” He explains. Megan has a curious look. on her face that I can’t interpret. 
“Bellamy, do you know about what time the murder occurred?” She asks. Bellamy checks his phone. 
“They don’t have an exact time of death yet, but the preliminary reports say it likely happened around four in the morning. Why do you ask?” He watches her, waiting for a response, but Megan seems to be thinking something through. 
“I don’t want to jump to any conclusions but… Ryann… What time did. you wake up last night?” She asks me. I frown. 
“I don’t know, probably around four thirty or so?” I respond. Where is she going with this? 
“So your nightmare–vision thing, it’s safe to say it took place around four?” She confirms. I 
nod. 
“Yeah, I guess so.” 
“So at the time of the murder, you were seeing something upset Kiara…” She trails off and I 
2/4 
141- Wake–up and wittness 
sit there confused until it suddenly clicks. She can’t be suggesting…. 
“No way, they wouldn’t bring a child to a murder surely!” I , but I have a sinking feeling in my stomach and I’m starting to feel kind of ill. Bellamy’s expression is dark. 
“I think that’s exactly what they’re doing. We don’t know exactly what magical abilities Kiara has, but I’m willing to bet that they’re using them in some way.” He sounds pissed off, and I completely understand. 
“So… that 
DOOT LE 
traumatised little girl is being forced to witness these awful murders.” I whisper. I can’t seem to say the words at a normal volume. Even saying it quietly just feels awful. I remember the look of fear and horror on her face and how she fought at first. My stomach rolls and I rip myself from Bellamy’s arms and run to the downstairs bathroom. I only just make it before I violently throw up everything I’ve eaten in the last twenty–four hours. Moments after I reach the bathroom, Bellamy’s warm hands are gathering up my hair and holding it out of my face. It might be too late though. I can feel strings of vomit on the edge of my face, there’s no way it didn’t end up in my hair too. 
Once my stomach is empty, I sit on the floor by the toilet, staring blankly at the wall. It’s just too horrible for words. What kind of monsters would do that to a child? I hear Megan’s muffled voice on the other side of the door. 
“You okay in there?” She calls out, knocking lightly. 
“I think she’s a little bit in shock.” Bellamy answers. Without another word, he kneels beside me and scoops me up into his arms. It’s not until he’s holding me steady that I realise I’m shaking badly. He kicks open the bathroom door and yet again, carries me up the stairs. This is starting to become a habit of his, I note idly, not really taking things in. He carries me into. the ensuite and places me on the counter. 
“Let’s get you cleaned up.” He says, fiddling with the taps for the shower. Once he’s happy with it, he returns to me and grabs the edge of his shirt that I’m wearing. He begins to lift it up, my shirt is halfway up my abdomen when my mind catches up. I clutch the top to my 
chest. 
“What are you doing?” I blurt out in alarm. 
3/4 
141- Wake–up and wittness 
“The top has sick on it. It needs to come off.” Bellamy answers gently. He holds his hands up in a placating gesture. 
“I’m just trying to take care of you. If you want, I can leave and you can get cleaned up yourself.” He offers. My mind immediately rejects the idea, before I even have a chance to think about it. It might be selfish, but Bellamy makes me feel safe, and I could use that right now, that comfort. Using one hand, I push against Bellamy’s chest until he takes a step backwards. Then I slip off the counter. Trying not to overthink things, I push my tiny pyjama shorts down my legs and kick them to the side leaving me in Bellamy’s shirt and my underwear. I step closer to the shower so that Bellamy is positioned behind me, and keeping my back to him, I pull off the shirt, throw it to the floor and step into the warm shower. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 142
142- Shampoo and spending 
I keep myself angled to the wall, my back to Bellamy. Okay so showering in underwear might be a little weird, but it lets me feel a little less exposed while still attempting to be brave. Not that I’m particularly aiming for anything intimate right now. Nope, not at all. I feel dreadful and miserable. But I want to be clean and I want Bellamy with me. Okay, maybe I also want a distraction. Nervous and overly self conscious might not be the best feeling, but it’s better than the alternative. Bellamy seems kind of speechless, which is funny since he was the one who started trying to undress me in the first place. I glance back over my shoulder and find that he is staring a hole through my back. 
“Uh, Bellamy?” I ask hoarsely. Turns out vomiting is hell on your throat. Actually my mouth tastes awful. 
“I’m not totally sure what I’m supposed to be doing. Well, I don’t know what you want.” He admits. 
“Well, right this second, I’d like you to pass me the mouthwash.” I answer, partly because, well… I want the mouthwash, and partially because I’m stalling. I reach out blindly behind me and Bellamy places the bottle of mouthwash in my hand. I almost drop it, plastic bottle. plus water equals klutziness. The spearmint liquid somehow burns and cools my mouth at the same time as I rinse it out. I catch a little water from the shower in my hands and rinse the 
overly strong mouthwash from my mouth. Seriously, why is something that is intended to 
touch a person’s taste buds taste so bad? I hand the bottle back to Bellamy. 
“Ry, sweetheart? What should I do?” I don’t turn around but I’m pretty sure that Bellamy is shuffling in place. He wants to be helpful and he wants to DO something to make me feel better. He hates waiting, or rather he hates inaction and not knowing what to do. 
“You don’t need to do anything. Just be here and if you can think of a way to make my brain. shut up and stop replaying my nightmare from last night, that would be awesome.” 
Bellamy thinks for a minute. 
“So you want a distraction then.” He clarifies. I nod and stick my head under the stream of water to start rinsing out the vomit. 
1/4 
142- Shampoo and spending 
“Well, you’re meant to return to work tomorrow. You need to decide what you’re going to do.” He says pointedly. Oh, I had actually forgotten that. Time this last two weeks has somehow been very fast and very slow at the same time. It feels like it’s only been like two days, but at the same time it feels like it’s been forever since I was last at work. Yeah I don’t think Bellamy would take it well if I said I wanted to go back to work. The good news for him is that I don’t particularly want to go back. The longer I’m away the less I want to be there. But I can’t just sponge off Bellamy forever. It’s just not something I can put up with. I would feel way too guilty, and Bellamy would make it way too easy for me to become lazy. I tip shampoo. onto my hand and start running it through my hair while I think. 
“Well, you’ll be thrilled to hear that I don’t plan to throw a fit about needing to go back immediately, I don’t really even want to go back that badly. But it is my job and I need the money. I don’t have any more leave so I’m not really sure what my other choices are. I have to pay my rent somehow.” I sigh in frustration. When Bellamy answers, the only word I can use to describe his tone is controlled. He is obviously choosing his words with care. Probably trying not to be all bossy again. 
“I’m sure you know what I would prefer you do, but in case you don’t, I want you to quit. Just 
don’t go back, you don’t need that job.” I roll my eyes even though he can’t see it. I start 
rinsing the shampoo from my hair. 
“I do too need my job. Rent is a thing, not to mention I have bills and I need food every now 
and then.” I remind him. Bellamy sighs. 
“Okay, forget your rent and bills for a minute. What else do you NEED money for? I can give you one of my credit cards if it would stop you worrying about it.” He offers. I freeze up and my initial reaction is to flat out refuse and yell at him for being so casual about trying to just give me money. Something about being independent and so on. But I’m pretty sure that he 
trying to be controlling or anything by making the offer, he probably really is just thinking it will make things less stressful for me. He really doesn’t seem to understand why I’m so concerned about money. He’s never been broke and it kind of shows. While I think about how to respond, I tip shampoo on my palm and start running it through my hair. 
Wasn’t 
“Okay, so i’m thinking you don’t love that suggestion.” Bellamy comments. 
“I don’t like it, but I am trying to think of other solutions. I want to find an outcome that we can both be happy with. I’m also trying to remind myself that I shouldn’t be offended by you offering money… and how did you know that I didn’t like it?” I question. Bellamy laughs. 
2/4 
142- Shampoo and spending. 
“Because you already shampooed your hair. You’re washing it a second time.” he points out. Oh, oops. I rinse my hair and swap the shampoo bottle for the conditioner. 
“Right… Do you have any suggestions? I suspect that you didn’t just start thinking about this 
now.” 
“You suspect correctly. So, I have an idea about your place. Just try not to freak out and think about it before you answer, okay?” He says warily. Oh great, that sounds less than hopeful. I run conditioner through the ends of my hair. 
? 
“I’ll try.” I hedge. 
“Okay, so what if I could find someone to take over your lease? Maggie would still have a tennant and she wouldn’t lose any money. You wouldn’t have to worry about rent or bills, you know you can stay here as long as you want. Forever ideally.” He adds. Okay, so that’s not. what I thought he would say. I mean I’m not shocked he wants me to give up my place, but I am surprised to hear that he thought it through so much, tried to work out a plan so that it doesn’t negatively affect Maggie. Now I feel a little bad for my earlier thought about him. never being broke. I mean it’s technically true, but he’s just demonstrated that he is aware of people’s finances. It’s just me that he thinks shouldn’t worry. I’m having flashbacks to when Megan told me that Shifters tend to want to be very generous towards their mates. I can’t say it isn’t true. Still, I’m not totally sold on this plan. I need my own income, I need to work. I can’t just sit around all the time forever. I also don’t want to feel like I’m getting forced out of my place and I don’t want to just ditch Maggie. She’s been a good friend to me, and I miss 
seeing her regularly. 
“1… I’m not sure. I’ll talk about it with Maggie and see how I feel after that.” A thought 
occurs to me. 
“But that doesn’t mean I’m agreeing to quit my job! I need to earn my money, you can’t just give it to me. This needs further discussion. But I should call Maggie first.” I conclude. I glance back at Bellamy who immediately looks away. Okay, well he did well with the whole distraction thing, I haven’t thought about him probably watching me this whole time… up until right now. I turn off the water and before I can ask, Bellamy is dropping a towel over my 
shoulders. 
“Thanks.” I pull it tight around me and step out of the shower, finally turning to face Bellamy 
3/4 
142- Shampoo and spending 
properly. He looks… hopeful. Apparently this conversation is going better than he expected. I head back into the bedroom and find some clean clothes. Bellamy picks up my vomit covered clothes and drops them in a hamper. Bellamy closes his eyes so that I can get dressed and as soon as I tell him that it’s safe to open them again he’s handing me my phone so that I can call Maggie. He’s very eager, but to be fair, I do need to figure this out today. 
###Chapter 143
143- Moving and managing 
I scroll through my contacts, dial Maggie’s number, then wait anxiously for her to answer. It rings so long that for a moment I think she isn’t going to pick up and I’ll have to try again later, but in what I imagine is probably the last ring before it goes to voicemail, she answers just in the nick of time. 
“Hello dear, I’m just working on a new scone recipe. So let me know if you can’t hear me well. I’ve got you on speaker. But there’s no one else here so you can speak freely.” She says cheerfully. 
“Oh, cool. Your scones are always amazing. Actually everything you make is amazing. Before I get into the reason I called, how are you? How have you been?” I don’t want her thinking that I only call because I need to know something, she is my friend after all. 
“Oh sweetie, I’ve been alright. Logan is having a few issues at school though.” She adds. I 
frown. 
“How can he be having issues? He is so smart and well behaved, honestly he is practically the 
perfect child.” I ask confused. An awful thought occurs to me. 
“Wait, he isn’t being bullied is he? Because if he is I will seriously need to find those kids‘ parents and throw down.” I practically growl out. Maggie laughs. 
“No, no. Nothing like that. He’s a quiet kid, but his problem isn’t with other students. He 
keeps getting detention after school. Since he ends up coming here late I called the school and looked into it. Apparently you get a detention if you turn up more than thirty minutes 
late to school, and an after school detention if it happens more than three times a week.” She 
sighs. 
“Ahh, I assume his lateness is Carrie’s fault?” I voice my suspicions. 
“Yes. I hate to say it, but she really isn’t cut out to be a mother.” She admits, her voice full of 
disappointment. 
“Have you ever thought about having him move in with you? He spends most of his time at 
1/5 
your place anyway. I really doubt Carrie would say no.” I’ve met Carrie a few times, she prett much just ignores Logan and uses Maggie as free babysitting. She works and then spends her free time out with friends or possibly boyfriends. She’s not a bad person exactly. She doesn’t usually completely neglect Logan’s needs. But he isn’t her priority. I don’t think she ever intended to get pregnant and never really grew up when she did. 
“Maybe. But I’m not sure this is the right place. I don’t have a second bedroom. I would have to move, and even with my income from these places, I doubt I could afford a larger place in any decent area.” She sighs. 
“Well, maybe something will come up. Either way, Logan is lucky to have you.” I remind her. 
“Thank you dear. But now, what did you need to talk about? I don’t want to bother you with all my problems.” She insists. 
“Please, always tell me about your problems, even if I can’t help I can at least listen.” I promise. 
“As for why I’m calling. It’s about my living arrangements.” I start. 
“Ahh, you’re moving out permanently then?” She asks, no surprise in her tone at all. 
“Well, I haven’t really decided yet. Bellamy did ask me to stay here, but I wanted to know what you think about it first. He did also offer to help find you a new tenant.” I add, wanting her to have all the information. Maggie doesn’t hesitate before responding. 
“Dear, if you decide to move back here when you could have a hot Shifter boyfriend in your bed every night keeping you warm, then you are dumber than I thought.” She says bluntly and I snort out a laugh. I should have known that is how she would respond. She is a sucker for rom–coms after all. Bellamy is grinning ear to ear and I poke him in the chest and roll. 
my eyes. Well, I guess that answers that question. Really, I know I want to stay. When I went back to my old place, I felt uncomfortable. I can keep my friendship with Maggie and Logan without having to live there. 
“Okay. Well, if you insist.” I tell her jokingly. 
“Oh I do. At least one of us needs to hook up with a hot guy, and since it doesn’t seem likely 
2/5 
“And if your Bellamy has some suggestions for tenants I will happily take them, but don’t 
ixed 
worry too much. The place got up after the vandalism and there are always people. looking for cheap places to stay.” She tells me kindly. Bellamy is obviously listening to my call, he leans in close so that he can talk into the phone without taking it from me. 
“Thanks Maggie. I knew I liked you from the start. You should come visit us sometime.” He says cheerfully. 
“Of course I will dear, you couldn’t keep me away. Now take care of my girl, I need to get these scones in the oven. Bye you two!” We say our goodbyes and she hangs up with a click. 
“Well, that went much easier than I expected it to.” I admit. 
“Really? Because it went exactly how I thought it would go. Maggie cares about you, she only wants you to be happy. She didn’t get upset when I scared off that guy on the day we met, if that didn’t ruffle her, there’s no reason this would.” He explains. I guess his logic makes 
sense. 
“So you’re going to move here properly, right?” He confirms. I give a slow nod. 
“I suppose so, but I have to be allowed to help out with bills and stuff or I really won’t be 
okay with it…” I add. 
“Which leads us back around to the issue of you going to work.” He says with a little 
frustration. 
“Please don’t go back. I’m begging you. If you have to quit I am happy to support you, honestly I would enjoy being allowed to provide for you.” He takes a quick breath then continues before I can . 
“It doesn’t mean you won’t work forever. Just please, wait until the murderers are caught. I’ve been thinking about it and if it makes you feel better I can give you more of my work, you can keep managing the mediation emails and I’m sure I can find other things you could help with. If you’re taking some of my workload it’s only fair you get some of my income too.” He suggests eagerly. Huh, that’s not the WORST suggestion. 
3/5 
“But, if I’m not technically the female Alpha, is it really right for me to be making decisions and answering emails and stuff?” 1 ask hesitantly. Bellamy seems elated and a little shocked when he realises that I am actually considering his suggestion. He quickly answers, probably worried I’ll talk myself out of it. 
“I trust you to answer them, if you’re worried about authority you can just sign my name. When people eventually know about us you can use your name or set up a whole new system. Whatever you like.” He insists. I frown. 
“I can’t just use your name… isn’t that basically lying to everyone?” I . Bellamy just shrugs. 
“Official or not, you’re my mate. I’m sure I’ve mentioned it before but Shifter mates are considered one hundred percent equal and are allowed to speak for each other. Even if someone did find out you were the one answering, once they find out the whole story they’ll accept it with no issues. Please? It wouldn’t just be a few emails. I could find tons of other things that you could manage for me. My schedule is a chaotic mess and I constantly forget meetings. I bet you could figure out a way to get me on track too. Please? I’m not just asking because I don’t want you to go back to work, it really would legitimately be a load off my shoulders if you took over even a few of my tasks.” Okay, so how many times has Bellamy said please now? He really is practically begging. It’s pretty obvious that he’s using this to sort of ease me into taking over the female Alpha role. But to be fair, he has been trying to do a job that is intended for two people, and he has been doing it mostly alone. I do believe him when he says he has plenty of work I could help him with. I’m still not totally convinced that it’s right for me to sign his name on emails, but if he’s okay with it I guess I am too. It’s not like I can’t check with him if I’m not confident in my responses. Bellamy is staring at me with pleading eyes and… is he holding his breath? I should probably answer before he actually. 
###Chapter 144
144- Celebrate and catch–up 
“Okay.” I answer simply. 
“Okay?” He asks. 
“As in you’ll quit your job and work here instead?” he clarifies. I nod firmly. My decision made. Bellamy picks me up by the waist and swings me around. I squeal in shock. 
“Bellamy!” I laugh. He places me back on my feet and leans in to give me a quick kiss. 
“Thank you.” he says sincerely. 
“You don’t need to thank me. You offered a fair compromise that we can both live with. All I 
de was meet you halfway.” I remind him. He shakes his head stubbornly. 
“No, you can argue all you like but we both know that realistically I am the one getting everything I want. I’m not giving up anything.” He points out. I shrug. 
“I 
Can’t promise this arrangement will last forever. Once the killer is caught I will in all likelihood want to get another job. I’m still not sure I feel right living off your income. But if I were to go to work, I suspect you would send so many guards that paying them would cost several times more than my living expenses anyway.” I explain with a grin. Bellamy just winks 
at me. 
“Perhaps, I might. Okay, yes I definitely would.” he admits. 
“I knew it!” I cross my arms over my chest and mock glare at him. He just grins at me, hist good mood apparently impossible to dent. Until it isn’t… his smile dulls slightly. 
“I know this isn’t how you would have liked everything to go. Moving in here because some psycho is threatening you, leaving your job and taking over parts of a role you never signed up for. I… I’m sorry.” He frowns. Oh, he must be feeling bad, he actually apologised. I shake my head with a sigh. 
“Don’t think like that, things will always happen that we didn’t plan for or volunteer for, we 
1/5 
144- Celebrate and catch–up 
just make the best of it, and sure, things happened differently that I might have anticipated, but it’s not like I had no choice. This is as much the result of my own decisions as it is the situations that I’ve found myself in. Don’t apologise when I know you’re doing the best you can. It’s not like you’ve done the wrong thing.” I remind him. He stares. 
“You are far too accepting. Okay, instead of apologising, I’ll just thank you again. No matter what you say about getting a new job later, you have to know that I’m hoping you’ll enjoy your role here and want to take on the rest of it.” He reminds me. I nod. 
“Yes, I figured. I suppose that’s a possibility too. We will just have to see how things turn out. I don’t think I’ll miss my job too much, but that doesn’t mean this one will be any better.” I point out. Bellamy nods his acceptance. 
“Soo… will you call and quit your job now? I can arrange for people to go fetch the rest of your things. It might be a little late today, but I’m sure they can get it all tomorrow.” He says. 
confidently. 
“Why the rush?” I ask. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Less time for you to change your mind?” He suggests. I roll my eyes. 
“I’ve made up my mind. I’m about as stubborn as you are, I doubt I’m going to change it. again so easily.” I remind him and he smiles again. 
“Fair enough. Will you call and quit now then?” He persists. I laugh and roll my eyes. 
“Okay, okay. Relax.” I placate him. 
Amber answers on the first ring when I call Borderline. 
“Congratulations!” She says in way of greeting. 
“Uh, thanks? Um… Amber… What are you congratulating me for exactly?” I ask, a little confused. Honestly, when she skips part of the conversation I sometimes find myself asking the questions where with anyone else I would expect it to be the other way around. 
“For escaping- I mean, moving on from this nightmare of a place.” She says cheerfully. I 
2/5 
144- Celebrate and catch–up 
frown. 
“I mean, thanks? But Amber, I didn’t know you disliked it there so much.” I observe. I can practically feel her shrug through the phone. 
“It’s not where I want to stay forever. I like the type of work, but I think I would rather manage my own place. Somewhere smaller and less prissy.” She informs me. 
“Huh, that would suit you I think. Do you think you’ll do it one day?” I ask. 
“I hope so. But it takes a lot of money to start something like that. I’m saving, but it’s not easy. I can’t even gamble for it. Oracles aren’t allowed to participate in games like that for money. No one would bet against us anyway so it’s useless.” she sighs. I laugh. She’s right, I would never bet against her in cards or any similar game. 
“Well, I hope you manage it. Let me know if I can help you with it at all.” I offer. 
“I will. I suspect I will end up taking you up on that offer someday. And good luck to you too with your new job. Anyway I’m working tonight so I won’t be able to make it for dinner, but thanks for thinking of me. Let me know how it all goes.” She says, clearly starting to wrap up 
the call. 
“Dinner? What… I didn’t invite you to- oh nevermind. Bye Amber, thanks for everything and 
I’ll talk to you later.” 
“Bye Ry.” She hangs up with a click. Wait, did I actually quit? I don’t think I ever said it… oh well. She got the idea. I’m sure Amber will make sure everything works out. She’s good like that. Bellamy is rocking back on his heels, practically bouncing in place. 
“I’m going to make some calls. Arrange for all your stuff to get picked up tomorrow. Do you particularly want your furniture or should we leave it behind? I mean this place is obviously already furnished, but if you’re particularly attached to anything I’ll make sure we can find a place for it.” He rambles, already heading for the door. 
“Uh, no I don’t need any of it. It’s all cheap stuff anyway. Maggie can keep it and rent the place out furnished if she likes.” I push my damp hair out of my face and follow Bellamy downstairs. He heads to his office and starts making calls and I settle into my recliner. My 
3/5 
phone vibrates with a message from Harry. I swear it’s like the guy knows whenever 
something interesting happens and suddenly inserts himself into my life so he can catch up. on the gossip. 
Harry- Hey Ry! I was just thinking that we should catch up. Like, in person. Do you have dinner plans? 
Ryann- I don’t have plans, but give me a bit to chat with Bellamy. I don’t know if he has something planned already. It’s been a long day. 
“Hey Bels? Harry wants to hang out tonight.” I tell him casually. Bellamy scrunches up his face in distaste. 
“Really? But Harry is so… he’s just so….” He trails off. Clearly not sure how to answer me without insulting my friend. I raise an eyebrow and wait. Bellamy is saved from answering by 
Megan walking in. 
“Hey Ry, you’re looking better. Did I hear something about Harry? Is he coming over” I would love to meet him properly in person. We talk so much, it would be nice to have a better picture of him.” She says cheerfully. 
“That’s what we’re just trying to figure out. Harry wants to hang out tonight, what do you think Bellamy?” I ask. He frowns. 
“Does he have to come here?” He says with a half groan. 
“Well you don’t want us going out anywhere.” Megan reminds him snarkily. 
“We could all go, it would be safe if you and Darrien came along right? Please?” I ask, batting my eyelashes at him. Megan catches on and chimes in. 
“Yeah Bellamy, come on. I’m sure it would be a nice distraction for us all.” She adds. 
Oh! And it can be a celebration of my leaving my old job!” I throw out. Okay, that might be at 
low blow, but I suspect it will work. I can see Bellamy is wavering. He gives in with a sigh. 
“Oh fine. We can all go.” He says reluctantly. Megan squeals in excitement and I grin. I should. 
4/5 
144 Celebrate and catch–up 
invite Amber too. Oh, wait, no. She already turned me down. Well, I guess she can come next 
time. I text Harry back. 
Ryann- Spoke to Bellamy and Megan. The winning suggestion right now is that the group of us go out for dinner (Darrien too!) I quit my job today, it’s going to be a celebration dinner. 
Harry- Excellent. I know just the place. Also CONGRATS! 
###Chapter 145
145- Menus and mischief 
Harry sends through the address of a bar slash pub type of place and tells me that he will be there at six. I pass the information on to Bellamy and Megan and she contacts Darrien. Megan then insists on dragging me upstairs and picking out something cute to wear to dinner. When I , she reminds me that it’s not like she’s getting to go out much lately and to let her have this. I give in. I know when to pick my battles and this one isn’t worth the energy. If she wants to pick out my clothes and put my hair in some overly complicated twin braids, then I’m happy enough to go along with her. I have to reluctantl 
admit that it is kind. of fun. I do find myself about ready to poke Megan with a stick though when she rejects five outfits for herself in a row. 
“Is there a reason that you’re freaking out and have suddenly become completely incapable of picking so much as a pair of pants?” I demand, hands on my hips. We’re literally just going to a pub with friends, I’ve never seen her struggle so much before. Megan groans and collapses 
into her bed. 
“You’re no help!” She complains. 
“I don’t know what you’re looking for! What’s wrong with that green dress?” I answer in 
exasperation. 
‘Sorry, I just… Darrien is coming… and. Ugh.” She buries her face in a pillow. Darrien? She sees him basically every day. He has probably seen just about every outfit she owns and he’s seen her looking like an absolute mess. Why is she so stressed about it now? 
“Why is Darrien a problem?” I ask. 
“Because he knows too much.” She answers darkly, sitting up and staring at me. 
“How so?” I persist. 
“Well… He knows how I dress. So if I dress too nice, he’s going to think it’s for him, but if I 
don’t put in any effort, he’s going to think something is wrong or that I’m trying to 
discourage him. Ugh, now all my clothes are just wrong!” She explains. 
1/4 
145- Menus and mischief 
“So you’re worried that he’s going to think you’re dressing for him?” I ask. 
“Pretty much.” She sighs. 
“Aren’t you?” 
“Aren’t I what?” 
“Dressing for him? I mean, if you weren’t you wouldn’t be thinking about it so much.” I point out. Megan frowns. 
“Huh, I guess you’re right. Not that it helps me decide what to wear…” She lays back on the bed again and stares at the ceiling. 
“Well, what do you want him to think of you?” I reason. She considers for a minute. 
“I want him to think I’m okay. Like, that I’m not all broken and traumatised from Tristain and that I’m capable of pulling myself together and moving on.” She.sums up. 
“And is that the truth?” I question. 
? 
“Yeah, or at least I WANT it to be the truth. Is that the same thing?” She asks, almost meekly. It’s very different from her usual confident, brash attitude. 
“Close enough. In that case, wear your green dress. It makes your gold eyes look stunning and your waist look tiny. I can promise that he cares less about your wearing and more about if you look happy wearing it. Seriously, he’s pretty obsessed with you.” I admit. Megan blushes. 
“I- I… okay. If you say so.” She answers shyly before hopping up and pulling on the emerald 
green dress. Hey, I think I’m getting better at this girl talk thing? 
At six on the dot Bellamy, Darrien, Megan and I walk into a place called ‘Witches Booze‘. It looks like a kind of combination of a bar and pub. Like it mostly seems like a place for drinking, but also food is an option. The music is pretty good and the place is definitely decorated in a very Witchy theme, but somehow it looks quirky and cool rather than cheezy. I 
immediately love the place. 
2/4 
145- Menus and mischief 
“You know, I was a little concerned that we were letting Harry pick the place, but this actually looks pretty cool.” Megan comments. Darrien nods his agreement and even Bellamy seems pretty impressed. 
“Glad to hear you have so little faith in me.” Harry remarks dryly from behind us. Megan whirls around with a yelp. 
“Harry?” She asks awkwardly. Oh yeah, she’s never actually met him in person before. I keep forgetting. It sometimes feels like we’ve all known each other for much longer than we really have. 
“The one and only gorgeous. I assume you are the lovely Megan?” He says with a wink and she giggles. Darrien’s expression is stormy and I can’t help but giggle. 
“Hey Harry!” I greet him. 
from 
“Hey Ry!” He imitates my pitch and tone, then immediately drags me out of Bellamy’s arms and into a one armed hug. I laugh and hug him back before stepping away and back to Bellamy’s side. I take his hand and squeeze it to soothe his jealous side and he gives me a half smile. Harry smirks. He knows exactly what he’s doing. He might be interested in someone right now, but he’s still an Incubus and he likes causing trouble. As I step away 
Harry I realise something that I had somehow missed before. In all the strings around us, mine to Bellamy and Megan, Megan and Darrien’s and of course all the other ones in the place, I didn’t immediately see the bright red thread streaming straight from Harry’s chest. Okay, I’m always curious about who people are fated to, but I am especially excited to see who the flirtatious, mischievous Incubus is meant for. I follow the string with my eyes, trying 
to look around casually. I don’t want it to be super obvious. I don’t usually have to worry about that, but since I’m with a whole group of people who know about my magic and pay a lot of attention to me, I want to be a little more cautious. I can’t see the end of the string, but I’m pretty sure it leads up towards the bar. At least I know it’s someone in the place, otherwise I would have to convince Bellamy to go for a walk with me so we could follow the string. I can see that the string is solid, so whoever it is, Harry has met them before. I have my suspicions of who it might be and I can’t wait to find out if I’m right. Harry dramatically sweeps out an arm, gesturing for us to follow him. He takes us to a comfortable looking booth. that has enough space for about six people, maybe more if they’re comfortable sitting close to each other. Or if they’re small people I guess. Either way, it’s plenty of space for the five of us to sit comfortably. We settle in with Bellamy and I next to each other up against the wall. Harry is on the side to my right and Megan and Darrien are on Bellamy’s left across from 
3/4 
145- Menus and mischief 
Harry. 
Harry grabbed us menus on our way to the seats and he distributes them among us and makes recommendations about the food. He continues as he usually does, flirting and joking with Megan and I while teasing the guys. 
“So Megan, you’re still single right? You should come sit next to me.” He says with a wink. Darrien and Bellamy both look murderous. I roll my eyes and slap Harry on the shoulder. 
e even eaten yet. The guys will get 
“She’s not for you Harry. Don’t cause trouble before we’ve even eaten yet. The 
cranky.” I remind him. 
“Oh fine, fine. I’ll behave myself. Just for you.” He says with a smirk. I shuffle over in the seat to lean into Bellamy who has his arm back on the seat behind me. Bellamy smirks back as he drops his hand so it brushes my shoulder. Well, at least this is going better than last time. Bellamy and Harry interacted? 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
3 
###Chapter 146
146- Brats and bartenders 
“So, how are you all enjoying playing house? I think I might be a little jealous, living all by my lonesome.” Harry says, his tone full of false sadness. Megan rolls her eyes. 
“Liar, you love living alone.” She accuses. Harry shrugs. 
“True, I have always enjoyed my bachelor pad. No women.” He jokes. Darrien raises an eyebrow. 
“I doubt that.” he mutters grumpily. Megan elbows him and Harry just winks. 
“I prefer not to bring women back to my place. Too much chance of them finding their way. back again. It’s better they don’t know where I live.” he comments. This time, both Bellamy and Darrien look at him in disgust. Shifters apparently aren’t into that whole lifestyle. I suppose it makes sense. They mostly live in large family groups. Bringing home a different woman every night probably doesn’t work as well when you live with your parents, grandparents, siblings and other relatives. I decide to intervene before the guys decide they hate Harry before they know anything other than his more shallow side. 
“You just like having your own room. You always said as a kid that you would never share a room again when you became an adult.” I remind him. Harry shrugs. 
‘Share a room with five other guys and see if you ever want to share a room again.” He points. 
out. 
“You and Ryann grew up in the same place, right?” Bellamy asks. Leave it to him to instantly pick up on the chance to ask questions about my childhood. 
“Yep. She was just as much of a bossy brat then as she is now.” Harry answers. I glare at him. 
“Hey, rude!” I . 
“What do you mean by that?” Megan asks. Harry leans in, elbows on the table and lowers his voice like he’s sharing a secret, or at least some really good gossip. 
1/4 
146- Brats and bartenders 
“She used to parade around organising the other children and making sure they got along. She was practically queen of the playground. At least until we hit our early teens… then things changed I guess.” He stops, awkwardly, clearly not sure what else to say. 
“Thus begun my awkward loner years. But that’s over now too so there’s no need to worry about it” I conclude, putting an end to the topic. Our teenage years were about the time that Harry and all the other Incubi came into their own magic. The home we lived in was about eighty percent Incubi and Succubi. They have a tendency to leave unclaimed children behind, more than most. Their abilities don’t work on eachother. So The Incubi all suddenly began paying a lot of attention to me. But since I could see their strings I always rejected them which didn’t leave me very popular. The Succubi didn’t appreciate that all the guys would give attention to the non–Succubus girls so they didn’t like me either. There were other kids there, but most of them moved to other homes as they grew up. Shifters almost never end up in group homes, they’re too family oriented. Witches and their covens also tend to take care of each other’s kids. Children with Oracle abilities are usually adopted young because they’re pretty rare and most people THINK that they want to know the future. They’re usually wrong, but at least the kids find families. Straight up Human kids have separate homes they go to. Which pretty much just left me as a loner. I spent a lot of time reading and working as soon as I was old enough so that I would be able to move out at eighteen. I’ve moved on from that time though and I really don’t want to talk about it over dinner. 
“Uhh… Ry, you never answered the original question. How are you enjoying living with us? On my part I’m loving it. I enjoy having you around all the time, even if it is only temporary.” She rambles uncomfortably. I notice Darrien nudging her arm in what I suspect is intended as a comforting motion. Great, I made everyone feel awkward. Bellamy sits up straighter at her comment though. I look up at him and he is looking back at me, an eager expression on his face. Ah, I get it. He wants to share the news from today. I give a slight nod. 
“Oh go on. I know you want to.” I tell him. He beams at me before turning to the rest of the 
table. 
“Ryann agreed to move in permanently!” He blurts out. Megan squeals in delight and claps. her hands together. 
“When did this happen? Why didn’t you tell me?” She demands excitedly. I smile and answer. 
“Just this afternoon. I didn’t get around to telling anyone yet, but I’ve spoken to Maggie and Bellamy said he’s arranged for someone to get the rest of my stuff tomorrow.” I tell her. She 
2/4 
140–Brats and bartenders 
looks absolutely thrilled. 
“Congratulations to you both. I suppose I will continue seeing you around then.” Darrien remarks, a pleased smile on his face. Hmm, if Shifters live in family groups, I wonder if he will move in with us too someday. I know he mostly lives alone right now, Bellamy mentioned once that he moved here a few years ago without his family. I think he’s mostly on his own. I don’t think it’s super common for Shifters to move away from their families unless they don’t really have one. I think I’m actually looking forward to it. 
“I suppose that means it’s been going fairly well, good for you both I guess.” Harry comments. He looks a little down and kind of distracted. He perks up all of a sudden. 
“I’ll have to get you a housewarming gift. You’ll have to invite me over for a proper housewarming.” He says cheerfully. He’s talking to me, but he’s watching Bellamy, clearly hoping for a reaction. Bellamy scowls for a second, then smooths his face over and answers. for me. 
“I’m sure you will be able to come visit sometime.” He answers, only a hint of reluctance in his tone. 
“Wonderful. Now have you all picked out what you want to eat? I can go place our orders. Cam should be working and I want to… say hi.” He says with a smirk. Megan picks up on his sudden change in attitude. 
“Cam? Who is Cam?” She asks eagerly. 
“The bartender here.” He answers plainly. Megan and I both immediately sit up in our chairs. and stretch around, trying to see the bar, annoyingly we can’t see much from where we’re sitting. 
“You mean THE bartender?” I ask pointedly. I swear Harry blushes a little and I can’t help but giggle. He rolls his eyes. 
“Yes, the bartender.” He answers. Megan exchanges excited glances with me. Bellamy and Darrien both look confused. 
“Is there something special about this particular bartender?” Darrien asks, trying to make 
3/4 
146- Brats and bartenders 
sense of our excitement. 
“Definitely.” Megan responds with a grin. 
“We need to meet her.” I declare. Megan nods eagerly. 
“Oh we totally do. We can go order the food.” She offers, already halfway out her seat. Darrien and Bellamy both frown. 
“I’ll pay for dinner. Sit back down.” Bellamy insists. Megan drops into her seat with a pout. Darrien looks a little disheartened. I’m guessing he wanted to get dinner for Megan. 
want to 
“Darrien, maybe you could get the drinks?” I suggest. I’m kind of annoyed at my own suggestion because I want to go to the bar and meet Cam the bartender, but I al cheer Darrien up. 
“Oh no, no way. I’m getting the drinks. This is my usual drinking joint and coming here was my idea.” Harry insists. 
“You just want to hit on the bartender.” Megan mutters. 
###Chapter 147
147- Drinks and disgust 
A general understanding seems to come over Bellamy and Darrien, suddenly the two men are waving Harry away to go order the food and drinks. Apparently they’re eager to help if it means having Harry flirt with someone other than Megan and I. Although Bellamy does try to give Harry a credit card to pay for the meal. Harry waves him off and insists that he can afford to shout everyone dinner and that this one is on him. Bellamy reluctantly gives in, not wanting to make a scene. It’s kind of funny. Bellamy is the Alpha at the table, but I don’t think anyone can really tell Harry what to do. He isn’t one to listen to anyone’s orders. Megan and I both crane our necks trying to see Harry talking to the bartender, Megan actually stands up to see better. 
“I can see her!” She says excitedly. Not even pretending to be subtle, I also stand up and peer over towards the bar. Harry is talking to a woman with blonde hair that has adorable beachy. waves. If they’re natural I might have to hate her a little. The woman is pretty, but I can’t see her well from here. She’s moving around behind the bar and I can see that she is fairly short. Probably only a little over five feet tall. She looks especially small compared to Harry. The red string connecting her and Harry’s chests confirms my suspicions, I drop down into my seat, trying to keep a handle on my excitement. I’m so happy for him. Megan stays standing, watching them interact. 
“Okay, so he’s talking to her. She’s making drinks and…. Oh she full on shoved them at him. I’m surprised he didn’t drop them all. She doesn’t seem bothered though, she’s pretty chill. Very polite, he’s flirting again obviously. Oh, he’s on his way back.” Megan drops back into her seat and straightens her skirt. A moment later, Harry returns with our drinks and hands them out. He then collapses into his seat with a sigh. 
“I don’t know what her problem is.” He grumbles. We all take our drinks and look at them. curiously. They’re… odd. A strange brownish colour and… is there something floating in them? To be honest, they don’t look appealing at all. Why would Harry order them? 
“Uh… Harry? What the hell are these drinks?” Megan asks, her face scrunched up in disgust. 
“No idea.” He answers, sipping from his glass. His expression gives away nothing about the 
taste. 
“Why would you get drinks if you don’t even know what they are?” Bellamy asks. He’s holding 
1/4 
147- Drinks and disgust 
his glass up to the light and staring at the floaty pieces. 
“I didn’t order them. This is just what I was given.” He answers casually. He downs the rest of his drink in one go. His poker face holds firm. Maybe it isn’t as bad as it looks? I eye off my 
drink. 
“Harry and the bartender have an ongoing feud. She likes to give him weird drinks.” Megan says as way of explanation. She then proves that she is far braver than I because she picks up her drink and takes a sip. Her face immediately scrunches up and she drops it to the table and shoves it away from herself. 
“Ew, nope. Harry, I don’t know how you drank that.” She says with a shudder. He just shrugs. 
“I’ve had worse.” He answers. Yeah, I’m not that brave. I she shudder. He just shrugs. 
the same. Megan rolls her eyes. 
my glass away. Bellamy does 
“Hey at least I tried it!” She teases. Darrien steels his shoulders and immediately picks up his glass and takes a swig. His fingers clench tight around the glass and for a moment I’m worried he’s going to break it. Then he slowly lowers it to the table and pushes it away, a look 
of absolute disgust on his face. 
“I’ll get new drinks.” Harry offers. Megan shakes her head. 
“No way. Ry and I are going to get the drinks. If you go we’re going to end up with something 
worse!” She insists. 
“I can go.” Darrien offers. She shakes her head firmly. 
“Nope. Ryann and I have been waiting to meet this Cam chick for weeks, you will not ruin this for us.” She stands up and waits for me to shuffle my way past Harry and join her. Bellamy is reluctant to let me go, but hands me his credit card anyway. I take it to placate 
him. 
Megan and I make our way to the bar and wait for the bartender to notice us. Up close I can. see that she is gorgeous, in a very cutesy type of way. She looks very young and I suspect she is older than she appears because otherwise there is no way she would be serving alcohol. She has bright green eyes and greets us politely as she approaches. 
2/4 
147- Drinks and disgust 
“Hello ladies. What can I get you tonight? You can have anything you want.” She says in what I can best describe as a ‘customer service voice.‘ Friendly, polite and most likely fake. She taps the top of a laminated sign which says “WE WILL MAKE ANY DRINK, JUST ASK! Well that’s pretty cool, but I’m sure there are limitations. I mean, surely they can’t stock EVERYTHING. Megan is the one to answer. 
“Well, I’d ask what you recommend, but after trying the drinks you gave Harry I’m a little afraid to.” She jokes. The woman’s perfect customer service poker face breaks. 
“Oh, you drank that? I’m so sorry. I didn’t think he meant it when he said he came with friends. I promise I can make a proper drink. I’ll make you all another round, on the house.” She promises. 
“In that case, go ahead and surprise us. I’m Ryann by the way.” I introduce myself. 
“And I’m Megan.” 
“Camille. You can call me Cam.” She gets busy making drinks, I don’t know what they are but they’re a pretty peach type colour. She pauses as she hands us the drinks. 
“So… how do you know Harrison?” she asks, almost reluctantly. 
“We’re friends, he and I grew up together. He’s basically like my super annoying brother.” I tell her cheerfully. 
“Oh you poor thing.” She says sympathetically and I laugh. 
“He’s not that bad, more honest than most men if I’m totally honest.” I tell her. Megan nods in agreement. 
“Yeah, he grows on you.” She adds.. 
“Like mould maybe.” Cam grumbles. She then perks up. 
“One second.” She rifles around on a little shelf under the bar and pulls out a tiny vial of something pink. She tips a couple drops in one of the drinks. It looks the same afterwards, if I hadn’t seen her add something, I would never know. 
3/4 
147- Drinks and disgust 
“That one is for Harrison.” She says with a smirk. I nod. 
“Sure.” I agree easily. Her eyebrows fly up. 
“Okay, you’re not going to argue or ask what it is?” She questions. I shrug. 
“Nah, I trust you. Harry drinks here all the time. If you were going to poison him you’d have. done it by now.” I answer. 
“He… told you that?” Cam asks, a little horrified. Megan grins and nods. 
“Oh yeah, he loves your drinks, tells us all about them.” She says cheerfully. Cam pales a little. 
“All of them?” She confirms. 
“Yep, all of them. I can’t wait to see what you did with this one.” I say, gesturing to Harry’s drink. Cam smiles brightly and in that moment she goes from pretty to gorgeous. Yes, I can totally see why Harry is a little obsessed with her. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 148
Strings of Fate 
148–Contracts and confirmation 
I reach out to pick up the drink and Cam frowns. 
“Uhm, can I ask why you’re wearing a dodgy plastic bead necklace? It doesn’t really go with what you’re wearing.” She asks, gesturing to the necklace Logan gave me. 
“It’s a good luck charm from a kid I know. It’s not the prettiest thing but I like it. Although I have been thinking maybe I shouldn’t wear it because I don’t want to break it.” I think aloud. Cam looks apologetic. 
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything. That’s actually super adorable. Oh! But I can help. Give me a sec.” She disappears through a door behind the bar for a minute and comes back. with a black coffee mug. She places it on the bar. I peer over the rim and see a silverish liquid that is definitely not a drink. I’m assuming it’s a potion. 
“Drop the necklace in that for a minute.” I’m a little hesitant, but I decide to do as she asks. I drop the necklace in the potion and it makes an alarming sizzling noise. I watch curiously as the 
potion swirls around, the silver leaching from it and into the necklace until it is completely clear and just looks like water. Cam fishes the necklace out, dries it on a towel and. hands it back to me. 
“There, it should be pretty near indestructible now. No need to worry about breaking it.” She says with satisfaction. 
“Woah, thank you so much. But that’s an expensive spell. I should pay you.” I offer. She 
shakes her head. 
“Nope, I’m not licensed to sell spells here. But it’s not illegal to give them away. Don’t worry about it. Most of those spells are only expensive because the local covens are greedy old bats who want to hoard all the good magic for themselves. It’s not actually expensive or difficult to make in small quantities like this. I make it in bulk and apply it to glasses and dishware. Stops them breaking when idiots get drunk and clumsy. Costs a bit to make so much of it but replacing dishes is way more expensive than you would expect, so it’s much cheaper in the long run.” She explains.” 
1/4 
148- Contracts and confirmation 
“That’s so cool!” Megan exclaims excitedly. 
“But… I need to thank you somehow.” I . Cam shrugs. 
“Consider it my apology for giving you awful drinks. Also a thankyou for delivering my special mix to Harrison.” She insists. 
“I don’t know… I would have done that either way just to mess with him” I point out. 
“Yeah well, I already spelled your necklace. The spell has already been used up and unless you know how to remove it, you’re stuck with it now. So hah. I win. Just take the gift and accept it already!” Megan is snickering. 
“She’s got you there Ry.” 
“That I do.” Cam answers with a grin. She glances over my shoulder. 
“And you ladies should get back to your table. Your food will be out in a minute and the men who I assume are yours are looking like abandoned children. Lost and uncomfortable. Harrison is likely not helping matters.” She mutters as an afterthought. We all laugh and I thank her again before heading back to the table. 
Bellamy sniffs the air curiously as I sit. 
“You smell like magic?” he says, his words a clear question. I hold up my necklace. 
“Cam made my necklace unbreakable. We need to leave her the world’s best tip because she won’t let me pay her for it.” Bellamy grins. 
“Sure.” 
“Cam gives away spells a lot. I suspect she’s more powerful than she lets on.” Harry confides. Then with only a moment’s hesitation asks another question.. 
“Ry, what do you think of Cam?” His tone is super serious and very unlike him. 
2/4 
148- Contracts and confirmation 
“Uh? She seems really cool?” I answer. Not sure what kind of response he’s looking for. He 
shakes his head. 
“No, I mean what do you REALLY think? About her and me I mean?” He pushes. Everyone at the table watches me to hear my response. 
“Harry, you know I don’t really do that. I don’t like telling people about their fates.” I respond. awkwardly. I expect Harry to argue, whine a little but ultimately give in and accept it. But instead, he whips out an old ratty piece of paper and slaps it onto the table in front of me. It’s yellowed and crumpled like it’s been shoved in the bottom of a bag for ages or crushed in a pocket. Harry stares pointedly at the paper. I pick it up and gently unfold it. Bellamy reading over my shoulder as I do. It’s an old note written in childish, but neat handwriting. 
“I Ryann Gale, promise that I will tell Harry when I see any strings or ties on him with my magic. 
I Harrison Zeta swear that I will stop the other boys from being mean to Ryann and will listen. when she asks me for help. 
SIGNED- HARRY and RYANN* 
“You signed a contract?” Bellamy asks, clearly amused. I stare at Harry. 
“I can’t believe you still have this! I forgot it even existed.” I exclaim. tell him inn a combination of horror and awe. I remember that Harry and I wrote this contract when we were about eleven. He hadn’t hit puberty yet so it was before we started distancing ourselves, but some of the older guys had and they were pretty annoying. I begged him to stay nearby and run interference and offered the only skill I really had available. 
“See, you HAVE to tell me.” Harry insists. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Do I? If I recall right it was only a few months after this that you basically ditched me.” I remind him. Harry’s face falls and Bellamy scowls at him. He might not like having Harry around, but he’s still offended on my behalf. 
“I apologised for that. I was a a stupid kid, I didn’t know what else to do. I’m here now and I’ve turned up every time you’ve needed me since!” He points out. 
3/4 
“I don’t know Harry… I’m just not sure it’s a good idea,” Harry reaches over the table and grabs my hands. Bellamy tenses up beside me, 
“Please Ry? I need this. I need to know if it’s possible… for me to have someone. You’re the only person who has ever thought it might be.” Harry glances at Bellamy and. Then his eyes dart to Darrien. I suspect he’s wishing he had a little more privacy right now. His bright blue eyes are staring into mine with a combination of desperation and hope in them. There’s no way I can say no. Besides, he wouldn’t be asking if he wasn’t already fairly sure, right? I give a deep sigh and Harry must sense my resignation because he asks again. 
“Ryann, what do you think of Cam?” He asks, squeezing my hands fightly, I’m so focussed on Harry, I barely notice the waiter dropping off our food and Bellamy dragging my plate in front 
of me. 
“Oh fine. Yes, I like her very much and I wish you all the luck in the world because you are definitely going to need it to get her to fall for you.” 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
$7 
###Chapter 149
149- Announce and add 
At my announcement, Megan gasps and nudges Darrien who smiles. Bellamy gives little visible reaction, but I can feel him relaxing beside me, so apparently he’s happy to hear it too. Harry looks stricken. I know I just confirmed something that he already suspected, but I’m not sure he totally believed it would really be true. His brow furrows and he eats his dinner in 
near silence, nodding along with the conversation while his mind is clearly elsewhere. I’ve almost finished eating when I decide to check how he’s dealing. 
“Harry? Are you alright? I didn’t mean to send you on an existential crisis or anything. You don’t need to freak out too much. It will all work out eventually..” Harry’s headjerks up to look at me, like he had forgotten that I was actually here. 
“Sorry babe, I was just thinking that it might be worth changing my approach with her. Clearly what I have been doing isn’t working very well.” He says pointedly, taking a sip of his drink. I had forgotten that his drink is spelled. Harry is… sweating? 
“What did that drink do to you?” I ask curiously. 
“I’m not totally sure, but I feel like it’s about a million degrees in here if that helps at all.” 
Huh, so she overheated him? A strange choice. 
“I guess I see what you 
ean by changing your approach. But you’ll manage I’m sure.” I tell him encouragingly. Suddenly an evil grin crosses Harry’s face. 
“Actually, I think I am going to keep on doing exactly what I have been doing. At least I’ve got her attention now. I’m the only one at this table who got a special drink.” Huh, he’s… happy I’m not sure that Cam was aiming to please him when she spiked his drink. But then again, he’s not wrong that he has her attention. Without hesitating, Harry stands up, leans down and kisses me on the cheek. Bellamy growls and Harry dodges away as Bellamy grabs at 
him. 
“I have had a grand time everyone, but I think it’s about time I take my usual space at the bar… it’s a little hot in here after all.” Harry winks and as he walks away I can see him 
unbuttoning the first few buttons of his shirt. He catches the eye of more than a couple women as he passes. Hot in here indeed. 
1/5 
Emergency calls only 
149- Announce and add 
D68% 12:12 
“Oh that poor girl doesn’t know what she’s unleashed. I almost feel bad for her.” Megan comments. I shrug. 
“I’m pretty sure she can handle him.” 
“I could hear your conversation. I’m fairly sure she is going to chew him up and spit him out.” Bellamy says mildly, but his smirk shows an unnecessary amount of pleasure at the idea. 
“You’re not the only one looking forward to it Alpha Kane.” Darrien adds with a wink. Megan and I both giggle at that. 
“And we get to hear aaaaall about it.” Megan chimes in happily. 
“That is why we made the group chat.” I agree. 
“Group chat?” Bellamy prompts, his head tilted to the side. He angles himself to face me. 
“Is that what you’re smiling at on your phone all the time?” I nod eagerly. 
“Yep. The chat is me, Megan, Harry and we added Amber a couple days ago. Harry documents. his attempts to get Cam to notice him. It’s pretty funny.” I explain. 
“Yeah, he’s been telling us about her for a couple weeks now.” Megan adds. 
“Add me to the group chat.” Bellamy demands. I hesitate a little. Sure, the intention of the chat was to talk about Harry’s failed attempts to woo Cam, but we discuss Bellamy and 
Darrien in the chat too. I mean, I guess we can always make another chat if we need to… But still. I don’t want to ruin anything. Megan also looks a little unsure. 
“You don’t want to? What else are you talking about in that chat that you don’t want me to see?” Bellamy demands. He looks annoyed, in fact he looks increasingly agitated the longer I delay answering. Megan ends up replying before I can. 
“We talk about you Bellamy. Obviously. The point of the chat is for relationship advice.” She says this as if he’s dumb for not thinking of it earlier. A look of understanding passes Bellamy’s face, then he just shakes his head. 
2/5 
149- Announce and add 
“Pretty sure I could use just as much advice as you guys. Add me anyway.” He insists. 
“But… we can’t talk about you if you’re in the chat!” I . Bellamy pouts and looks at me pathetically. 
“Do you really need to talk about me that much? I want to hear about Cam torturing Harrison too. You could always message your friends in another chat if you REALLY need to talk about me behind my back. He reasons. I sigh. 
“Fine, you big baby.” I grumble. 
“I suppose you want to be added to the chat too?” I ask Darrien. He shrugs. 
“Sure.” He then turns to face Megan. 
“But since it’s a relationship advice chat, I mostly want to know if you talk about me there or not.” He stares at Megan pointedly causing her to blush horribly. 
“I… I… well…” Megan stutters. Okay, my turn to get even for her telling Bellamy that we talk 
about him in the chat. 
“Of course we talk about you Darrien. Don’t be dense. You’ve made your intentions clear. We have to gossip about it somewhere, and since this is the first outing we’ve had in weeks, the 
chat is 11 we’ve got.” I declare. Megan stares at me in horror. 
“In that case, yes. I definitely want to be added to this group chat. Don’t feel the need to censor your talk around me. I’d love to hear whatever you ladies have been gossiping about.” He says conspiratorially. I roll my eyes. 
“Yeah that’ll happen. But yes I’ll add you both. We’ll just have to start gossiping elsewhere. Except when it comes to Harry of course. We talk about him to his face, it’s more fun that 
way.” 
After we finish eating we head home. I’m settled in bed wearing another of Bellamy’s shirts. 
and I pull out my phone. 
COCK TALES 
3/5 
149- Announce and add 
Bellamy has been added to the group. 
Darrien has been added to the group. 
I think for a second, then add one more person. 
Aaron has been added to the group. 
Aaron-? 
Ryann- Hi Aaron! This is the chat where we hear Harry tell us about his failed attempts at 
romance. I figure you hear half this stuff from us anyway and I’m convinced you secretly enjoy it. We also do random relationship advice here and you’ve proven oddly good at that, so I decided you needed to be included ;) 
Bellamy- When did Aaron ever give relationship advice? 
Megan- Good question? 
Ryann- He’s surprisingly opinionated for someone who never talks. 
Amber- This chat just got more interesting. Also I am SO jealous you guys got to meet the 
bartender chick! 
Ryann- Her name is Camille by the way. Cam for short. 
Harry- Aaaaah my audience has grown. Fabulous! 
Darrien Is that sarcasm? 
Megan- Nah, I’m pretty sure he is legitimately happy to have an audience. He lives for the 
drama. 
Aaron- ;) 
Ryann- !!! 
4/5 
149- Announce and add 
Bellamy-?! 
Darrien- Huh, Ryann was right? 
Amber- Of course she was! 
Megan XD 
Harry- So who wants to hear what happened after you all left? 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 150
Strings of Fate 
150- Brothers and bonding 
We all read about how Harry continued to blatantly flirt with Cam. He even went so far as to TELL her that they’re soul mates. Unsurprisingly, she didn’t believe a word out of his mouth, and since he didn’t tell her HOW he supposedly KNOWS they’re meant to be together, Cam just wrote it off as another terrible line from the overly flirtatious Incubus. We all wish him better luck next time and Amber congratulates him on finding his soul mate and complains a lot about how jealous she is that we all got to meet her first. 
COCK TALES 
Bellamy- Harrison. You are an idiot and your methods of flirting are tragic. 
Harry- Like you can talk ‘Alpha‘ you’re the one who sent Ryann running with your attempts at 
flirting! 
Ryann- HARRY! 
Harry- What? I’m the closest thing you have to an older brother. It’s my JOB to give him hell. It’s how I show I care. 
Bellamy- Well when he puts it that way… 
Megan- Wait, seriously… he got away with that? 
Bellamy- Sure, if he gets to be an ass to me about my relationship I can take it. At least I HAVE a relationship. 
Amber- XD OUCH! Score one to the boyfriend. 
Harry–To be fair, my methods have always worked in the past… 
Ryann- Well yeah… but are you looking for the same thing you were looking for in the past? Maybe you should try to branch out a little? 
Harry–Well… you know me best. If you think I should try and act less like myself, I can give it 
1/4 
150- Brothers and bonding 
a try. 
Megan- No! Still be yourself, just maybe give Cam a chance to see your less shallow side. Share more of yourself. She already knows you’re attractive and charming. Maybe let her see some of your other qualities? 
Bellamy- He has qualities other than being a pretty boy flirt? 
Megan- Not helping Bels! 
Amber- Sure he does. He just has to work out what they are.. 
After that, the conversation devolves to all the men bickering and insulting each other. Except Aaron who never says anything. I get a couple messages in private chats. 
Darrien- I claimed you as a sister first! Just because I don’t talk back to the Alpha doesn’t 
mean I care less… 
Ryann- I know that. <3 You take care of me in your own way. Don’t think I don’t appreciate it. 
Darrien- Good. Just making sure you know. 
That makes me smile. But it’s the message from Aaron that makes me full on laugh. 
Aaron- Thanks. 
I’m giggling to myself when I put my phone aside.It’s funny how differently everyone reacts. to hearing about their threads. In Darrien’s case, elation and hope. Amber, pretty much complete acceptance. Harry basically just became even more determined than he usually is and me… I probably reacted the worst. With fear. Still, I’m definitely doing better than I was when I first found out. Harry reacted fairly well tonight, actually he reacted amazingly. He’s always had a lot of faith in my magic, it’s why we became friends in the first place. He has never once questioned my abilities. He’s always thought the best of me. Actually, Harry thinks the best of almost everyone. He might seem flighty but he really is a good friend to have. I wish Bellamy could see that a little more. Bellamy has been sitting beside me this whole time 
smirking at his phone. 
2/4 
150 Brothers and bonding 
“Hey Hels? Maybe take it a little easier on Harry? I don’t mean you need to suddenly be nice. to him but… I don’t think he’s actually as confident as he acts. He knows that most people. see him as… What did you call him? A pretty boy flirt? So he doesn’t bother to correct them, but he really is my friend and he really is a good person. I wish you would give him a chance.” I tell him nervously. I don’t want to make Bellamy feel bad, but I don’t want him to tear Harry down for the sake of weird male bonding either. Bellamy looks a little stricken. 
“… you’re right. That was probably uncalled for. I’ll reel it back from now on.” He promises. 
“Thankyou.” I tell him, cuddling into his side. Bellamy leans his head down on mine and smoothes my hair out of the way with his free arm. Then he freezes and scrunches up his 
nose. 
“What’s wrong?” I ask, confused. 
“One second.” Bellamy jumps up from the bed and dashes into the ensuite. He returns with at damp cloth and without pausing, wipes my right cheek thoroughly. He then throws the cloth over his shoulder back into the bathroom where it lands with a light thud. 
“What are you doing?” I ask, very confused. Bellamy just leans in and presses a soft kiss to my freshly cleaned cheek. 
“Much better. I might be trying to like the Incubus more, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to tolerate his kisses on you.” Bellamy half growls the words and I roll my eyes. Still, I don’t complain when Bellamy presses another kiss to my other cheek. I end up relaxing back into the pillows as he leans towards me. I’m waiting for a proper kiss, except it never comes. Bellamy suddenly backs off. He moves all the way away from me and makes a show of checking his phone even though it’s only been like two minutes since he last checked it. What is going on? This isn’t the first time in the last couple days that he’s done this. It’s like he’s suddenly avoiding me, but somehow he’s still just as clingy as ever. He just isn’t actually trying to take things any further than maybe a light kiss. I wouldn’t be concerned except he was definitely taking things further before, and while I might have asked him to slow down a few times, I didn’t stop him completely and I definitely didn’t mind. What has suddenly. changed? He’s acting differently and I don’t know what to do about it. Ugh, screw it. This is probably going to be completely embarrassing, but Bellamy seems to like dealing with problems straight on, not to mention neither of us is intuitive enough to take a hint unless 
are basically bulldozed with it. It’s time for me to just ask him. 
We 
3/4 
andig 
“Perilionny Phhti The forei 
ne Treating 
third seesher. 
berbecne vom doc’s what to the end it as it singing things i aik   priting was a menacaer and alone this item notes 
– Read 
Chapter Commanda 
lb hota bow he to 
150- Brothers and bonding 
“Bellamy? This is probably going to sound a little insane, but are you avoiding kissing me? Because you’ve been acting… different, and I’m not sure if I did something, or if something ist bothering you. I don’t know what to do about it so I’m just asking. Am I imagining things?” I ask, my voice getting more and more quiet and unsure the more I ramble on. Bellamy raises. an eyebrow and comes to sit beside me. 
“I just kissed you like two seconds ago.” He points out. I roll my eyes. 
“That’s not what I mean and you know it. You’ve stopped trying to REALLY kiss me. What changed?” I demand. Bellamy’s smile falls from his face and his shoulders drop. 
“You’re… worried?” He asks in clarification and I nod anxiously. He groans and drops his head. 
into his hands. 
Chapter Comments 
4 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
4/4 
###Chapter 151
Strings of Fate 
151- Push and pull 
“This is definitely not working out how I planned. You weren’t supposed to be worried about it. Just the opposite. I was trying to make you more comfortable by backing off a bit.” Bellamy 
explains. I frown. 
“I never told you to do that.” I comment quietly. He shrugs. 
“You don’t have to tell me. If I think you want something I’m going to do my best to give it to you, even if in this case it means giving you… less.” He tries to explain. 
“But… I don’t want you to… I mean. I never meant for you to… UGH I don’t know how to say this!” I complain. Bellamy lifts his eyes to meet mine. 
“You don’t want me to back off? But you always seemed… uncomfortable.” He points out. 
“I know that! But it doesn’t mean you needed to stop. I WAS uncomfortable, some of the time. at least. But I’m awkward and anxious and terrible at dealing with new things. I was always going to be uncomfortable! We discussed this the day after Megan’s wedding. I can’t tell you what is okay. But I will always tell you if something isn’t okay. How am I meant to tell you how I feel about the things you do if you never do anything?!” I ask, completely frustrated. 
Bellamy’s jaw drops open. He looks puzzled. 
“So… you want me to… pressure you more?” He asks. Wrinkling up his nose in distaste. 
“No, that’s not what I mean. Or maybe it is a little? But it’s not pressuring. It’s… opportunities. I might not know what I’m ready for, but.. I do enjoy being wanted. I like knowing that I could take you up on your offers at any time if I chose to. That all I would have to do is just accept. At this point in time there’s no way I would be confident enough to approach you myself. I need you to make the first move so that I can decide how far I want things to go. Does that make sense? I know it isn’t totally fair to you, but…” I trail off. 
“I just… didn’t want to make you scared of me. Didn’t want to push you too far.” Bellamy says quietly. 
“I need a push or I’ll never change. We both know that. It’s why you’re good for me. And I 
1/4 
151- Push and pull 
would never be scared of you. I trust you and I know you would never push me if I tried to 
stop you.” I promise. Bellamy’s face slowly transforms from one of discomfort to a pleased smirk. He grabs me and lifts me so that I’m sitting and straddling his lap. He brushes a loose piece of my hair behind my ear and when he answers, it’s with his lips against my ear. 
“I think you’re braver than you think. Just remember that you can come to me, any time and any place and I will never turn you down. I always want you Ry. And in the meantime…” He presses a kiss to my neck that makes me shiver. 
“I’ll give you lots of opportunities to be brave.” He promises. 
Bellamy pulls back to look in my eyes. Whatever he sees there must satisfy him because before I can even process what is happening, he pulls me tight against his chest and presses his lips into mine. Bellamy kisses me at a leisurely pace, like he has all the time in the world and nowhere else to be. I can tell that I have his full attention, which when you consider how 
many things he has to think about and how many people he has to worry about, is rather thrilling. His hand is stroking my back, keeping me close and is somehow exciting me and reassuring me at the same time. His other hand lands on my knee and after a few minutes I 
start to realise that it is steadily moving up my leg, stroking little shapes on the outside of 
my bare thigh. I’m suddenly very aware of the skirt that Megan picked out for me earlier and 
how far it’s riding up my legs with me sitting in this position. His fingers brush against the hem of my skirt and pause, playing with the fabric and running his fingers just along the edge, teasing the skin just barely. I’m nervous for a moment before I realise he isn’t planning on advancing it any further. Bellamy’s lips leave mine as he kisses his way down my neck and 
murmurs. 
“This okay?” Which is about when I notice that the hand on my back at some point made it underneath my top and is gently massaging between my upper and lower back, his fingers pressing into my waist. How did that happen without me noticing? I am completely overwhelmed. Not in a bad way necessarily, but this is starting to reach the point where I don’t quite know how I’m supposed to respond. Okay, that’s a lie, I do know how to respond, I just don’t know if I’m ready to respond that way. All I know right now is that Bellamy’s hands feel amazing and that talking things out was definitely a good idea. 
“Ryann, sweetheart?” Bellamy pauses and pulls back a little. What was he asking? 
“Hmm” I answer, oh so eloquently. He smiles, apparently pleased with how completely dazed I am, or maybe how relaxed? Bellamy hugs me close and buries his face in my hair. He stands 
2/4 
151- Push and pull 
up, still holding me at my back and thigh. Gravity tilts my hips closer to his and I can feel just how aroused he actually is. Now that gives me pause.I tense up a little but instead of pulling away, I wrap my arms around his neck to secure myself and hug him tight, bed.hiding my face against his shoulder, feeling shy. Bellamy chuckles before turning and lowering me onto the bed, my head against the pillows. He pulls back and gives me another deep kiss before releasing me entirely. I stare up at him. 
“I… I didn’t say you had to stop.” I comment awkwardly. Bellamy just gives a half shrug. 
“I know that, but I know you’re not completely ready yet and the way I’m feeling right now… half of me, the lower half mostly, is telling me to escalate things while the rest of me knows I should slow down. I needed a little space to be sure I make the right choice. It’s… very hard to think when I’m holding you.” he admits and that makes me smile. I’m glad I’m not the only one who loses my mind when he’s touching me. Bellamy takes several deep breaths and closes his eyes for a second. When he looks back at me, he groans and I can see his eyes are that molten gold colour that they seem to go whenever he’s particularly… eager. 
“Right, well my brain isn’t coming back online anytime soon so i’m leaving this decision up 
to you. Do you want more or should I go take a cold shower?” 
I hesitate and Bellamy begins to turn away and head towards the ensuite. He has just reached the doorway when I manage to find my tongue. 
“Bellamy… wait.” He whirls to face me in one quick movement. If I tried to turn that fast I 
would definitely fall over. I blush tomato red as he just stands there and looks at me. 
“Yes Ryann?” he asks, patiently waiting for me to tell him what I want. My mouth won’t seem to move. Bellamy takes a step back towards me. 
“What is it that you want?” he asks, taking another step towards me. I squirm in place. How am I supposed to speak when he looks at me like that? Bellamy takes another step towards me, and another. He practically prowls towards me, his catlike motions very obvious at this 
moment. He perches himself on the bed next to me. 
“Did you want something from me sweetheart?” He practically purrs the words. I can’t do 
than nod my head. 
mo 
3/4 
151- Push and pull 
“Say it.” Bellamy demands and I don’t know if I want to kiss him or punch him in the gut. He knows exactly what he’s doing and I think he’s enjoying torturing me a little too much. He leans in even closer, I can feel his breath on my skin and can stare into his molten 
gold eyes. 
“Tell me Ryann.” He says again. I heave in a deep breath, trying to steady myself. I had every intention of giving him a proper answer, but when I breathe out I barely manage to do more 
than squeak a single word. 
“More.” 
###Chapter 152
Strings of Fate 
152–Touch and Taste 
Bellamy’s response is to grin while holding eye contact, he pulls his shirt off over his head in one smooth motion. I can’t help the squeak that escapes me as my eyes drop to his chest and abs, then back up again to his face. Why is my automatic reaction to think I need to close my eyes? I’m fairly sure that me looking away was not his goal when he removed his shirt. 
“Uhm…” I stare. Okay, is this better or worse than looking away? Bellamy reached out to take my hands in his. 
“Just relax. Don’t worry so much.” He says gently, lifting my hands and placing them on his chest. He reached around me and pulls me back up to straddle his lap again. I’m at least thirty percent sure that he chooses to sit this way because it’s easy for me to get away. He’s telling me to relax but I suspect he overthinks things just as much as me. At least he does afterwards. Bellamy leans in to kiss me again, successfully silencing my thoughts. 
I have no idea how long later, I feel Bellamy’s hand on the edge of my top again. He slips his hands underneath and after making sure I am not about to freak out, he begins pushing the edge of my top up. He stops with it just above my waist. I take a deep breath and remind myself that he’s seen me in much less before I pull back a little and remove my top the rest of the way, dropping it on the floor by the bed leaving me in my dark blue bra. It’s plain but I like it because it matches my hair. I can hear Bellamy’s cat–like purr as he slides me backwards off his lap and onto the pillows. Unlike me when he took his shirt off, Bellamy doesn’t look away for even half a second. His eyes are basically glued to me. He groans and gently pushes me back into the pillows, leaning over me to kiss my throat and collar bone. 
“You are so beautiful.” He murmurs against my skin and I shiver again, my hands find their way up into his hair then over the muscles of his back.Bellamy begins to move his attention lower, pressing his lips into my breast above the bra, then down to trail kisses over my stomach. His hands run up and down my sides, grazing my breasts and, when I don’t , they lightly touch me over the bra too, dragging a groan from me and triggering more purring sounds from Bellamy. I can feel the roughness of his jeans against my bare legs and I’m fairly sure my skirt has ridden up practically all the way again. I can feel it bunched up beneath me. I’m not the only one who notices. Bellamy runs his hand up my leg, brushes over the side of my underwear and up to my hip, only stopping when the skirt gets in the way. His other hand finds the zipper on the side. 
1/3 
152–Touch and Taste 
“May I?” He asks, his voice a little hoarse. I don’t think about it for long, the skirt is annoying and not really hiding anything anyway. 
“Okay.” I answer, my voice almost embarrassingly breathy. Bellamy carefully pulls at the zipper, pausing to straighten out my skirt a bit because the zipper won’t move past the bunched up fabric. Finally, he manages to pull the last part of the zipper down and slips the skirt from my body. From the way I can feel Bellamy’s muscles tensing above me, you would think he’s the one that is mostly naked. We spend several more, very pleasant minutes with Bellamy apparently determined to get to know every exposed part of me… with his lips. It’s not until he is pressing a hot kiss into the skin on the inside of my thigh, just above my knee that I stop him. 
“Bellamy.” I start, my tone a warning that he heeds immediately. He climbs his way back up my body, places a light kiss on my swollen lips and then rolls to the side off of me, ending on his back, his breathing ragged. I work to calm my racing heart and Bellamy appears to be doing the same. After a couple minutes he groans and climbs out of bed. 
“I think I should go take my shower now. His eyes are hot on me and I shiver under his gaze and nod. He steps into the ensuite. I locate a clean shirt to wear as my pyjamas, pull it over 
my head, then collapse back into bed to wait for Bellamy. 
I lie there quietly and listen to the sounds of the shower running. So much has happened. 
process, much less worry. I actually feel guilty for going out and having a good time when I should be looking for Kiara. I know I’m waiting for people to get back to me, but surely there should be SOMETHING that I can do in the meantime? Ugh, Bellamy needs to hurry up. He leaves me alone for two minutes and I’m stressing again. He isn’t gone long, but when he comes back to bed he is much calmer. As he pulls me into his side I also notice that he is chilled through. His shower was definitely a cold one. That can’t have been pleasant compared to Bellamy, I’m practically burning up. I’m surprised he isn’t shivering. Seriously, it feels like I’m messing with him somehow. How is he not completely sick of me? Or at least of this. 
today, it’s been busy and overwhelming. I’ve barely had time to ” 
“Bellamy?” I start, not sure what I’m planning to ask. He holds me tightly, clearly trying to 
steal some of my warmth. 
“Yes?” He answers simply. He still sounds pleased, abd maybe a little smug. But that can’t be right, I mean I just forced him to endure a likely unpleasant cold shower. 
2/3 
152–Touch and Taste 
“Do… do you think I’m… I don’t know… a tease?” I suggest. Bellamy rolls me carefully by my shoulders so that I’m facing him. His eyebrows are practically up in his hairline he has them raised so high. 
“After what just happened… why would you ask that?” He demands, curiosity and concern in his eyes. 
“That’s exactly why I’m asking. Enduring a cold shower can’t be fun and I can’t help but feel it’s my fault. Most normal people would be… ready by now. I’m the one with issues.” Bellamy shakes his head as well as he can without lifting it from the pillow. 
“Nah, if you were purposely working me up with the intention of leaving me… unsatisfied, then you would be a tease. As it is, I tend to get myself worked up either way. I mean I’m usually the one initiating things, as you mentioned earlier. A cold shower occasionally is well and truly worth it. I will take whatever I can get now knowing that eventually there will be… satisfaction.” A grin slides into place on Bellamy’s face and he winks at me. 
“Just think of this as extended foreplay.“Great, just when I had managed to get my blush under control it’s back again.. 
###Chapter 153
Strings of Fate 
153- Resolve and reality 
I resist the urge to hide my face in the pillows, and I suspect Bellamy knows, because he just grins even harder and leans in to kiss me lightly on the nose. In an attempt to avoid my embarrassment, or maybe just to pretend it doesn’t exist, I cast around for another subject, any subject other than… foreplay. 
“You know, I really needed the night out tonight. Thanks for helping make it happen without complaining. Or at least with minimal fuss. I really needed the distraction. And thanks for putting up with Harry, I swear he grows on you.” I promise. Still feeling awkward, I sit up to avoid Bellamy’s gaze and flick off the lamp leaving us in complete darkness before laying back down, still facing Bellamy. I don’t want to see anything, somehow things are less embarrassing in the dark. I can’t see a thing in this blackness, but he can, and I want him to be able to see my face and understand that I mean it. I really do appreciate his attempts to accept Harry. Incubi don’t tend to make a lot of friends and while it is often their own fault, it also leads to a lot of stereotypes that make life a lot harder for them if they actually do want to make close friends, or have an actual romantic relationship. Not that romance is usually at the top of their minds, but I’ve always known there would be someone out there for Harry, even before seeing his threads. He’s more loyal than most people, Incubus or not. I hope Cam is as awesome as I think she is because she is going to have to deal with a lot of judgemental. people. Everyone wants to sleep with an Incubus or Succubus, but in general, prudish people seem to believe that ‘respectable‘ people don’t date them. Bellamy sighs. 
“You don’t have to thank me for any of that. You should be able to go out to dinner with friends whenever you want. I wish I could always give you what you want. Maybe when this is all over I’ll be able to give you what you want more often.” He sounds sad and frustrated. 
“Yeah, but none of this is your fault. If it weren’t for you I’d probably have to lock myself in my home and never go outside. Actually to be honest if there really is someone out to get me, without you I would definitely be a goner by now.” I admit. I’m not sure that this is going to help my case for wanting to have independence, but Bellamy needs to know that I do appreciate his efforts to keep me safe. Even if I complain about it every now and then. He is 
tense beside me. 
“Don’t even talk about something bad happening to you. It won’t happen, I won’t allow it. Not now, not ever.” He growls out. 
1/3 
153- Resolve and reality 
“Still. Thank you. Tonight was a nice distraction and I know you’re not fond of Harry so I appreciate that you did this for me.” I repeat. Bellamy’s hand lands on my hip. 
“I don’t hate him exactly, I’m wary of him and a little jealous. It will help if he can make things work with that bartender girl. Hopefully it will mean he will stop flirting with you so much.” I giggle. 
610 
“I can’t promise that. Harry is Harry after all. I’m not sure he knows how else to behave. If you talk to him more he will probably start flirting with you too. It’s how he communicates. I promise you that he has no interest in me. None, zero, zilch. There have been entire conversations about how completely uninterested he is in me. Megan too if that helps any.” I throw in. 
“It does a little actually. You’ve done so much to fit into my life. I want to accept your friends. too. I want to like them even. I’m going to do my best to give Harrison a chance and in the meantime, I might need a little extra… reassurance from you, until I learn to trust him. Or… maybe a few distractions.” With that last statement, his voice takes on a wicked edge. 
“Oh?” I question. His hand moves from my hip down to my leg and back up again. I have a slight idea of what kind of distractions Bellamy is contemplating. 
“I- I can do that. Probably.” I respond awkwardly. Bellamy chuckles. 
“Speaking of distractions, come here.” He uses his hand on my leg to pull me in closer against him. His hand creeps around and lands on my ass. 
“Bellamy!” I laugh and he just holds me firmly in place. 
“Just sleep sweetheart. I’m not going to do anything, I just like holding you. It’s been a long day.” I’m about to , but then I remember. One of his Shifters was killed. I’m not the only one who had a hard time. I decide to let him get away with it, this time. 
“So compliant. I’m going to sleep well.” He mutters cheekily, but I can hear the sleep in his voice. He’s exhausted and practically asleep already. 
“Goodnight.” I whisper and listen as his breathing evens out and slows until he is completely asleep. I might have ed a little, but I really don’t mind Bellamy’s hand on me like this. 
2/3 
Bellamy might have cooled down in the shower, but I did no such thing. Still, I know one thing for sure. I might still be scared and be holding back right now, but my body and hormones are definitely one hundred percent on board with taking things further. It’s my mind that is struggling to catch up. I’m not even sure exactly what it is I’m waiting for. 
When I eventually sleep, I am not surprised to see Kiara again. It’s not as traumatising as last. night’s nightmare, but it is heartbreaking. She sobs. All night. Occasionally she manages to fall asleep, only to jerk awake moments later, a scream on her face. She is clearly having nightmares. I mean, who wouldn’t. But each time she wakes up she looks a little more broken and then continues sobbing. Her big eyes are red and swollen with black shadows underneath. Her cheek is still badly bruised. Her hair is so tangled I’m not sure it can even be brushed out at this point and I can see the shadows of bruises on her arms too. I can’t imagine ever being forced to watch someone die, much less be killed. But I know that there is no way she is coming out of this without some serious emotional scars. I just hope I can find her before it’s too late for her to heal, if it isn’t already too late. But no, I just refuse to think like that. I’m going to find her, Bellamy is going 
to help and we will find her. She will be a mess and is going to need a lot of care and love and I’m going to make sure she gets it. I don’t know what family she has left, but I’ll find them, and if I can’t… well, I don’t know. I’ll figure something out. I do my best to stay hopeful, I cling to my optimism and determination. But the longer I watch her cry, the more my heart breaks and the harder it is to convince myself that everything wi 
will turn out well. I wake carly in the morning and I can feel wet tears on my cheeks. Not ready to face reality, I turn and hide my face in Bellamy’s chest. He isn’t awake, not really, but he still wraps his arms tightly around me and pulls me in close, murmuring some reassuring nonsense and doing his best to be comforting. Eventually, I fall asleep again, my mind too tired to do anything other than let everything finally fade into blackness. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 154
Strings of Fate 
154- Rumours and realisations 
I spend half the morning annoying Bellamy by pacing the house anxiously and staring at the phone waiting for the Magic registration offices to call. They should call today, right? Well, at least I think Bellamy would be annoyed if he was paying any attention to my pacing at all. What is he doing anyway? My nervous anticipation would probably drive him crazy if he weren’t busy with something himself. He’s been glancing over at the front door every ten seconds since breakfast. At first I assumed it was because my pacing is annoying him, but now I’m thinking he’s waiting for someone. Are we expecting guests that I’ve forgotten about? Actually, no. He looks far too eager for us to be having guests. Bellamy only ever looks that eager when… well when I arrive if I’m totally honest. But I’m already here so I know he isn’t waiting for me. My question is answered when Aaron, Darrien and a woman I’ve never met before turn up at the door with a few boxes. Oh, my stuff. I was so eager for the phone call I actually totally forgot that I’m moving in completely today. So I guess in a way, Bellamy was waiting for me. It’s actually adorable how excited he is. I’m not as enthusiastic, not because I don’t want to be here, but mostly because I already collected all the things I care about the most. What’s left is mostly old trinkets and stuff I hoard as keepsakes. 
Bellamy introduces the woman who is with them as Rio. 
“Hey, I work security jobs with the guys sometimes.” She holds out a hand to shake. She looks. like a super athletic barbie doll. Tanned skin, curves and blonde hair. She’s gorgeous and smiles brightly. 
“Hello, I’m Ryann.” I say, shaking her hand lightly before releasing it. Who is she and why is 
she here exactly? 
“Oh, did Alpha Kane not tell you that I would be coming? He asked the security team to collect your stuff from your apartment but he suggested it might be useful for a woman to go along too. I usually get jobs where I need to blend in more, this was a nice relaxing way to spend the morning. Oh, I was the one to pack up the contents of your bedroom. I let the guys. take care of the living area and all the heavy lifting. We have your TV and all your kitchen stuff. We did leave your furniture, but we can go back for it if you need any of it?” She continues talking without so much as taking a breath. 
“I have been wondering who you are by the way, a lot of us have. I asked Alex but he won’t tell me anything. Darrien and Shaun just tell me I should keep my nose out of other people’s 
1/3 
154- Rumours and realisations 
business. Aaron won’t even answer when I ask. It’s so annoying. At first I thought you were just friends with Megan, but then Alpha Kane called and arranged all this so I was thinking maybe you’re close to him too. Then I found a bunch of his clothes in one of the drawers in 
your room. Sorry if I wasn’t meant to find that but I WAS packing up your stuff. Figured the guys shouldn’t have access to your underwear drawer and all that.” She notices my dumbstruck expression and finally, the talking stops. 
“Uh.” That’s about all I can get out. What just happened? She went through so much so fast. I guess that she is one of the female security guards that Bellamy told me about. I can see why he wouldn’t assign her to jobs where he wants to scare people off because she isn’t even remotely intimidating. I’d say she doesn’t blend in either, but to be honest I can’t imagine that anyone suspects her of being security of any kind. She might draw attention, but I doubt she draws suspicion. And apparently Bellamy called her to help pack up my stuff, he must have remembered how unenthusiastic I was at the idea of having any of the guys packing up my stuff. That’s really sweet of him. Although it may have backfired a little because finding Bellamy’s clothes in my dresser was more than a little bit of a hint as to our relationship. 
“Rio. You’ve said too much.” Bellamy’s tone is a dark warning and his brow is furrowed. He 
makes eye contact with her and her gaze hits the floor fast. 
“I apologise, Alpha Kane. I didn’t mean to overstep. I just thought…” Rio keeps her head lowered and trails off. Bellamy looks annoyed, but I suspect he is more annoyed at himself. I pat his arm and take a step in front of him. 
“What did you think, Rio? I’d like to know.” I tell her, trying to keep my tone friendly. She glances up through her eyelashes and my expression must be at least a little bit reassuring, which is my goal because she lifts her head to look up at me. 
“I thought you and Alpha Kane might be a couple. And I thought that if I’m having those thoughts I should tell you outright rather than pretend I don’t know. I thought it might be useful for you to know that… if this is some kind of secret, I’ll keep it to myself. But if you need anything… well I already know and I am always happy to help.” She sounds very uncomfortable. I glance back at Bellamy and I can see his expression has softened. He was just worried, not angry. 
“Thank you Rio. Uhm… 1, well. You’re… not exactly wrong. But I would rather not go telling everyone just yet. So I would appreciate it if you kept it to yourself. At least for now.” I tell 
her. She raises an eyebrow. 
2/3 
154- Rumours and realisations 
“You’re asking me. Not telling me.” She clarifies, she seems confused. I shrug. 
“Secrets shouldn’t be demanded. If you keep a secret for me, it’s a favour. Not something I can demand. Not to mention I’m not exactly in a position to be making demands.” I explain. It’s the truth. I don’t want everyone to know, but I’m not going to ORDER her to keep things to herself. She has the right to honesty if she wants it. She looks up at Bellamy who shrugs. 
“Ryann has my support for whatever she chooses to do.” He says firmly. Rio grins. 
“Congratulations Alpha Kane.” She turns to me. 
“And to you too. It seems you aren’t as far from making demands as you think you are.” She winks at me and I shrug awkwardly. 
Rio is nice… like… excessively nice, and for the first time I understand what Bellamy means 
when he says he has problems maintaining friendships with the other Shifters because they’re 
respectful. Rio treats me in a weirdly formal way. I suppose I need to get used to it, but I do hope she lightens up a little. I don’t want things to be like this all the time. She gives me her phone number and tells me about fifty times that she will keep her information about Bellamy and I’s relationship to herself. When she leaves, I find I am oddly exhausted. Bellamy 
carries my boxes upstairs. Aaron stays downstairs and moves the kitchen boxes to.. Well, the kitchen. Interestingly, Bellamy lets Darrien come upstairs to the ‘family only zone‘ to help carry boxes to his… I mean, OUR room. I’ve only seen Darrien step up for like thirty seconds to call Megan or to help her with something, except for that one time he helped Megan with that video project. He’s definitely never been allowed in Bellamy’s room. I can confirm this based on how curious he is to look around. Bellamy is definitely trusting Darrien a lot more and I’d say he’s even fond of him now. It’ll be good for him to have a brother. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 155
Strings of Fate 
155- Sisters and similarities 
Once everyone leaves, Bellamy pulls me aside to talk. 
“Ry, I didn’t mean for Rio to find out about us like that. It was an accident. I was just trying to be considerate. I guess I didn’t think it through as well as I should have.” His tone is apologetic. I sigh. 
“I know that Bels, It’s not your fault. I’m not mad. Accidents happen.” I reassure him. He looks relieved, then contemplative. 
“You didn’t have to tell her the truth.” He remarks. I roll my eyes. 
“Sure I did. I said I want to keep things to ourselves, that doesn’t mean I want to outright lie to people. Rio already confirmed that there are rumours and eventually, I suppose we will confirm them.” I think aloud. Bellamy smiles happily. 
“Good. I wouldn’t enjoy having to hear you deny that you’re mine.” He hugs me tightly and I poke him in the ribs. 
“Maybe you’re mine.” I tease and he just laughs. 
“Of course I’m yours. That was implied.” He assures me. 
“Good.” I pull back. 
And thank you by the way, for trying to be considerate by getting a woman to pack my stuff. Now. I’m still waiting for a phone call. I’m going to go unpack my stuff while I wait. Wanna come and rearrange it all when I inevitably put it in the ‘wrong‘ spots.” I joke. Bellamy grins. 
“That sounds perfect.” 
Apparently I’ve collected more junk over the years than I thought I had. It takes way longer to put away than expected. Some things I just throw away, but it’s interesting seeing how my stuff fits into Bellamy’s room. We set aside a few things because Bellamy has declared that he wants to build another shelf to display some of my favourite things. We’re just breaking down 
1/4 
155- Sisters and similarities 
the boxes so we can recycle them when my phone rings. I launch myself at it where it’s waiting on the bed and I’m breathless when I answer. 
“Hello? This is Ryann Gale.” 
“Good afternoon Alpha Gale, this is Joshua from the Magic Registration Office. I believe we spoke a few days ago.” He greets me pleasantly. I flinch a little at the title he gives me. I might be registered as the feline Alpha female, but that doesn’t mean I really am the Alpha. Bellamy is smiling at me with a combination of glee and nervousness. I guess he’s still concerned that I’m mad at him. I find that I’m not mad, just uncomfortable. 
“Just Ryann is fine Joshua and yes I remember you. Were you able to get me the 
information?” I try to keep my tone calm and confident, but inside I’m a mix of raging nerves. I need this information, I will definitely freak out if he says no. Tears are guaranteed. But not before a rampage and me probably picking a fight. 
“Well, my supervisors were understandably reluctant to hand over information about such a young girl to someone clearly unrelated to her, but when I mentioned your new registration 
status as well as your own unknown magic, they agreed that I could pass on some of her information, not everything but hopefully enough to help you. Although I have to inform you that there are strings attached. There is an expectation that should you learn more about your own magic that you update your registration in a timely manner.” Well that’s not so bad, I would have done that either way. The registration system might be a little extreme and it doesn’t help with the racist members of society, but it does help avoid certain misunderstandings and safety issues. Besides, it’s not that difficult to just wear long sleeves if don’t want to advertise what you are. I’m not saying the system is perfect, but it’s the one we’ve got, and it’s the one that (most) people have agreed to. 
you 
“That won’t be a problem. If I learn anything new about myself I’ll be happy to update the MRO in a timely manner.” I assure him. 
“Excellent!.” Joshua answers cheerfully. 
“Well, I’ve made up a file which I can email through to you in a moment, but I thought I might explain some of the information that I included which might be a little unexpected, as well as give reasons for the information that was excluded.” 
2/4 
155–Sisters and similarities 
“Right, sure. That would be great.” I consider 
the call on speakerphone for Bellamy, 
but he can hear everything being said either way so I don’t see the point. 
“Okay, well first, the main piece of information that has been excluded is Kiara Brooks race. It was deemed irrelevant and as it is not public knowledge and could put her at risk it is better. kept private. She was marked with the symbol for her magic which is additional to her race.” He begins. That’s… odd. The whole point of the system is that knowing what people are puts them at LESS risk of silly accidents. Why exactly would a little girl need to keep it secret? 
What could she be? 
“Alright.” I respond, doubtfully. 
“Kiara Brooks is recorded as a magic that is all at once completely unique and not at all. She is the representative of one of the three sisters of fate. Her record doesn’t state which sister.” 
“Sisters of fate?” I question. 
“Yeah, I think the most commonly known version is that in Greek myths, maiden, mother, crone, ones who make, measure and cut the strings that represent a person’s life. Those sisters.” He explains. Huhs, that doesn’t sound exactly like my magic, but strings of fate are at definite connection. Could I be one of these representatives? 
“Okay, what else can you tell me?” I ask curiously 
“Ah yes, well this is where it gets a little more complicated. When I was looking the girl up in our system and I realised that her magic was part of a set, I thought it might be useful to help in identifying your magic if you had that information too. So I went ahead and put through additional information requests on your behalf to get information about 
else 
with the same mark as Miss Brooks. It’s not strictly against the rules, but is definitely bending them a little as you didn’t make the formal request, but I thought it might save you some 
time.” Joshua admits nervously. 
anyone 
“Any information you can give would be amazing. I really appreciate you putting in so much effort for me.” I encourage him and I can practically feel him perking up on the other end of 
the phone. 
“You’re very welcome. Okay so, the additional information that I have included in the file is 
3/4 
155- Sisters and similarities 
the names and contact information for two more people who have the same mark as Kiara Brooks. I don’t know much about them other than that the three of them are supposedly representative of the sisters of fate.” Oh, so there are already three of them. So I guess I can’t be one of them. But still, maybe there is something else similar that one of them might know about? Or at least they might know something that would help us work out why Kiara was taken. Either way it’s a solid lead. 
“Do v 
you 
think that information might be useful to you?” Joshua sounds unsure again and I realise I’ve waited too long to answer. 
“Oh sorry, I was just thinking. That sounds incredibly useful, really. Thank you so much for doing such a thorough job looking into this for me. You’re very good at your job.” I praise. 
him. 
“Great, that’s just… great. I wanted to be thorough. I have to admit I’m curious to see if your magic can be identified. You’re the only unknown magic in this city right now and I love a good mystery. It also never hurts to be on an Alpha’s good side.” He jokes. Aaaaand I’m uncomfortable again. 
“Ah, well. Thanks again. I’ll look into it and if I can figure out what I am I promise I’ll let you know. Thank you for all your help.” I wrap up the call. I turn to Bellamy and he takes my 
hand. 
“Let’s head to the office. We have some information to sort through and some people to track 
down.” 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 156
Strings of Fate 
156–Information and introductions 
The files that Joshua sent me are actually fairly straight forward, mostly because there isn’t all that much to them. Kiara’s file just includes her name, Kiara Anne Brooks, her age, nine, a picture of her mark and a label which says ‘Sister of fates. One of three.‘ Leave it to the MRO to make something unique and interesting sound like it’s being checked off a list. Her race is blanked out since I wasn’t approved for that information. It also lists her parents as her next of kin and their contact information. This is clearly going to need updating. 
“We should find out if Kiara has any other family. We’re going to need to contact them when we find her.” I declare firmly. Bellamy nods. 
“I’ll get Alex to look into it. If anyone can find that information it’s him.” He promises. 
“Thanks.” 
“You know, for a minute there on that phone call I thought you might be one of these sisters of fate. But if there are already three I guess not, huh?” Bellamy comments. I sigh. 
“Yeah, I had the same thought. But nope. If it were that easy I probably would have figured it 
out years ago. Besides, their marks all match apparently and while my powers and mark both seem fairly similar, they aren’t quite the same.” I remind him. 
“Yes. It doesn’t say much about what these sisters of fate’s magic actually is.” I point out. 
“Well the easiest way to learn more is probably to ask the sisters of fate themselves.” Bellamy says, swapping over the documents. 
“Oh, well for starters, I suppose ‘sisters‘ is just a label, because one of these is a guy.” I note. 
“Yes. Also they are both different races and as a result it is rather unusual but they have two marks. They each have a ‘sister of fate‘ mark and a race mark. Their races are no secret. A. Banshee and a Witch.” Bellamy adds. The files don’t say much else. The Banshee is a man named Colin Demy and the Witch is of course a woman and her name is Adeline Landry. It lists an email and phone number contact for each of them and… that’s about it. I suppose I don’t really need more information than that to contact them. 
1/4 
156- Information and introductions 
In the end, Bellamy is the one who calls them on my behalf. Mostly because when I dial the first number and Colin Demy answers the phone, I get so nervous and tongue tied that nothing comes out and I spend thirty seconds listening to him repeatedly ask if someone is actually there. Bellamy rescues me by taking over. He briefly explains that we are seeking information about his particular type of magic and would love a chance to meet at his earliest convenience. The man lives out of town and Bellamy offers to pay for flights and accommodation if he would come visit. The man declines saying that he has responsibilities at home. Disappointed but not dissuaded, Bellamy suggests a video call so that we can talk properly and the man agrees. We schedule a call for two o’clock tomorrow when Colin is available to chat longer. Bellamy takes one look at my pale, anxious face and calls Adeline Landry himself, putting the phone on speakerphone so that I can hear. 
“Hello?” A cheerful sounding woman answers. 
“Good afternoon. My name is Bellamy Kane and I am here with Ryann Gale. We are calling as we are in the process of investigating your particular type of magic and how it connects to Ryann’s own magic as well as the magic of a young girl who is currently missing.” He explains. He continues to answer her questions about what it is we’re after until Adeline turns 
her attention to me. 
“Ryann was it? You’re awfully quiet dear.” She comments.. 
“Oh… sorry. I guess I’m just nervous. I’ve been looking for information about my magic my whole life. This is the closest thing I’ve found so far.” I explain. 
“Oh, well I’ll be happy to help however I can. But despite your gentleman friend’s generous offers, I have a job to see to and I just can’t take a last minute trip.” She sounds apologetic. 
to join on 
“I understand. Would… would you be available tomorrow at two to join on a video call with us and someone else who has the same mark as you? I’m hoping we can figure out SOMETHING.” I ask. She agrees, readily telling me that she will have her son figure it out since she has very little knowledge of computers. 
Once we are done with the phone calls Bellamy watches me pace the office anxiously. After about two minutes of this he jumps from his seat and grabs me by the shoulders. 
“No. No way, you have until two pm tomorrow to stress about this and if you spend that 
2/4 
156- Information and introductions 
whole time pacing there are going to be holes in the carpet and you’ll be so on edge you’ll probably bite someone’s head off and since I’m the closest person I would rather avoid that. Sweetheart, what can I do to help you calm down?” Bellamy demands. 
“I… I don’t know. Give me something to do, something that will keep my mind occupied at least for a while.” I request. Bellamy nods. 
“I have just the thing. You wanted work. I have an inbox full of emails just waiting to be answered.” Bellamy spins his chair around and guides me into it. 
“Have at it.” He turns me towards the desk and leaves the room. 
“But I-” I start to speak, but he’s already walked off. Probably to stop me from arguing. I know I agreed to this, but I didn’t expect him to just leave me alone right away. Then again, I guess he is still in the house. I can go find him if I need help, or ask Megan. In fact there are plenty of people I could ask for advice. So maybe this won’t be as hard as I worry it might be. 
Alright, first problem. Bellamy’s emails are a MESS. All kinds of emails are all mixed together and almost every single one is marked as urgent. I start by making different mail boxes so I can sort the emails. I mark one for communications with the Alphas, one for personal communications, one for Shifters asking for advice or judgement and then one for all other official communications. I now have the suitably distracting task of sorting the emails into the appropriate folders. Communications from the Alphas are easy enough, I just do a search. for their names and then move any emails from them into the right folder. The rest of the emails are far more difficult. Bellamy has literally hundreds of unopened emails. How is he so far behind? I’m horrified when I notice the oldest email is only a few days old. How many emails does he GET? I get to it. Opening each email one at a time and sorting them. When I come across emails from Shifters asking for guidance or judgement I open them briefly to check if they’re urgent. Most of them don’t seem to be too time sensitive. When I find ones that are, I stop and do my best to write answers. Bellamy returns an hour later with food and I have a collection of three emails that I have written but not sent. I think my answers are good, but to send them under Bellamy’s name… I just want him to check them first. Bellamy encourages me to take a break and have something to eat while he looks over them for me. 
###Chapter 157
Strings of Fate 
157- Organising and ordering 
Bellamy reads over the emails I wrote and without saying a word, hits send on each one. 
“Bellamy! You didn’t even fix anything!” I . 
“That’s because there wasn’t anything that needed fixing. Have a little faith in yourself sweetheart. You’re doing well. Oh and I see you’ve been organising too. I’ll do my best to follow along with your system. It will definitely help. Thanks.” He adds. 
“I have no idea how someone as obsessively organised as you can have such a chaotic mailbox. It must be the only disorganised thing in this house. Other than Megan’s closet that 
is.” Bellamy laughs. 
“Maybe. I clean and sort things to avoid thinking about work. Sorting my mailbox would be at dreadful combination of the two and the exact opposite of relaxing. I am completely happy to 
hand the task of sorting it to you.” Huh, I hadn’t thought of it that way. I guess as someone who has to make a lot of important decisions that affect other people’s lives, there would be something satisfying about something as simple as just organising and putting things away where they belong. 
“Now, eat your food then you can answer more emails. We should link my mailbox up to your laptop. Not that I mind you working at my desk, but you seemed far more comfortable curled up in the recliner.” Bellamy notes. 
“You’re not wrong. But my laptop barely functions well enough to play movies. I think If I used it for much more it would probably stop working all together.” I admit. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Well that’s not a problem I’ll just buy- I mean, could I buy you a new one? It would be for work as well as your personal use so you can hardly even count it as a gift.” Bellamy backtracks his original statement and makes it a request. 
“I don’t know…” I trail off. Bellamy seems encouraged by the fact that I didn’t outright refuse 
and just carries on. 
“In that case I will just buy myself a laptop and you can borrow it.” He decides. I raise an 
1/4 
157- Organising and ordering 
eyebrow. 
“How is that any better? You still spend money on something you won’t use.” I insist. 
Bellamy just shrugs. 
“Ry, I can’t help myself. You don’t seem to get it yet but it’s still true. What’s mine is yours, that won’t change so I don’t see the point in holding back. Besides, this is for work, let me do this for us. It helps me too. Then we can both work and get things done twice as fast.” He reasons. I take my time and finish the last few bites of the pastry he bought earlier. 
“Well… if it’s for work.” I give in. Bellamy beams. He is far too delighted to be spending money. Or rather he is too excited to be spending money on me. I’m just going to have to make sure to save him enough work for it to be worth it. 
“Okay, move over. I’m done eating and there are emails to answer. 
I move on to answering some of the less urgent emails. I stop and ask Bellamy for advice a few times, but most of the issues aren’t actually the kind of thing that are specific to Shifters. Mostly it’s just asking for clarification on rules or permission for various projects around the compound. Eventually I do come along to an email with an actual issue. Two Shifter men are arguing about, typically enough, a woman. From what I gather, the email is actually from the woman herself. The men have both been trying for her attention and despite the fact that she has done her best not to encourage either of them, they have both become excessively territorial over her and their arguments have gotten increasingly heated to the point that they are getting physical. I call Bellamy over to help. 
“Bellamy, do you have any idea who these people are or what the hell is going on with them?” I enquire. Bellamy frowns. 
“I hadn’t heard anything about this. I know the individuals and it’s a little strange, neither of them are particularly hot–tempered men. Though I suppose love makes people do crazy 
things.” He says with a wink. I roll my eyes. 
“What, like starting fights over a woman who they’re not even dating?” I say dryly. Bellamy 
shrugs. 
“I started a fight with your neighbour the day I met you.” He reminds me. 
2/4 
157- Organising and ordering 
“I guess. But that was a little different. You were defending me and you didn’t really start that fight, he did. You just… finished it. Either way, if this woman is asking for help, they have clearly taken it way too far.” I point out. 
“Yes they have.” He agrees. 
“I’m not sure this can be solved with an email.” I admit. Bellamy nods. 
“I agree. We will have to talk to them in person. I will contact all three of them and have them come here first thing tomorrow. If nothing else it can keep you distracted for a few extra minutes.” He suggests. 
“But… won’t it be weird for me to be there for that?” I ask nervously. Bellamy shrugs. 
“You’re my houseguest. They already know you’re in the house. There is no issue with you being around, if they I can just say I thought it would be more comfortable for there to be a woman present as well. I can say that Megan is busy.” He waves off my concerns with a smile and he sounds so reasonable that I find myself agreeing easily enough. I send an email back to the Shifter woman informing her that she will need to be here at nine am tomorrow. 
I sit back and push myself away from the desk. Despite my best attempts to stay distracted, my mind keeps looping back to learning about my magic and learning more about Kiara. How can something as common as magic still be so difficult to learn about? Actually, all the magic 
involved in the murders and kidnapping has been excessively difficult to learn about. Not that I’m much of an expert. What I really need is to talk to a Witch, but they aren’t generally very open when it comes to talking about their spells, they couldn’t charge nearly so much for it if everyone knew what was involved after all. 
“Bellamy, do you know any Witches who might talk to me about magic? I want to ask about the spells used in Kiara’s kidnapping but I don’t know anyone who would talk to me.” I ask. Bellamy contemplates for a minute before sighing. 
“I… I don’t think I do.” His tone is apologetic. An idea strikes. 
“What about Dr Dae? She had all those healing potions. She must have a Witch contact who 
trusts her fairly well because there is no way she purchased that many potions at a regular 
store.” I point out. Bellamy shrugs. 
3/4 
157- Organising and ordering 
“You’re probably not wrong, but Alpha or not, I don’t think Dr Dae will tell me anything, she is incredibly secretive about her contacts. I understand why, a Witch could get in a lot of trouble for being so generous with their magic.” I appreciate that he is unwilling to push Dr. Dae and I agree that it wouldn’t be right to force her to share, but… she did say to contact her if I needed help and surely if she knew that a little girl’s life is in danger she would want to help. The Witch contact too. It can’t hurt to ask. 
“I’m going to message Dr Dae. The worst she can do is say no.” I reason. Bellamy shrugs. 
“Do as you like, I doubt she will agree but it’s worth a try.” 
Dr Dae is as uncooperative via text as she is in person. But she does agree to ask her contact if she will speak to me. She warns me that she won’t force or pressure anything. She will only pass on my request. I thank her and, finally satisfied that I have done everything that I can tonight, I let Bellamy convince me to go to bed and get some much needed sleep. 
###Chapter 158
158- Panic and passing out 
I should have known better than to hope I would actually get some rest. I don’t think I even remember anymore what it’s like to just have a regular dream. Instead I’m stuck in these nightmarish visions of Kiara. The only thing that makes them even remotely bearable is my hope that they will provide some kind of useful information which I can use to find and rescue her. The moment I see the look of dread on Kiara’s face, I know that tonight is going to be another bad night. There is nothing I can do to help her right now other than sit through it with her. Maybe if I focus hard enough she will feel it somehow, the same way I can feel her. I just wish I could tell her that she isn’t alone, that there are people looking for her. Tonight is one of the worst nights, because rather than screaming, crying or fighting, 
Kiara looks like she is begs. The way she drops to her knees and grabs out, it looks like 
she is tugging on someone’s hand or clothes. Even worse is when she falls backwards as if she’s been pushed out of the way. She looks pale and sickly as she literally crawls. She reaches out like she did the night of the last murder and I feel as sick as she looks. Once again, she looks away, then drops her hand. Unlike last time, she immediately turns to the side and throws up, although it appears to be mostly bile. She definitely hasn’t been eating. enough. Not that I imagine she wants to eat. Someone just died. I know it. I need to know what Kiara’s magic is more than ever, because they’re making her do something before the people die and I need to know what it is. Suddenly without warning, Kiara slumps to the side and passes out. There must be something different about being unconscious to being asleep, because unlike when she’s asleep, my vision comes to an immediate stop. 
I wake with a jolt and sit up in bed so fast that I elbow Bellamy in the face. 
“Ow, what the hell?” He grumbles, rubbing at his chin where I hit it. I am gasping for air, I feel like my chest is being crushed in a vice and my heart is beating so fast that I’m afraid it’s going to burst. Bellamy immediately sits up and pulls me into his lap. 
“Shhh, it’s okay, you’re okay. I need you to breathe for me sweetheart. Can you do that for me? Just take one deep breath in. Slowly, just breathe in.” Honestly I don’t think it really matters what Bellamy is saying, It’s the soothing tone of his voice that is helping me calm down. Lying against his chest like this, I can hear his heartbeat and despite his calm voice, it’s racing nearly as fast as mine. I must be scaring him. I need to pull myself together. I force myself to listen to his directions and I take a strangled breath in. 
“Good girl, now breathe out.” He praises me and if I weren’t feeling so awful I would have to 
1/3 
158- Panic and passing out 
roll my eyes. But he’s being sweet so I guess I’ll let him get away with talking to me like at child this once. I release my breath and let Bellamy coach me through a few more before I start to breathe normally again, if a little fast. My heart starts to slow and as my heart rate drops to a more normal pattern, so does Bellamy’s. I find myself sitting in Bellamy’s lap, clutching the front of his shirt so tight that my knuckles have turned white. 
“Sorry I hit you.” I whisper, my voice weak. Bellamy just runs a hand up my back soothingly. 
“Never mind that. What happened? Was it another dream?” He asks. Following my lead, his voice is also barely more than a whisper. I nod and hide my face in his chest, taking what comfort I can. 
“Yes. It was bad. I’m pretty sure… I think there was another murder.” I confess. I can feel Bellamy tense up for a second, then he forces himself to relax as he continues trying to calm 
me down. 
“Tell me what you saw.” He says it as an order, but I know it isn’t really. Either way I tell him everything. Bellamy stretches and manages to grab his phone from the bedside table. He makes a quick call, I’m not sure who to, and basically tells them to be on the lookout for 
another murder and to put out an alert for everyone to check on their loved ones. At very least he can do his best to account for all the Shifters. Call made, he drops the phone back on 
the bed and turns his attention back to me. 
“Sweetheart, what can I do?” He asks, he sounds almost desperate. I shrug hopelessly. 
“What do you usually do when you’re upset?” he demands. 
“I don’t know. Work, keep busy. When there’s no work I sometimes watch old cartoons.” I tell him, thinking of my blanket fort movie night with Harry. Bellamy nods determinedly. 
“I can make that happen.” He briefly moves me off his lap so that he can grab my laptop and bring it to the bed. He immediately drags me back into his lap and flips it open. It only takes him a couple minutes to have old cartoons playing. I have no idea what time it is, but I don’t want to think about it right now anyway. I just curl up in Bellamy’s lap while we watch 
cartoons in the dark. 
I wake up much slower than my panicked awakening last night. There is an alarm going off, 
2/3 
158- Panic and passing out 
it’s obnoxious but I can’t bring myself to care enough to turn it off. Bellamy eventually moves. to silence the awful sound. My whole body feels worn out, like I did a huge work out or spent way too much time in the sun. Bellamy looks groggy and there are shadows underneath his eyes that I’m sure are a matching set with the ones I must have. 
“Are you okay? I can take care of the Shifters coming for mediation myself.” he offers. It is tempting, REALLY tempting. But I suspect that if I stay in bed now, I’m just going to get myself all worked up again. I shake 
my head to refuse his offer. 
“I would rather stay with you.” Bellamy gives me a half smile and offers to let me shower first. I agree, partially because my hair takes forever to dry and partially because I feel really gross. When I was having my panic attack last night, I must have been sweating. Gross, poor Bellamy had to deal with it. Not that he complained, he never really complains which somehow makes me feel better and worse at the same time. Bellamy showers while I get. dressed and we both head downstairs. Bellamy insists on me eating breakfast although I don’t have much of an appetite. Still, I manage to force down a couple pieces of toast to make him happy. We are just tidying up the last of the dishes when a knock on the door lets us know that the Shifters have arrived. 
Chapter Comments 
6 
###Chapter 159
Strings of Fate 
159- Lectures and letting go 
Bellamy answers the door and leads what has to be the smallest Shifter woman I have ever seen, through to his office. I follow along and make myself comfortable in my usual recliner. Bellamy sits behind his desk and gestures for the tiny woman to take a seat across from him. She glances curiously at me and Bellamy notices her eyes drifting towards me. 
“Shelly, this is my friend Ryann. Ryann, this is Shelly.” He waits as I give an awkward little wave and Shelly gives a half smile. 
“Ryann is here because it might be a little more comfortable for you if there is another woman present and my sister is currently unavailable.” Bellamy explains my presence. Shelly’s eyebrows fly up and she considers me for a moment before turning back to Bellamy. 
“Thank you Alpha Kane, that’s very… considerate of you.” She turns back to me and gives me 
a proper smile this time. Huh, seems like she actually does want me here. Fancy that. I 
thought she would be uncomfortable with a stranger here. Bellamy goes to answer the door a second time, leaving me alone with Shelly for a minute. She watches me curiously and I can 
tell she wants to ask me something, but she keeps her mouth shut and when Bellamy returns 
it’s too late for me to find out what she wanted to know. The two Shifter men who follow 
Bellamy into the room are just as big as all the other Shifter men I’ve met so far. At this point 
I am fairly convinced all Shifters have a tendency to be large, tall and muscular. Shelly is a 
clear exception. Not that she doesn’t look fit. She is just kind of compact. The two men stand on either side of Shelly. Bellamy also remains standing, apparently unwilling to sit while they stand over him. He gives them both the same explanation for my presence and introduces them as Rick and Adrian. The first thing I notice is that neither of the men have a red thread with Shelly, or any thread at all. So not mates, not that it makes their feelings any less valid now. But it’s useful to know I guess. What is interesting though is that both men do have a 
thread to each other. A blue one. So like Megan and I, they’re meant to be friends. Not that 
you would know based on how they’re currently glaring at each other. 
“Do you 
all know why you’ve been called here?” Bellamy asks. Adrian nods while Rick gives a non–committal half shrug. Both men look kind of pissed off but they turn their focus to Bellamy and pay attention. 
“Okay, well to make it clear. You have both been courting Shelly and are becoming increasingly aggressive towards each other. It has escalated too far and you are here so that I 
1/4 
159- Lectures and letting go 
can put a stop to it. First, Shelly. Do you have anything you want to say?” Shelly seems to be a rather timid person and she glances back at me before answering. 
“I… just what I wrote to you before. I just want the fighting to stop.” She answers, her voice barely more than a whisper. Bellamy nods and Adrian at least looks a little guilty. Rick just rolls his eyes. 
“Thank you Shelly. Now, one at a time. What is going on? Rick, you go 
first.” Bellamy orders. Rick rolls his shoulders back and from the way he’s standing you would think he was 
preparing to fight. 
“I asked Shelly out first and then this bastard started sniffing around her all the time. He’s 
constantly getting in my way!” He says aggressively. Bellamy doesn’t react, just turns to 
Adrian. 
“And you?” He prompts. Adrian shrugs. 
“She’s single and I’m interested. This prick picks a fight every time I so much as talk to her.” He isn’t as aggressive, but he doesn’t look happy. If anything I would say he’s just better at controlling his temper, or hiding it at very least. 
“You shouldn’t BE talking to her. You know I’m courting her! Just back the hell off!” He 
growls. 
“Make me.” Adrian taunts. Rick takes a step towards him and Bellamy intervenes. 
“Enough!” He doesn’t raise his voice, but there is no questioning his authority. Both men freeze and move back to their original positions on either side of Shelly. 
“I don’t care who saw her first or who asked her out first or anything like that. It is no excuse to start fights. I expect more control than that.” Bellamy keeps his voice controlled but I can tell he’s getting annoyed. I can’t blame him. These two grown men are acting like children. fighting over a toy in the playground. 
“It ends now.” Bellamy orders. Both men reluctantly nod, but I can see that they are even 
more pissed off than they were when they got here. I think Shelly sees it too because her shoulders slump forwards. Something about how hopeless she looks triggers my temper and I 
2/4 
159- Lectures and letting go 
push my way up out of the recliner. 
“May 1?” I ask Bellamy, gesturing at the two men. He raises an eyebrow curiously and gives a single nod. 
“Thanks.” I turn to Shelly first. 
“Shelly, do you want to date Rick?” I bluntly ask. She shakes her head. 
“No.” She answers quietly but firmly. 
“Do you want to date Adrian?” I follow up. 
“No.” She repeats, sounding a little more confident. I turn to the men. 
“Well, that’s that then. You are both competing for a prize that neither of you are even in the running to win. You need to get it through your heads. Shelly isn’t interested in you. She does. not want you to court her. Your childish attempts to change her mind are not only disrespectful of the choice she has made, they are going to drive her further away.” I lecture. 
“You both need to move on already, you are actually both very similar and if you could stop insulting each other for five minutes you would probably find that you get along great. Basically what I’m saying is pull your heads out of your asses and grow up!” I cross my arms over my chest and glare at them. Adrian looks contrite but Rick is just glaring at me. He opens his mouth to argue but I cut him off. 
“No, I don’t want to hear it. There is no good reason to behave the way you’re acting. Do you feel good about yourself? You are scaring and upsetting the woman you claim to care for to the point that she had to go to her Alpha for help. All you’re doing is hurting her.” I reprimand him. Finally, I see a hint of shame in his eyes. 
“I apologise Shelly. I will do better respecting your boundaries and controlling my temper.” Adrian apologies. FINALLY, something is getting through to them. Rick follows right away. 
“Me too, I’m sorry Shelly. No more fighting. I’ll…leave you be. But if you ever change your mind, let me know.” He says with a grin. Shelly rolls her eyes. 
3/4 
159- Lectures and letting go 
“Good. Much better, both of you. I suggest you find something else to compete over, you 
clearly have some aggression and competitiveness to work out.” I grumble. Bellamy nods his 
agreement. 
“I agree with Ryann. Now, is there anything else we need to discuss?” Bellamy demands. All three of them shake their heads and Bellamy dismisses them.. 
Chapter Comments 
5 
###Chapter 160
Strings of Fate 
160- Warning and wearing 
The men shuffle their way out of Bellamy’s office. They look sufficiently subdued, I’m pretty sure I got through to them, or at least reminded them of their manners. Shelly lingers after 
leave. Once I hear the front door open and close, she speaks up. 
thes 
“Thanks. They’re really not bad guys, I think they were more interested in competing with each other than they actually were interested in me.” She admits. 
“Yeah, I kinda agree. But I’m sure you’ll find someone eventually.” I tell her, trying to force. some optimism into my tone. Now that this issue has been dealt with I’m moving back to stressing about my vision last night and the upcoming video call this afternoon. Still, I do my best to stay focussed on what she’s saying. I’m pretty sure she can tell that I’m distracted though. She thanks Bellamy formally and then heads out. 
Bellamy immediately pulls out his phone. 
“It’s been going off pretty much since they got here. But I’m fairly sure I know why…” He calls back. 
“Hey Alex. Yes. Okay, one second, I’m putting you on speaker phone for Ryann.” He hits the speaker button then places it on the desk between us. 
“Go on Alex.” Bellamy prompts. 
“I spent the morning keeping an eye on reports and checking in on any Shifters in the area 
who fit the murderer’s preferred victim type and… well Miss Gale I’m very sorry to have to tell you that you were right. There was another murder.” Alex pauses, presumably to give up time to process before giving us any more information. Bellamy swears loudly and I just collapse into the seat Shelly vacated and lower my head onto the desk. I wish I could say I’m. surprised, but I’m not. I already knew, I had my freak out last night, I’ve already moved onto being a combination of angry and numb. Not to mention tired. So, soo tired. But at this point I’ve given up on being anything other than completely exhausted until Kiara is safe. Once Bellamy calms down a little, he asks Alex to continue. 
“Another Shifter woman, but not one of ours. Which is why it took me so long to find out. 
1/5 
Warning and wearing 
She was a Canine Shifter. I don’t know much about her just yet. I’ll find out more just as soon as I can and the guys are going to go check out the crime scene, but from what was reported it looks pretty much the same as all the other murders. No forced entry, only one death with no obvious cause.” He sums up. 
“They did find vomit at the scene. That’s different.” Alex comments. I don’t even lift my head 
from the desk. 
“It’s Kiara’s I saw her thr 
up.” I mumble into the wood. Bellamy moves behind me and grabs my shoulders pulling me up into a sitting position. He starts massaging my neck and shoulders. I’m not even sure if he’s doing it to comfort me or for himself. I’ve noticed that he likes physical touch when he’s upset. I lean back in the chair and rest my head against his 
abdomen. 
“Ah, right. Well, I’ll update you when I have any more information. Alpha, did you need anything else while I’m on the line?” Alex asks. 
“No, thankyou Alex.” Bellamy answers and Alex hangs up with a click. Bellamy sighs. 
“I’ll need to call the Alphas. At least now there’s no way that they can say this is unrelated to 
the Shifters, that’s two now. I don’t know if there’s anything they can do that we aren’t 
already doing, but at least they can be on the lookout. They can get their Shifters to be on their guard, keep an eye on the young woman. I’m concerned that it’s two Shifters in a row. Is that a coincidence or are the psychos targeting Shifters now?” Bellamy thinks aloud. His 
hands have moved to stroking and running through my hair. Damn that feels good. 
“It’s stupid that it takes this much to get their attention.” I complain. Although my heart isn’t in it. Not because I don’t believe it, because I totally do, but because I am really struggling to think about anything other than what Bellamy’s fingers are doing in my hair. It’s a welcome change actually, not thinking. I actually groan when Bellamy finally steps away. He starts 
making phone calls to af for a meeting with the other Alphas. He starts with Alpha 
Kohen, probably because it’s the only call that won’t completely suck. As predicted, the call finishes quickly as Alpha Kohen goes to make arrangements for security for his Shifters almost immediately. The next two calls take a lot longer. What I’m most horrified by is that Bellamy seems to be informing the Canine Alpha about his own Shifter’s death. I know we were on the lookout, but still, shouldn’t he know before we do? Then again, we did have one heck of a prior notice system. 
2/5 
160- Warning and wearing 
I spend some time going through more emails before Bellamy forces me to break for lunch. I reluctantly agree but honestly the thought of eating… ugh. I manage to force down a little but I’m too nervous. Bellamy sighs and pulls out his phone. 
“What are you doing?” I ask. 
“Calling in reinforcements.” He says vaguely. I understand what he means when my phone 
vibrates. 
COCK TALES 
Bellamy- Ryann needs distracting! 
here. 
at least another hour and a half. Someone help me out 
Megan- On it. 
Before I can so much as write a response, Megan comes thundering down the stairs. 
“Ry! Is something wrong? Tell me all about it. Also I’m doing some online shopping and I need you to vote yes or no for some items.” She insists. When she reaches the kitchen I can 
see that she is clutching her laptop and phone to her chest. 
COCK TALES 
Amber- I vote yes to the blue one and the grey one ladies. Also the black skirt and the white wedge heels. 
Darrien- Do you guys want me to bring anything? I could get you snacks? 
Megan- YES TO SNACKS. BRING ICE CREAM. PLEASE AND THANKYOU 
Harry- I’m actually working right now. But it looks like you have this well in hand. If you buy anything sexy I vote you have a fashion show and send pics. 
Bellamy- No 
3/5 
160- Warning and wearing 
Darrien- Hell no. 
Harry- You guys are no fun. 
Bellamy- Hey Harry, made any progress with your little Witch yet? 
Harry- I can’t work out if she hates me or is flirting with me. But at least I know she’s thinking about me. So progress. 
Bellamy-… 
Darrien Delusional? 
Amber- He’s OPTIMISTIC and not wrong. It’s a fine line between love and hate and all those 
cliches. 
Megan- I’m choosing to see his attitude as persistent and romantic. Because the other option is creepy. Don’t be creepy Harry. 
Harry- Noted. I’ll do my best. 
Megan sets up her laptop on the bench and she has about a hundred tabs open. 
“I have been locked in the house far too long, so now we are online clothes shopping. So 
about half of this is stuff I want and I need you to tell me if it’ll suit me, and the other half is 
stuff I think we should get for you.” Megan explains. Bellamy suddenly looks over with 
interest. 
“Megan, I’m kinda too broke for clothes shopping right now.” I point out. She rolls her eyes. 
“Yeah, sure, whatever. Bels?” She turns to him and he grins. 
“Go crazy. My treat for keeping you cooped up for so long.” Megan grins evilly and I look 
between the two of them shaking my head. 
“But-” Megan cuts me off. 
4/5 
160- Warning and wearing 
“No buts. You work hard, you get money. It’s not like having you here costs us anything. really. So practically all your income is your own.” She answers gleefully. 
“Plus it’ll make Bellamy happy to get you clothes. You know, the whole courting thing.” She reminds me. I look at Bellamy doubtfully. He nods. 
“It would please me if you would let me get them.” He agrees. I raise an eyebrow suspiciously. 
“But you already did that.” I point out. He shrugs. 
“Yeah, but you didn’t know it at the time. Besides, it’s sort of an ongoing thing. I want to keep proving myself.” He leans over Megan’s shoulder to see what she has on the screen. 
“Get that one.” He comments cheerfully. I glance over and see he’s looking at this cute grey dress. Okay well apparently this is happening no matter what I do. How am I being completely steamrolled? Although I have to admit it’s getting easier and easier to accept Bellamy’s gifts. I just don’t know if that’s a good thing or not. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 161
Strings of Fate 
161- Subtlety and specially 
The next hour passes peacefully. Megan and I go through tons of items of clothing and sort through what we like and don’t like. I try to limit the number of items I say yes to, trying not to overdo it but Megan has no such scruples. Bellamy hovers around, tidying the kitchen and occasionally chiming in with his opinion about specific items. Megan is just entering Bellamy’s credit card details which she apparently has memorised when Bellamy comes and hugs me from behind. He seems more thrilled with the purchases than I am, which is probably the reason I feel okay about it. 
“It’s almost time for the meeting. We should go make sure the link is working properly and everything.” Bellamy says eagerly. I look up at him and I can see excitement on his face. I hadn’t realised he was so enthusiastic about this, but I suppose he is almost as invested as I am, he’s just not quite as traumatised and exhausted as me right now. Megan heads to the living room, letting me know that we can just holler if we need her for anything while Bellamy and I return to his office to get set up. 
I insist on moving a second chair behind the desk so that we can both fit in the camera’s 
view. 
“You could just sit on my lap.” Bellamy suggests with a cheeky grin. I roll my eyes. 
“Yeah because that’s a good first impression.” I answer sarcastically. Bellamy shrugs. 
“I’m pretty sure if I was meeting someone for the first time I would be impressed if they had a girl as gorgeous as you on their lap.” He points out. I choke out a laugh. 
“I was talking about their first impression of me!” 
“I already know they’ll love you. Who wouldn’t? Five minutes with any of our Shifters and they love you, why would these people be any different?” He reasons as he waves me away and moves the chair from the opposite side of the desk that is usually used by guests, behind. the desk next to his seat. He shoves his chair to the side a bit so that my spot is more centred 
to the camera. 
“I’m fairly sure that not all the Shifters love me.” I and Bellamy shrugs. 
1/4 
161- Subtlety and specially 
“Okay, well maybe a few of them are jealous of you. But that’s only the ones you haven’t spoken to directly and charmed yet. All the ones you’ve actually had proper interactions with 
like you plenty.” He seems reluctant to admit that any of the Shifters don’t like me. But it is 
true, I’m 
realistic enough to know that. I also suspect the two men from this morning probably aren’t having particularly fond thoughts about me right now since I tore into them a bit. Not that I regret it, I only told them things that they needed to hear. But people rarely actually like to hear the truth. That actually might be why I get along so well with Harry. He’s always been willing to hear the truth. I settle into my spot and Bellamy sits next to me in his 
seat. 
“There should be an email with a link for the video call in my inbox. I had Alex set it up properly and send all the invitations, just in case. I figured it eliminates the chance of me messing it up.” Bellamy explains. I nod and open up his email program. As usual, he has a ton of emails. It’s the most recent one that grabs my attention though. It came through maybe ten minutes ago and it’s from Shelly. Did something go wrong that she was too shy to tell us about? I click on it immediately. 
Good Afternoon Alpha Kane, 
I wanted to thank you for your assistance this morning dealing with Rick and Adrian. I really was at a loss on how to deal with them and you while this morning was obviously kind of awkward, at least it’s over now. I would also like to ask if you could please pass along my thanks to your houseguest Ryann. I really appreciate her input and I think she really got through to them. 
I hope I am not overstepping when I say that I believe you have chosen very well and she is great Alpha. She seems lovely and you deserve that. I am ashamed to say that I was initially uncomfortable asking you for help. Please rest assured that it isn’t because you’re not a good Alpha, you are. But more because it is a sort of sensitive matter that I had only really discussed with my close female friends. But when their fighting became public there didn’t seem to be any point trying to conceal the issue and keep it private any longer. Still, my point is that it is the kind of issue I would have been more comfortable approaching a woman with. I thought it might be worth telling you that I’m actually not the only one who feels this way. I did notice that you have yet to make any kind of public announcement regarding the female Alpha, but I was wondering if it would be okay to let some of the other women know that Ryann is around and that they might approach her for help occasionally if they aren’t comfortable talking to a man… 
2/4 
161- Subtlety and specially 
Thank you again for your help, 
Shelly 
I stare at the screen blank faced and Bellamy scoots forward a little so he can read the email 
too. He frowns. 
“I don’t understand, how did she know we’re together? Did I do something to give it away? I understand how Rio figured it out, that was a stupid mistake on my part, but all I did was 
introduce you as my friend.” He sounds honestly baffled. I’m about to answer when Megan yells from the living room. 
“ARE YOU SERIOUS BELLAMY?” she comes thundering down the hall so loudly that if I didn’t know better, I would have thought that someone twice her size was approaching. She skids to a halt in the doorway with her hands on her hips.. 
“What?” Bellamy asks, an eyebrow raised. 
“Are you stupid?” Megan asks bluntly. 
“Excuse me?” Bellamy glares at her and Megan rolls her eyes. 
“I’m sorry but it’s obvious to anyone who is paying attention that you guys are together. Bels, I mean this in the nicest way possible… but you don’t really HAVE friends. Now suddenly you have a female friend who is staying with you for an extended period of time. Not to mention she is attending formal mediation meetings and is even contributing. You might think you’re being subtle but Bels, you wear your heart on your sleeve and anyone who knows you can tell. that you treat Ry special.” Bellamy looks like she’s punched him. 
“I’m not saying it’s a bad thing, in fact it is completely, sickeningly, disgustingly, sweet. But it is also very obviously different to how you treat anyone else. As it should be.” She says with satisfaction. Bellamy is still looking completely dumbstruck. I’m fairly sure he is mentally replaying everything that happened this morning and trying to work out what he did that was so unusual. Megan whirls around and dramatically heads back down to the living room. Bellamy angles his chair to face me. He looks kind of embarrassed, I can see a tinge of red flushing his cheeks and the tips of his ears. It’s sort of adorable actually. 
3/4 
161- Subtlety and specially 
“I… I would have warned you or given you the option to stay upstairs if I knew that the meeting would be such a giveaway. I thought I was playing it cool but… apparently I was wrong.” He sounds guilty. I grab his hand and squeeze it in mine. 
“It’s alright. You didn’t realise. Besides, I like that you treat me special. No one has ever done that before. I told you when Rio found out. I don’t want either of us to lie or fake anything. I just don’t want too much attention on us all at once.” I remind him. He smiles at me happily. 
“Either way, I feel kind of bad. What do you want to do about her request?” He asks, his eyes flicking back to the screen. He looks… hopeful. I know what he wants from me, the question is if I’m ready for it. 
“I’ll think about it. Just give me a little time.” I answer awkwardly. Bellamy nods supportively and glances at the time. 
“It’s almost time, we should join the video call.” I nod and with my heart racing in my chest, I 
find the correct email and select the link. 
###Chapter 162
Strings of Fate 
162- Starting and spanning 
Bellamy and I are the first to join the call. I stare at the black screen anxiously, constantly checking and rechecking that the camera is on properly and the microphone has sound. Bellamy gently places a hand over my knee to stop me from bouncing my leg anxiously. I have so many questions, I don’t even know what to ask first. About Kiara’s magic? About theirs? My own? What if they don’t know anything, or what if they DO? I find myself leaning into Bellamy’s shoulder. I feel kind of nauseous. Maybe I should have sat on his lap after all, at least then he could support me if I pass out. I’m actually holding my breath when the first person joins the call. It’s an older man, maybe in his sixties. He has a huge moustache and not a lot of hair. Honestly he kind of looks like a cartoon character. The thought makes me crack a smile and I start breathing again. 
“Well hello there young lady. You too lad. I’m Collin Demy, you can call me Collin” His voice is gruff, but he seems nice. 
“Hello, I’m-” I get cut off by a second person entering the call. 
“Okay mum, you’re in. Now can I PLEASE go play my game?” A boy, maybe fourteen years 
old, is standing over the camera. 
“Yes, yes. Go on, get out of here.” A rather frazzled looking woman steps into view and drops 
herself into a seat. 
“Hello all! Sorry I’m late. I had to get my son to help me figure out the computer. I assume you are Bellamy and Ryann, and who is this gentleman?” She questions. 
“This is Collin Demy, Collin, this is Adeline Landry. You both have the same magical mark.” I tell them in a way of explanation. Collin perks up. 
“Well yes, I assume you’re the third member of our little group then?” He asks. Okay, so he seems to have some idea what’s going on. 
“Not quite, the actual third person is a little girl, Kiara. She’s been kidnapped and I’m trying to find her. My mark is quite similar to yours though. I was hoping you could tell me what 
you 
know about your magics as well as Kiara’s if you know anything. Then I was hoping to 
1/4 
162- Starting and spanning 
see if you had any insights as to what my magic might be.” I tell him. I was intimidated, but somehow it’s impossible to be frightened of a woman who needs a teenager to help her set up a video call and an old man who looks like he should be animated. Plus they both turned up and seem willing to talk, what more could I ask for? 
Collin is the one to answer. 
“I don’t know what you already know, but let me start from the basics. Myself, Adeline and this Kiara girl are representatives of the three fates. I guess the first thing you need to know is that the representatives are a reflection of the fate who chose them. Our role is to use our magic to make sure that people’s fates actually come to pass. In general that doesn’t actually require any action on our part. I’ve only been asked to intervene three times in my entire life, which has been quite long. I’m a Banshee so I age slowly. I’m currently one hundred and thirty–two years old. Really, our existence is mostly because the fates like to have a 
representative. They each choose a person and bless them with additional magics outside of those that their species provides. In my case I am chosen by who the Greeks called Lachesis. 
The sister who measured the length of a person’s life. She’s unusual in that she seems to have decided to always choose a representative from my family line. Lucky for us, that means I actually had someone to ask about all this.” Collin is fairly cheerful. I can’t imagine what it 
would be like to grow up actually knowing about your magic and even knowing that you have 
a purpose. 
“That’s… wow. So, if you don’t mind, would you tell me more about your magic?” I ask. Some people are really defensive about sharing that kind of information. I suppose it can lead to sharing your weaknesses which can be sort of awkward to tell a near stranger. 
“I don’t mind at all. I so rarely get to talk about all this. So, as I mentioned I am a Banshee so my natural magic is to foresee when someone is about to die and… announce a warning.” He starts. I nod my understanding. Announce is an understatement. Banshees scream to signal someone is about to die, the scream is supposedly so painful to hear that people burst into tears or even pass out because they’re just so overwhelmed. 
“Right, well my additional abilities aren’t normal for a Banshee. When I touch someone I can see the thread of their lifespan. I see what kind of looks like a light that follows down the thread and shows how close or far away they are from the end of their life. The only times 
that Lachesis has had me intervene I just had to use my natural abilities to warn the person about some oncoming danger and then they managed to stay on track for their lifeline.” He 
explains. 
2/4 
162- Starting and spanning 
“Huh, so basically you see how long a person has left and warn people when you’re asked to. How are you asked?” I follow up.. 
“I get visions, usually when I’m asleep. Then I just have to find the person and do my thing.” 
“That doesn’t sound too bad.” I observe. 
“It’s not. I’m lucky that I’ve had it fairly easy. I don’t know all the details about the other two fates, my family have records about our own abilities, I could read up on the others in detail but I only know the basics of what they’re meant to be able to do, not exactly how it works. So the other two are Atropos who controls the manner of a person’s death and Clotho who chose the start.” He sums up. Adeline has stayed quiet this whole time listening attentively, nodding and occasionally humming and agreeing when something makes sense. But she finally steps in. 
“Oh, that one’s mine. Clotho I mean, although I didn’t know that was what it was called. I’m a nature Witch, so my natural magic are the typical Witch things with a focus on nature, growing things, elemental magic, stuff like that. My additional magic is that I know when people will be born. If I touch someone I can see the threads that WILL come from them in 
the future that represent their children. I can then follow those threads and learn when the child will be born.” She smiles happily and I can tell that she enjoys that magic. It might be nice to be able to see future life. Now I’m almost glad to not have her here in person though. I’m not sure I want to know about any potential children I might have. 
“Have you ever had visions and stuff?” I ask. She nods sagely. 
“Yes, but only the once. I found the man and using my natural abilities as a nature Witch I was able to assist with some fertility issues that he was having.” She looks positively joyful now. He must have been grateful. 
“So if you’re the representative for Clotho Adeline and Collin, you’re the representative for 
Lachesis.” Bellamy gestures to each of them in turn. 
“Then that means Kiara must be the representative for the other one what was it again?” Bellamy tries to remember. 
“Call me Addie dear.” Adeline comments. 
###Chapter 163
163- Diaries and death 
“What can you tell us about Atropos?” I prompt. 
Well, she is usually considered to be the oldest of the fates. I’m not sure how anyone would know that kind of thing, but that’s what the stories I was told said. It doesn’t really matter anyway. So, as I said, Atropos is the fate who controls the manner in which someone dies and cuts the string that represents their lifespan. Basically if our fates represent the beginning and middle of life, Atropos represents the ending. I don’t really know exactly what abilities your Kiara has but it probably involves knowing how people will die. Maybe when? You would really need to ask her for the specifics.” Collin suggests. I tense up. I was so interested in hearing about this magic that for a minute, I forgot the reason I started looking into it in the first place. I must have stayed quiet too long because Bellamy responds for me. 
“Kiara is missing. She was kidnapped several days ago. We have reason to believe that she is still alive. We thought maybe she might have been taken for some of her magical abilities. But since we don’t know her race and we didn’t know anything about her magic, it makes it very difficult to work out what that might be. We’re hoping that some idea of her abilities might lead to information about why she was taken and then hopefully who took her.” He explains it calmly, but he takes my hand and holds it tight so I know he isn’t as unaffected ast 
he sounds. 
“Oh no, the poor dear!” Addie looks distraught. I can tell she really is the kind of person to care a lot about others. Collin looks sad but thoughtful. 
“You said you have evidence suggesting that she is alive. Might I ask what kind of evidence?” He is definitely the logical, analytical type. 
“I… I’ve had dreams about her. I’ve never even met her in person but every time I sleep I see her. That’s why I have to find her.” I try to speak clearly, but my voice wavers and I sound broken, even to my own ears. From the looks of sympathy on everyone’s faces, I look as terrible as I’m feeling. 
“So you’re an Oracle then?” Addie asks and I shrug and shake my head at the same time. 
“Not really? I have magic but I don’t usually see visions, not until now. I see threads of fate. too, but what I see is people’s relationships. The ones they’re destined to have. Their red 
1/4 
163- Diaries and death 
thread connecting them to their soul mate, a blue thread for friendship, black for enemies, stuff like that. I can also see if they have already met that person.” I explain. If Addie looks interested, then Collin looks FASCINATED. 
“Now that’s interesting. So if you touch someone you can learn a lot about their future.” He 
sums up. 
“Not quite. I don’t have to touch someone. I see them all the time. In fact I can’t turn it off. I walk into things a lot. It’s very distracting.” I admit. Addie lets out a snort of a laugh. 
? 
“I ca 
can see how that would be difficult. I can’t imagine seeing with my magic all the time. Doesn’t it get overwhelming?” She asks. I shrug. 
“Sometimes, but I don’t know any different. What’s it like to look around and not see them?” I turn the question back at her. A bemused smile crosses her lips. 
“I see your point. You mentioned you have also had visions lately?” She asks and I nod. 
“Yes. I never have before though. My magic is recorded as unknown and I’ve never met anyone with the same magic as me. That’s my second reason for contacting you guys. Your magic is the closest I’ve ever seen to my own. I was hoping you might be able to help me figure out more about myself. That’s not exactly my priority right now though. I want to find Kiara.” I quickly add at the end. I actually feel a little guilty for even worrying about my own. curiosity when I have a little girl to find. 
“Hey, no. There’s nothing wrong with wanting to know more. Besides, figuring out your visions might help us find her.” Bellamy answers my thought. Apparently he can read my mind now. That or I’m just really obvious. 
“Curiosity should always be encouraged.” Collin remarks. But he seems distracted, staring off into the distance like he’s deep in thought. All of a sudden he stands up, I can see his button up shirt and his chair being shoved away behind him as he walks away from the camera. 
“Uhm… okay?” I sit there awkwardly. 
“That’s one way to end a conversation.” Addie jokes filling the sudden silence. 
2/4 
163- Diaries and death 
“Do you think he’s coming back?” Bellamy wonders aloud. I’m spared having to answer by Collin returning, shoving his keyboard aside and thumping what looks like a very old, leather. bound book onto the desk in front of him. The book lands so hard that his camera shakes and makes him go all blurry for a moment while it adjusts. 
Welcome back.” I remark. Collin grins at me. 
‘Sorry about that. I just remembered something I read once and I thought I should share.” His eyes are gleaming with excitement. I get the impression that people don’t often come to him with obscure research questions and he is entirely thrilled about it. 
“So, this is an old journal. It belonged to my grandfather. Given the Banshee’s extended. lifespan, it was written approximately five hundred and fifty years ago. There are a few entries I think you will find interesting. He pulls out a pair of reading glasses with bright red frames and slides them onto his face, pushing them up his nose and adjusting them. He clears his throat and begins reading. 
I’ve been having visions again. Of a man dying well before his time. But I don’t think I care anymore. Since my dear wife passed I don’t see the point anymore. I knew her life would be cut short and I thought I had accepted it, but when the time came I found that I was not prepared. Life without her is empty and if someone as pure as her has to die then why should I go out of my way, travelling far from my home and my children just to save someone else. Everyone dies, some people die young. Why is he worth saving? Why should he get more time when she didn’t? The fates are cruel and unfair and I refuse to let them force me from my home. I know that life is short and I intend to spend the rest of my time with my children. Perhaps I will be able to fill the hole that my dear Katherine’s death has left in my life. 
Collin pauses to turn the page. 
“That’s so sad. The poor man seems so broken.” Addie comments on a sigh. I nod my agreement. I’m not totally sure what I’m supposed to take from the story though. Collin turns. a few more pages then starts reading again. 
“I have been a fool. Tonight a woman came to me in my dreams, although calling her a woman does not quite do her justice. Upon seeing her, I fell to my knees. I believe she must be a goddess. She looked at me with fury in her white eyes and I found I could not meet her gaze. She demanded to know why I was ignoring my duties as a representative of fate even 
3/4 
163- Diaries and death 
though her daughter had been sending me visions for months. I told her that I didn’t want to have to leave my life to save someone else. I told her that life is unfair and that without my wife there is no point to it. 
“You see the span of a person’s life. You knew how much time you had with this woman and still you chose to love her. Would you give up that time to avoid the heartbreak now?” She demanded. I told her that I would not give up time with my dear Katherine for anything. 
“So why would you take that time from someone else when you have been tasked to save it? Not everyone can be saved, not everyone should be. Living too long can be just as painful as having your life cut short. If you do not help this man you will regret it. I control a person’s destiny and I have decided that the man you are seeing is destined for your own daughter. If you do not save him then she will never experience a love like you shared with your Katherine.” Her words were like a knife to my chest. I had not considered that refusing fate would hurt my family. I knew in that moment that I had made a terrible mistake. 
###Chapter 164
Strings of Fate 
164- Children and chosen 
“A woman with unusual whitish eyes who knows about a person’s future relationships. That does sound familiar now, doesn’t it?” Bellamy says pointedly. 
“Yeah, but I’m no goddess.” I remind him. He shrugs. 
“I’d believe it.” He says sweetly and I roll my eyes. 
“Thanks, but no.” I say with a laugh. 
“You two are adorable.” Addie comments. She is resting her chin in her hands and watching us dreamily. Okay, now I feel a little weird. 
“There’s more to the journal entry if you’re all ready to hear it.” Collin says mildly. 
“Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt.” I apologise. He waves a hand accepting my apology then holds the book up, clearly eager to read us more. 
I apologised to the goddess and begged for her forgiveness. She assured me that as long 
as I fulfilled my duties and made things right that there would be no lasting consequences. I could not help but tell her that it was unfair. That I could see a person’s life but not know who I was meant to love until she had only a few years left to be with me. The goddess shook 
her head. 
“It would not be fair to remove a person’s choice. I know who they will be with, but it is the decisions they make that lead them there. It is a rare person who can know their fate and still allow it to happen without changing it to their whims. Knowledge is a power mortals are not meant to have.” Her tone changed and became far more gentle. 
“I know you miss your Katherine. I know you feel that the fates are unfair. I did not intend this meeting as an attack upon you. I did not come here to scare you into compliance or to remove your will. This was intended to be a kindness. To help you find your way. The visions you are sent are not simply fulfilling the whims of fate, they are to protect the future happiness of others. You may have lost your soul mate, and you will miss her until the end of your days when you are reunited again, but there is more to life than your love. There are 
1/4 
164- Children and chosen 
children you are to raise and protect. There are others that you are destined to meet, friends 
who will help you find the joys in life and others whose lives you will have a great impact on. You have much to do in this life and have been tasked by fate with a purpose to fulfil.” Something about how she speaks makes me want to believe her. There must be more left in this life for me, my Katherine would not want me to waste the time I have left or ignore others when I can help. The goddess seemed to sense the change in me she moved away from me and I knew I would wake up soon. Before she left she seemed thoughtful. When she spoke I am not even sure that it was truly directed at me. 
“It can be hard to listen to fate at times. That is why my d 
each choose someone to ensure that their decisions come to pass. I had not thought it necessary for myself but perhaps I do need someone. An individual to watch the watchers. My daughters choose people who reflect themselves, one nurturing, one enthusiastic about life, one accepting of death. I would choose someone differently. Someone who would trust in fate to do what needs to be done. I would give them true choice by allowing them knowledge of their fate as there cannot be trust without the chance to doubt. The person would have to be strong enough to see the fates of others and leave them as they are.” The goddess began to fade from my view. I called out to her one last time. I begged for a name to call her by. When I woke the name was ringing through my ears. 
Ananke. 
Tomorrow I leave to find the man from my vision. My future son–in–law I suppose. I have no intention of telling my daughter what I know. Ananke seemed to think that people don’t need to know their fates, although I doubt I will be able to resist the impulse to torment the man at little. If he is going to love my little girl then I should be allowed to tease him, just a little. I find I am looking forward to it. For the first time since my wife passed, I am looking to the future and it does not seem so bad. 
“The journal has a lot more entries, but that was the part I thought you might find. interesting. It was what you said about being able to see relationships. I thought maybe this goddess Ananke, the mother of the fates DID end up choosing a representative.” Collin stumbles through his words excitedly. 
“I mean… It does sound like my abilities. I could definitely look into it further.” I’m a bit stunned. I know I was hoping for answers, but I didn’t think I would actually GET them. 
2/4 
164- Children and chosen 
“Thank you.” I manage to stammer out. 
“I’m glad I could help.” Collin answers cheerfully. I’m realising that thinking about my own magic is a little overwhelming. I’m going to need to take some time to process this. In the meantime. I’m going to focus on Kiara instead. Her problems are far more urgent anyway. 
“Do you have any ideas why Kiara might be taken? Or maybe why some of the other people were chosen and killed?” I ask. I’m not optimistic that they’ll know anything, but it’s worth a 
try. 
“I actually knew one of those women. She used to live in my neighbourhood. I was sad to hear she had passed so young. Her children must be so small!” She sounds near tears. Bellamy sits forward a little. 
“I don’t believe she had any children. None of the victims did, except Kiara’s parents.” He 
informs her. Addie looks confused. 
“No, that can’t be right. I know for sure she was meant to have two children. I thought it was 
amusing because she mentioned several times that she wasn’t planning to have any.” Addie 
protests. 
“Definitely no children.” Bellamy confirms. 
“But… I’m never wrong. How… How could this happen? She wasn’t supposed to die without 
children!” Addie is clearly very distraught. 
“You’re saying she died before her fate came to pass? That is a little suspicious given the circumstances. If our kidnapped girl is supposed to know when people are intended to die, I suppose she could pick out people to die early and change their fates.” Collin reasons. 
“Kiara would never do that! She’s… she’s a good person. I just know it!” I protest. Bellamy 
reaches an arm over my 
shoulder. 
“It’s alright sweetheart, he didn’t mean it that way. He’s saying that she might be helping choose the victims under duress.” Bellamy soothes me. I relax under his arm and lean into 
him slightly. 
3/4 
164- Children and chosen 
“Oh, sorry. Right. You’re right. They’re probably using her. We need to find her.” I’m kind of rambling. 
“We will. We’ve just got a lot more information to work with and I’m sure we can figure. something out.” Bellamy promises. 
A piercing scream has me half falling out of my seat. Bellamy steadies me. 
“Sorry, sorry. My little one is apparently awake from his nap. It’s been very interesting talking with you, but I need to go settle him. I think I could use a cuddle anyway after all this talk. Feel free to contact me again sometime, and good luck finding the little girl.” Addie says. I hear more screaming and she sighs. She waves and exits the call. 
“I should probably get going too.” Collin smiles happily. 
“Thank you for listening to my old stories. I’ll scan and send through a copy of those journal. entries for you. I’ll read over it again and check for anything else you might find of interest. It’s been wonderful talking to you.” 
myself 
“Thank you for meeting with us.” I tell him honestly. I’ve learned more about and 
Kiara in the last hour than I’ve learned in… well… my entire life. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
7 
###Chapter 165
Strings of Fate 
165- Research and reason 
Once Collin hangs up I sit there for a while in a stunned silence until Bellamy decides it’s enough. He spins my chair to face him and moves in close to me. 
“What are you thinking? Talk to me.” He demands. 
“I’m not even sure. It’s a lot all at once. I don’t think I’m ready to process the information about me just yet. Can we focus on Kiara?” I ask mildly. Bellamy looks me over closely for a 
minute, examining my face, probably looking for any sign that I’m not coping. When he decides that I’m alright, he gives a single nod. 
“Okay. Well in that case. What have we learned about Kiara and how can we use it?” Bellamy 
directs the conversation. I’m grateful for the prompting because my mind is still reeling and I 
need the help to focus. 
“Well, we know at least part of what her magic does. We know that it is connected to mine, 
sort of, and we learned that IF my magic is due to this Ananke person, goddess, thing, then 
my visions of her are likely because she is misusing her abilities and going against fate. But 
that ‘s probably not intentional.” I try and reason things out but it’s definitely awkward. I’m more thinking aloud than anything else. 
“If the person or people who took Kiara are intentionally trying to mess with fate, then that would also explain why they’re trying to harm you as well. I do wonder why someone would 
be so angry with fate.” Bellamy muses. His tone gets grumpy when he brings up the threats against me. 
“They have something against fate, or something against me. Or both. I can’t imagine that a nine year old did anything to make someone homicidal. Then again, I don’t know that I’ve done anything either. And who hates Fate that much? It’s not like it’s personal. Fate screws everyone over occasionally. This is kind of an extreme reaction.” I point out. Bellamy nods. 
“Hmm, yes it does seem a little overboard. I’m inclined to think that the psycho isn’t aiming to bother fate but rather is aiming for someone else and is using fate, or their knowledge of fate to do it. Or it could just be a coincidence and the effect on fate is because they happen to be using Kiara who is one of literally four people that we know of who can actually affect fate that way.” 
1/4 
DU ULIC 
LL 
—– 
Bellamy shrugs. 
“I don’t know. Addie and Collin were both pretty upset too. Addie confessed to knowing one of the victims personally and you didn’t know any of them. Maybe, like Kiara, they were hoping to use you to hurt someone or to get to one of the others, then they changed their tune and decided to use Kiara, either because her particular magic abilities align better with their goal, because as a child she is easier to control and manipulate or even more likely, because you’re protected and the psycho couldn’t get to you easily.” Bellamy is the 
thinking out loud now. I sigh heavily. 
one 
“None of this helps us work out who we’re looking for or gives us any idea where to find them. I do think you’re wrong about one thing though. I think whoever it is has something against me personally.” I admit. Bellamy frowns. 
“What makes you say that?” he asks, his voice dark. 
“The victims. Other than Kiara’s parents who were killed to get to her, all the victims have 
been young women about my age.” I point out. Bellamy shoves his chair back, gets to his feet and starts pacing. 
“Maybe. But it’s possible that the killer just has a type and you fit it too. Maybe you were meant to be a victim but they couldn’t get to you.” Bellamy’s logic isn’t bad, but I’m not convinced. Still, I think he needs the hope that maybe psychos aren’t going to keep coming after me. But I’m not that optimistic. 
the 
“Sure, maybe. It’s possible. Can… Can we ask Alex to maybe try to research Ananke? I could 
try to do it myself, but I suspect he would do a much better job. He really is a wonder on the computer isn’t he?” I ask. 
“Of course, feel free to ask him whenever. I’ve told you before, you don’t need my permission to ask the Shifters to get things done.” Bellamy reminds me. I shrug. 
“I don’t know, what if he was too busy or you had already asked him to do something. He’s too nice to say no if I asked him a favour, I don’t want him overworking himself or falling behind on work you’ve given him because I’m oblivious to what tasks he usually does.” I explain. This time it’s Bellamy’s turn to shrug.. 
2/4 
165- Research and reason 
“Just ask him if he’s busy. As long as you make it clear that you legitimately want to know, he should tell you. If I ask anyone to do anything super urgent or important, I’ll let you know.” Bellamy promises. 
“Okay, in that case, I’ll text him now.” 
I send Alex a message but I feel a little bad. I’m taking advantage of the fact that the Shifters all seem to be willing to do things for me, but I’m reluctant to offer them my help. Previously I could convince myself it was fine, it’s not like they were ASKING for my help. Except that’s really not true anymore. Based on Shelly’s email, they do want my help. My eyes are drawn to the screen of Bellamy’s computer which is still open to the email program now that the video call is over. I can see Shelly’s message just sitting there in the inbox, waiting for a response. I 
hesitate for a second. 
“Hey Bellamy?” I ask nervously. He returns to his seat beside me. 
“Yeah?” He sits and waits patiently for me to spit it out. 
“What Shelly suggested in her email, me trying to help some of the Shifters who aren’t comfortable talking to you. Is that something you want?” I ask. Bellamy looks at me 
speculatively. 
“That depends, is it something that YOU want?” He turns the question back at me. I roll my 
eyes. 
“That’s entirely unhelpful. I asked you first. I want to know how you feel about it.” I insist. 
“I want you to do what you’re comfortable doing. Yes, I would appreciate it if you were able to take on the job and yes I think you would do a great job of it. But I don’t want you doing it just because of what I think.” He answers diplomatically. 
“So you agree with her suggestion.” I sum up. 
“I think that the job is yours when you’re ready for it. If you want to start off slowly and in a less official capacity I don’t see any problem with it.” 
“Okay. Could you email her back then? Maybe you could give her my phone number and tell 
3/4 
165- Research and reason 
her it’s okay for her to share it around a little? I don’t really feel comfortable with anyone approaching me directly yet. At least not until the psychos get caught, being approached by strangers is just a little too intimidating for me at the moment. But I… I could try to help. them.” I explain. Bellamy beams a smile. Before I can even blink he hauls me out of my chair and into his lap, wrapping his arms around my waist. He spins the chair so we’re both facing the computer. 
“Email her yourself. It would be better coming from you.” He cuddles into my neck and his words are a purr. Or is that an actual purr? He is happy. I type out a response to Shelly and even sign my own name at the end. Before I hit send though, Bellamy stops me. 
“You’re sure?” He confirms. I nod and hit send. 
“Yeah, I mean it’s not technically admitting that we’re together… technically.” I reason. Bellamy laughs and I can feel his breath in my hair. 
“Our relationship is going to be the worst kept secret in the compound. In fact, it probably already is.” 
Chapter Comments 
Madalaine Rodrigues 
POST COMMENT 
I think Ry is the one to grow up. 23 yrs old and not ready for anything. time to put on your big girl panties, not just preach it to… 
VIEW 1 COMMENT > 
2 
6 
###Chapter 166
Strings of Fate 
166- Success and shock 
After sending off the email to Shelly giving her my number to share around, I decided I needed a break because between the email, the phone call and my nightmare visions, I’m exhausted and completely overwhelmed. Bellamy sends me up to bed. He does offer to come lie down with me but I can tell he has stuff he needs to get done, I’ve seen his inbox and he has like ten unread messages on his phone. I convince him to stay and do something productive. I doubt he will stay away for long, he hasn’t really let me out of his sight in days. I probably have an hour tops before he comes looking for me. I lie in the bed, but it feels oversized. Probably because I’m by myself, usually Bellamy is crowding me, or I’m clinging to him. I suppose I’ve gotten used to it. I close my eyes and try to sleep. I toss and turn for about half an hour before I give up and decide to try meditating again instead. I’m very high strung right now though so I don’t expect I’ll have much success. I start with my breathing, forcing myself to take even, slow breaths. I can hear a dripping coming from the shower in the ensuite bathroom, so I match my breaths to the constant sound;. Next, I work on my body. I find a comfortable position half curled up on my side, then stretch and relax each individual part of me, starting from my toes and working my way up in tiny increments. By the time I reach my neck, I’m actually feeling much better. I turn my thoughts inward and focus on Kiara Brooks. I picture her and mentally begin listing every detail I know about her. By the time I reach the new information about her magic, I can tell that something is different. Every other time I’ve tried this I can vaguely sense her, but this time my awareness of her fills my mind. My body aches, my heart feels small and like it’s beating so hard it might burst. My face feels like someone has taken a sledgehammer to it. I’m cold and shivering and I am struck by a nearly debilitating amount of fear and guilt. I am also starving, which is odd. because I ate not too long ago. Except, no. I’m being stupid. I’m not the one who needs to eat, Kiara is. With that realisation, she comes into view. She’s sitting with her knees pulled up to her chest and her arms wrapped tightly around them. She looks so small. Oh Kiara you poor thing. As I think of her name, her head suddenly darts up. She looks around in confusion, her eyes darting from place to place. Is someone talking to her? But why does she look so confused? Unless… 
“Kiara?” Speaking out loud slash in my head feels odd, but somehow it works. She sits up straight again. She speaks, and for the first time, I can hear her soft voice. 
“Who said that?” She asks quietly. 
50 
“I’m so shocked at Kiara actually hearing and responding to me that I gasp and my eyes fly 
1/4 
166- Success and shock 
“Hello?” 
“Tonight. Eight O clock. Go to the bar Witches Booze. Talk to the bartender.” Dr Dae states firmly without waiting for my response. She hangs up without so much as a hello. I guess that means her Witch contact agreed to speak to me. But, the bartender at Witches Booze… I mean there are probably other bartenders there. But given even what I’ve seen and heard about Cam giving away spells and potions, I’m willing to bet that she’s the contact. Which is actually ideal. Hopefully having met before will allow her to trust me a little more. I’m glad I’ll be meeting with someone who is approachable. Bellamy was of course listening to my phone call and when I look to him for confirmation about us going to the meeting he nods. his approval. Bellamy contacts Darrien to have him come and stay with Megan while we’re out. Meanwhile, I go to update Megan on the phone call, my decision to help the Shifters, my progress with connecting to Kiara and our plans to go out this evening. 
“Woah, you have had a huge day, and it’s not even over yet.” Megan observes. I nod. 
“I know, I feel like I’ve been floundering around for weeks, not making any progress, then all of a sudden, everything is happening all at once. I’ve barely had tome to catch my breath!” I 
can hear the exhaustion in my voice. My head also hasn’t stopped pounding since I spoke to 
Kiara. 
“I get that. You’re doing a good job, you know. I don’t know if anyone has told you that, but you are. Soon we’re going to find Kiara and save her, then you’re going to get a hold of everything here and life will be a lot less stressful. Maybe when this is all over we can have a proper relaxing night together without worrying about everyone else.” Megan reminds me and I kind of want to cry. Megan smiles at me. 
“Now, go put on something cute to go out, and for goodness sakes brush your hair woman, it looks like a nest on your head!“” She calls out after me as I head to go freshen up. 
###Chapter 167
Strings of Fate 
167- Risks and requirements 
Bellamy and 1 head to the bar, just the two of us. Megan did complain about being left behind. until I reminded her that we’re meeting Dr Dae’s unknown contact and we don’t want her to refuse to speak to us because we brought extra people along, although if the contact IS Cam like I’m hoping, then I doubt that will be a problem. Megan wasn’t thrilled but agreed that it wasn’t worth the risk. We arrive at Witches Booze about five minutes before eight and settle in on a couple of barstools, Bellamy moves his over a little so he can sit shoulder to shoulder to me, not comfortable with me being anything more than an arms length away. 
“Ryann right?” Cam approaches me and drops two drinks off in front of Bellamy and I, ones that we didn’t actually order. Mine is a blueish colour with swirling glittery patterns in it. I hold it up to the light and watch it swirl. 
“Yeah, and this is Bellamy. Are you who I’m here to see?” I ask. Cam nods firmly, her blonde waves bouncing around her head. 
“Yep. I am a little confused though. Ella told me that she was sending the two feline Alphas to meet me. Him I get.” She nods her head at Bellamy. 
“But you’re not even a Shifter, are you?” She raises an eyebrow and I shrug. 
“It doesn’t seem to matter. APPARENTLY being a Shifter isn’t actually a requirement for the position.” I roll my eyes so she can see my opinion of it all and she grins at me. 
“Are you gonna try that?” She gestures to my drink. I peer into it before shrugging. I don’t think she would try to hurt me. Harry likes her, and I trust his judgement, as skewed as it is sometimes. I pick up my drink, and without hesitation, take a sip. Bellamy seems more wary but follows my example and samples his drink. His eyebrows raise in surprise and he immediately takes another sip. His drink is different to mine. A kind of goldish colour. I’m surprised to find that my drink doesn’t really taste like alcohol at all. It’s nice, kind of fresh. It makes me think of mint ice cream but without the ice part. 
“Well, that answers that, you’re either very brave or very naive to drink something with no idea what it is.” Cam says seriously. I laugh and her serious expression breaks. 
1/4 
167- Risks and requirements 
“Or I’ve just decided to trust you. This is nice, what is it?” I ask curiously. I might want to order it somewhere else sometime. 
“It doesn’t have a name, I just made it up. I’d tell you what’s in it, but then you wouldn’t have a reason to come back here and that’s no way to get more business.” She jokes and I laugh again. Cam is really funny. I’m looking forward to spending more time with her. Bellamy seems weirdly relaxed. He’s leaning into me and has slung an arm around my waist. He is practically nuzzling my hair. 
“Uh, Bellamy? What’s going on?” I try to pull away a little to see his face but he clings on. 
“Is he drunk? What was in his drink?” I ask Cam and she grimaces. 
“Sorry, I’ve been working on drinks to chill out specific magics. This was one for feline Shifters. I must have overdone it with the magic infused catnip.” She shrugs awkwardly. 
“Give me a minute and I’ll make him something to sober him up. He’s not drunk exactly. His reflexes and mental state are unaffected, it just makes him feel more… mellow. But I think I overdid it. I just thought he was a little strung out.” Cam dashes off and starts mixing together random items from behind the bar. I have no idea what is in most of the bottles but whatever, I trust her not to poison us. In the meantime, Bellamy shuffles in closer behind me 
and kisses my neck. 
“Bellamy!” I and I can feel him chuckle against my neck. 
“Sorry, sorry. I just can’t bring myself to worry about anything right now.” He sighs into my hair. Wow, did that drink pack a punch. I get the impression that Cam would be a very. dangerous person to piss off. Harry really is fearless to constantly antagonise her and then drink whatever she hands over. Bellamy just apologised without a thought, I know she said the drink wouldn’t affect his mental state, but Bellamy this relaxed is almost creepy. It would be sweet if it happened naturally, or maybe if he took the drink knowing it would happen. But as it is, it’s just weird. Cam returns with a drink in a shot glass that is totally clear. I’m not sure how that happened because I swear she was pouring in something red a minute ago. I 
decide not to question it. 
“Well here you go, hot stuff. Down your shot.” She hands it to Bellamy and after a glance at me and my nod, he downs it all in one go. He wrinkles up his face but within moments of 
2/4 
167- Risks and requirements 
finishing it he straightens his shoulders and returns to sitting on his bar stool rather than hanging off of me. 
“That was… interesting. I would prefer you didn’t do that again. Although I suppose it might have recreational uses. Or medicinal for Shiters with anxiety issues.” he contemplates out loud. I don’t think he’s really annoyed that it happened. Actually I think he rather enjoyed it. 
“Yeah, as I said, sorry about that. I’ll adjust the recipe. Maybe half strength next time. Or do it as a small shot glass rather than a full drink. Thanks for being a good sport. It’s hard to find people to test drinks on, particularly spelled ones.” She explains. Bellamy frowns. 
“Do you often spell people’s drinks?” he asks. Cam shrugs. 
“Only the ones I give away for free. I’m not licensed to sell spells or potions. But there aren’t any rules against giving them away. I only do that for people I think need them. Promise it’s not as creepy and date–rape–y as it sounds.” She holds up a hand in a gesture to show she means no harm. 
“If you need Shifters to try potions like that, just let us know and we can arrange something. While I don’t appreciate being drugged without my knowledge, I can see its potential uses.” Bellamy offers. Cam grins happily. 
“Awesome, I will totally take you up on that. Ella gives me enough information to work on the theory, but she refuses to test them.” She pouts. 
“Ella?” I ask. 
“Dr Dae.” Bellamy confirms. I know that she has a first name, but I can’t imagine ever using 
it. 
“Ah, right. So is that how you know her? Researching potions together?” I ask. Cam flushes red and stares at her shoes. 
“Not exactly. Ella got called out to assist a Human guy who wouldn’t stop vomiting, she realised that he had been… dosed… with something. She tracked it back to me. She was all ready to report me, but she gave me a chance to explain. I caught the guy dosing a girl’s drink so I figured I’d make sure he was too incapacitated to hurt her while giving him a taste of his 
3/4 
167- Risks and requirements 
own medicine. I promised it would wear off in twenty–four hours and showed her the potion I made to counteract the drug the girl was given. She decided not to report me and we got to talking about some of my more… unusual potions and their potential uses. The rest is history I guess. I make her potions and she helps me research how potions will potentially work on. different types of Shifters. I don’t experiment on them though, promise. Well… not unless they cause trouble in the bar.” Her tone is protective. Yeah, I wouldn’t want to mess with Cam’s bar. I’m about to start asking the questions I actually came here for, but I’m distracted by a flash of bright red hair that I recognise. 
“Amber?” She bounces over and drops into the seat beside me. 
“Excellent, I’m not late.” 
###Chapter 168
Strings of Fate 
168–Books and backrooms 
Uh, hi? Late for what?” I ask, a little confused. Did we make plans that I’m not aware of? I look at Bellamy to see if he knows what’s going on but he’s just as confused as me. Cam shrugs at my confusion. 
“Friend of yours?” She asks. I nod. 
“In that case. Hey, I’m Camille. You can call me Cam.” She greets her. Amber nods. 
“I know. I’m Amber. I used to be Ryann’s boss. Now I’m just here for the show.” She introduces herself with a wink. Cam seems delighted. 
“Lovely, I can get behind that. Let me get you a drink.” She dashes off. 
“Amber? Not that I’m not glad to see you, and I know HOW you know to be here, I was just 
wondering why?” I question. 
“Well, I missed out on drinks and meeting people last time. I didn’t want to miss out again.” 
She explains. So she’s here to meet Cam? It doesn’t take long for Cam to return with another drink for Amber. Her drink is as unnaturally bright red as her hair and it looks… fizzy? 
“Perfect, my favourite.” Amber beams. Cam tilts her head in confusion. 
“What do you mean? I’ve never made this one before. I’m testing new drinks on you guys tonight. How can it be your favourite?” She asks. Amber just shrugs and starts drinking so I 
take pity on Cam. 
“Amber is an Oracle. She tends to know things she shouldn’t. It’s easier to just roll with it.” I 
recommend. If Cam is surprised, she doesn’t show it. I’m starting to think there isn’t anything that can ruffle this girl. Amber nods her agreement. 
“Yep, I’m special like that. Now, not that I’m not loving this, but we’re only one person away from this being a real party.” She leans on the bar and swings her legs, kicking the barstool. 
“Is someone else coming?” I ask. Before she can answer Cam lets out a slight groan. Harry 
1/4 
168- Books and backrooms 
struts up to us and hooks an arm over my shoulder. Ah. That’s why. Cam plasters on the kind of smile that you see on retail workers and salesmen. Completely fake, and you KNOW it’s fake, but you have to respect the effort either way. Bellamy is glaring at Harry’s arm over my 
shoulder and Harry appears to be either completely blind, or ignoring him. 
“Hi there Harry.” Amber greets him. Harry doesn’t even pause, he plasters on a flirtatious smile and releases me before turning to Amber. 
“Hello beautiful. My reputation precedes me, I see.” Amber just laughs. 
“Oh Harry, we both know this isn’t going anywhere. Don’t waste your flattery on me when I’m not the one you want to follow home.” She lectures. Harry looks momentarily confused, 
but I can see the moment when it clicks in his head. 
“You’re Amber.” He confirms. 
“Yup.” She nods. 
“Well, in that case, it’s lovely to meet you in person. Also it’s not flattering you if it’s true.” He chides. Amber grins at him pleased. I throw a sideways glance at Cam. I want to see if she looks jealous. Nope, she still has her polite customer service smile plastered to her face. At worst, I would say she looks bored. Why do I get the impression that she would absolutely clean us all out at poker? Then again, I’m pretty sure the rest of us are far more 
demonstrative with our emotions. Except maybe Aaron. Okay, Cam and Aaron would be deadly in a casino. Cam drops a drink off in front of Harry that looks strangely… thick? Also it’s kind of…smoking? I would definitely not be tasting that if I were him. Harry acts like he 
doesn’t even notice how awful the drink looks and downs it in one go with a smile. 
“Well… now that we’re all here, not that I knew we were actually expecting so many people, would you be able to answer some questions about magic for us Cam?” I ask. She nods. 
“Of course, one second.” She waves over another young woman who is also bartending and lets her know that she is taking a break for a little while. The other woman confirms and then Cam ges 
gestures for us to all follow her through to a small back room. It’s filled with every type of alcohol and mixer I can imagine and there is what looks like a Witches magic circle in the corner of the room. There is also a caged metal shelf that is full of what I assume are potions. As Harry approaches the doorway she stops him with a hand on his chest and glares at him. 
2/4 
168–Books and backrooms 
“Touch. Nothing. Do you understand me?” She stares up at him. He nods along but his smile is gleeful and his eyes are darting around the room. There’s mischief in his gaze and I cross my fingers that we make it through this without Harry turning himself into a llama or something. 
I explain to Cam about the spell the psychos have been using to hide their scents from the Shifters. Bellamy chimes in a few times with other details he’s noted about it and anything. that the guys have reported about it. Cam tugs on a strand of her hair thoughtfully. 
“I have a couple ideas about what it could be. Let me double check something.” She goes to the locked cage and with a hand over the lock and a few whispered words she opens it. She rummages around and pulls out a tightly bound leather book from the back of the shelf before closing up the cage and returning to the little table slash workspace that we’re all standing around. There aren’t chairs in here, but there wouldn’t be room for them even if there was. It’s a small price to pay for the privacy. 
“What’s that?” Harry asks, standing far too close to Cam and leaning over her shoulder. She snaps the book shut and ducks out and away from him. 
“It’s my grimoire. Not something for you to read.” She says primly. Harry opens his mouth to argue but I lean over and poke him in the arm. Hard. 
“Leave it 
likely I warn. We need this information, besides, intruding on her privacy is not 
likely to help him win her affections or trust. Harry reluctantly steps away and begins to wander the room, looking at the shelves. 
“Hands in your pockets Harrison.” Cam orders without looking up from her grimoire. Harry rolls his eyes but complies to her demand. After a few minutes of flicking through pages Cam smiles and closes the book with a soft thud. 
“Okay, so it looks like it’s probably a spin off version of a basic stealth spell. Instead of hiding a person’s presence WHILE they’re at a place, it hides it afterwards.” She explains. Pride and satisfaction in her voice for finding the correct spell. 
“Is there anything about it that we could use to find the caster?” Bellamy prompts. Cam 
considers and her face falls a little. 
3/4 
168- Books and backrooms 
“Well… it’s a spell that technically any Witch or Warlock could cast… but it isn’t a super well 
known variation. Most people who use stealth spells are worried about being seen, heard or smelled WHILE they’re actually at a place, less concerned about afterwards. It’s not a variation someone stumbles across by accident, they would have had to go looking for it.” She explains. Hmm, that’s really not especially helpful. Of course the psycho murderers went looking for a spell like that, it’s right up their alley. 
“So you could order the spell from anyone? Do you know anyone who might be selling 
them?” I ask. Cam shakes her head. 
“Oh no, that wouldn’t work. This spell can’t be attached to an or developed in potion. 
form. It has to be cast in person.” She explains. 
“Oh, so at least one of the psychos is definitely a Witch or Warlock.” I confirm. 
“Without a doubt.” She agrees grimly. 
###Chapter 169
169- Tracking and trading 
“Well, that’s at least one piece of information confirmed. You wouldn’t happen to have a handy list of Witches or Warlocks that are secretly capable of murder do you?” I ask with false cheer. Cam grins. 
“Not on me no. But it would be a long list. The list of Witches I trust NOT to be secretly. killers would be shorter. Those coven Witches are no joke.” She shudders. 
“You’re not part of a coven?” Harry asks curiously. Cam shrugs. 
“Nah, I’m not much one for rules. I’m not interested in secretly planning to take over the world or hoard millions of dollars or whatever it is those old crones do in their secret meetings. I’m happy on my own.” Cam responds, but I can’t help but notice a slightly wistful look on her face. Cam says she doesn’t want to have a Coven, but I suspect she is lonely. Most Witches are close with their families and Covens. Often the two are interchangeable terms. Without one… Well it would be lonely and probably limiting. Although based on her spells. that I’ve seen so far I doubt she is that restricted by her lack of help. I make a mental note to remind Harry to learn more about Witch politics and stuff. Does a coven have to be made up of all Witches? Because as much as Cam says she is okay on her own, she seems like the type to make connections. She somehow got close enough to Dr Dae to call her by her first name, and she’s willing to befriend strangers and reveal magic that most Witches would consider very top secret to help us find a missing child. 
“This adapted stealth spell. Would it have hidden their faces on a video recording? They were wearing dark glasses and hoodies, but you literally can’t identify anything, not even their skin colour, their faces are too well shaded. Unnaturally well shaded.” Bellamy asks. Cam frowns. 
“I doubt it. Technology is kind of hard to mess with using magic. It’s more likely that they used a second spell to actively hide their faces while committing their crimes. Probably a basic concealment spell from what you’re describing. They’re effective, but short lived. Probably wouldn’t last more than fifteen minutes.” She concludes. 
“I mean, 
answer. 
that should be plenty of time, shouldn’t it?” I ask. Surprisingly, Harry is the one to 
“Not really Ry. I mean for the vandalism at your house maybe. But for the other murders? 
1/4 
169- Tracking and trading 
And the kidnapping? Think about it.” He suggests. Hmm 
 
“Well… They had to break in. Kill two adults, at least one of whom was a Witch and would definitely have fought back to protect her daughter. Not to mention whatever her other parent was, which we can assume is probably not harmless based on how worried everyone has been about keeping Kiara’s race a secret. They also had to take Kiara and get far enough away to hide her. And all of this without waking anyone nearby or letting Kiara escape or alert anyone.” I list all the tasks and I can see his point. 
“That’s a lot for one Witch to do in fifteen minutes. It sounds impossible even.” She says, a 
look of horror on her face at hearing everything laid out clearly. 
“Agreed. It MIGHT be possible for two depending on what they are. A Witch could help with concealment but I suspect there would need to be someone else to help take care of Kiara’s parents. At LEAST one person, maybe more.” Bellamy reasons. 
“The spell would be hard to maintain for more than a couple people. Unless there were multiple Witches, it’s unlikely that there were more than two attackers. It could be done if the second person was one of the more physically gifted races. A Shifter, Vampire, you know. Something strong and fast.” She adds. Bellamy’s brow furrows at the mention of Shifters. He doesn’t want to believe a Shifter would do something like this, not even one of the non–feline 
Shifters. But as much as he wants to believe the best, the Shifters are still people. There are good ones and bad ones and a Shifter is just as likely to be a psycho killer as a Witch, Human, 
or any other person. 
“Is there anything else you can suggest to help us find Kiara or identify who took her?” I ask. I don’t know how I’m feeling. Cam has given us plenty of information, and I suppose it’s good to know, but I don’t think any of it is actually going to help us find Kiara. 
“Well… They’re sort of illegal… but there are tracking spells, but they work best with the assistance of people who are close to the person you’re searching for. Do you have a family member or close friend of the girl you could ask to help out?” She questions. My face falls. For a second, I thought we might have something. 
“No. She has no one.” I answer, my voice barely more than a mumble. Cam looks very 
disappointed. I suppose she also got her hopes up. 
2/4 
169- Tracking and trading 
“Oh. That’s just… I mean. The poor thing…” She trails off. 
“Could you make the spell for us anyway? We can pay for it. Maybe a friend will turn up.” Bellamy suggests. 
“Sure. It will take me a day or two. Also I’ll need someone to get me something of Kiara’s. Hair, her toothbrush, something she wore or used a lot. Something like that to connect the spell to her.” She explains. 
“No problem, I’ll have someone drop off something in the morning. Aaron collected a sample just in case something like this became necessary.” For a second I’m confused, then I remember the scrap of Kiara’s pillowcase that he took from the house. That should work as something she used a lot. I’ll have to remember to thank him again for his forward thinking. 
“How much is the spell going to cost?” I ask warily. I know Bellamy can afford it, and Cam is very generous, but still. Spells are expensive, and personalised, not to mention illegal spells have got to cost a small fortune. Cam shrugs. 
“I’m not licensed to sell spells.” She repeats. I swear it’s like her slogan. Somehow it’s an excuse and a denial all at the same time. It somehow implies that she doesn’t give them out but since I already know that she does it’s just sneaky. 
“You’re also not licensed for illegal tracking spells, and it doesn’t seem like that’s going to stop you.” Bellamy points out. Cam grins. 
“Yes but no one is likely to ask me if I’ve been making tracking spells. People often ask if I sell spells and I like to be able to honestly answer that I don’t. So no, I can’t accept payment for it. Although…” She trails off. 
“Although” Bellamy prompts. 
could arrange 
“I mean, I do have a lot of potions I’ve been working on for Shifters. If you could those volunteers to try some out we could consider it a trade.” She suggests. 
“Done. I’ll find you as many volunteers as you need. As long as you can promise they won’t come to any harm or experience any long term negative effects.” Bellamy raises an eyebrow and Cam rolls her eyes. But there is a gleam of excitement behind them. 
3/4 
169- Tracking and trading 
“Duh, of course. I don’t want to hurt anyone. Most of my potions are more of the silly prank kind. Or have medicinal uses at the request of Ella.” She adds, almost as an afterthought. 
“It’s hard to get Shifter volunteers. I can test ones for Witches on myself. Humans, well… pretty much every spell works on them and they’re similar enough to Witches biologically that it doesn’t make much difference. It’s the Shifters, Vampires and other physically different magics that I have trouble with. Although I’ve made a lot of progress with my experiments on Incubi lately.” She comments. Harry crosses his arms and clears his throat. 
“Excuse me?” He demands. Cam looks at him innocently. 
“What?” she asks sweetly. 
“Have you been experimenting with untested potions on me?” He asks. I can’t tell if he’s mad or not, his tone gives nothing away. Cam just smirks. 
“Nah, I test them out on the other Incubus who follows me around. No big deal.” She says 
casually. I notice Harry tense up. Interesting. As an Incubus he’s not usually prone to jealousy. This should be interesting. 
Chapter Comments 
6 
POST COMMENT NOW 
###Chapter 170
4/4 
Strings of Fate 
170- Nice and nighttime 
Bellamy and I end up giving Amber a ride home. She is apparently only a few minutes out of our way. After we make sure she is safely inside we drive towards home. 
“I’m not sure if I feel guilty leaving Cam behind with Harry to pester her. I mean he does it every night anyway but still… he’s gotten into the back room once and he was waaaay too fascinated by everything back there. She’s going to have a hell of a time trying to keep him out now.” I point out. Not sure if I feel guilty or amused. Bellamy shrugs. 
“You did say they’re meant for each other right? It’s likely that she doesn’t dislike him as much as she says she does.” He suggests. 
“True. Or she does and in that case he probably needs the extra time with her to win her over. Well, whatever. Cam can handle Harry. If he gets too annoying she can just spell him again.” I joke. Bellamy looks just a little too pleased with that idea. 
We’re just pulling up in front of the house when my phone chimes. 
COCK TALES 
Harry This is STUPID. I’m going home. I refuse to waste my time. She rejects me but hangs out with some other Incubus? This is just CRAP! 
Woah, I knew Harry was jealous but this is on a whole different level. I guess it would be hard since he’s never really been jealous before, or rejected by someone he seriously went after. 
Amber- Harry I’m fairly sure that Cam was just messing with you. I mean, what are the chances that there’s another Incubus around that is drinking the random untested potions. 
that she comes up with? 
Megan- Woah, what did we miss?!? 
Darrien- What she said. 
AAA 
Ryann- I was right. Our super secret Witch contact was Cam. Then Amber and Harry showed 
1/5 
170- Nice and nighttime 
up and crashed our meeting. Harry was there to annoy Cam like usual. 
Ryann- In other news, the drinks she’s been giving him? Some of them are untested potions! She made a comment about how she TOTALLY tests them one the OTHER Incubus who hangs 
out with her in the bar… 
Megan- Oooooh so he’s jealous. This is hilarious. But also… I get why Harry was there, he’s always there. But why was AMBER there? 
Amber- Because I knew Harry would be there and I didn’t get to meet him last time. DUH. 
Harry- Awww you came just for me <3 
Amber- I also wanted to meet Cam. Don’t let it go to your head. 
Harry- Too late. I’m so great you needed to meet me. 
Darrien- Dude. Just stop. 
Without me! I know 
Megan- Actually, I think I might be kind of annoyed. You all hung out why you didn’t bring me along originally Ry, but you could have texted and we could have caught up! 
Darrien- I mean, you spent the evening hanging out with me. Was that really so bad? 
Uh, should this be a private conversation? As Bellamy and I head inside he checks his phone and raises an eyebrow. Yeah, I’m starting to think that Darrien enjoys putting Megan on the spot a little bit. I message him directly. 
Ryann- I’m starting to think that you have a bit of a mean streak. 
Darrien- If I message her something like that directly or say it out loud she just kind of laughs it off or ignores it. At least with witnesses she can’t pretend I didn’t say anything. 
Ryann- Huh, I thought you were making progress. Is it not going well? 
2/5 
170–Nice and nighttime 
Darrien- We are making progress. She’s just… nervous. It’s strange since she’s usually so confident. I think the whole thing with Tristain really did a number on her. She’s not as sure. in her decisions as she usually is. It’s like she’s constantly double guessing herself. 
Ryann- I can see what you mean. I’ll check in on her at some point. I feel like I’ve been neglecting her a little recently. 
Darrien- Don’t beat yourself up too much. You’ve had a lot going on. You don’t even get to rest when you’re sleeping. I don’t know if I mentioned it to you at any point, but if I can help you at all, please let me know, okay? 
Ryann- Thanks Darrien.  
Okay, I’m feeling weirdly teary. It might just be because it’s been a really REALLY long day, but Darrien being sweet to me was just enough to make me emotional. I really don’t want to cry though. I feel like I’ve spent so much time crying recently. I don’t want to do it anymore. I need to be strong for Kiara. I need to focus on her and do everything I can to find her. I’m so distracted with my phone that I trip while climbing the stairs. Bellamy catches me and in a single smooth motion snatches my phone from my hands. 
“Messages once you’re at the top of the stairs. Thank you. I have enough to protect you from without worrying about your clumsiness taking you out.” He grumbles. He guides me into our bedroom and I drop onto the bed. I squeal when Bellamy kneels down and pulls my shoes off 
my feet. 
“Okay, get comfy. Now you can have your phone back.” He dramatically presents it to me. 
“Why thank you.” I say sarcastically. I go back to the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
Amber- Go on Megan, Darrien asked you a question. Curious minds want to hear the answer. 
Ryann- Seconded. I want to hear if you had a nice evening Megs. I’d feel terrible if we left you 
behind and you were miserable. 
Megan- I had a nice evening I guess. No need to obsess over it. 
3/5 
Nice and nighttime. 
Darrien- I’m glad. I enjoyed spending time with you too.  
Ryann- HEY AARON! 
Aaron–7 
Ryann- Did you have a nice evening off? 
He just texts back a thumbs up and 1 dissolve into a fit of giggles. 
“I didn’t know that it was possible, but somehow he talks even less than he used to.” Bellamy observes. I roll my eyes. 
“I know right! It’s a game I think. He just likes messing with me. I try to get him to talk and he does everything he can to avoid it. He’s a master at communicating without words. One day I am going to learn his secrets.” I declare. Bellamy laughs. 
“I doubt that anyone could ever master silent communication like Aaron has.” I shrug. 
“Sure, but one day I’m going to crack him. He’s going to have something to say and he won’t be able to hold it in. I’m sure of it. In the meantime, I don’t mind having him around because if I don’t want his opinion all I have to do is avoid looking at him.” Bellamy snorts out at 
laugh. 
“That’s one way of looking at it. I didn’t realise that he was opinionated enough for you to ignore him.” Now it’s my turn to give an undignified snort. 
“He is VERY opinionated if you’re paying attention. He’s capable of the loudest silence I’ve ever heard. He enjoys the drama and gossip just as much as the rest of us. That’s why he hasn’t quit the group chat.” I conclude confidently. Bellamy yawns. 
“I have a meeting with the Alphas in the morning. I really need to sleep.” He admits. 
“Give me a minute to get changed and I’ll join you. Maybe I’ll be able to talk to Kiara again. tonight.” I say, forcing optimism into my tone. 
“I hope so.” Bellamy and I both prepare for bed and then I curl up against him and close my 
4/5 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
9 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 171
Strings of Fate 
171- Perfume and progress 
My dream or vision or whatever it is, somehow is exactly the same as all the others and completely different at the same time. It’s the same because I watch Kiara sleep, I can see her nightmares and pain and it’s the same because no matter how much I scream and struggle, no matter how hard I focus, she can’t seem to hear me, although for once I think I might be able to hear her. It’s different because I know I CAN talk to her which somehow makes my inability to actually communicate a hundred times more frustrating. I have a feeling that I won’t be able to contact her while I’m asleep. Maybe my unconscious mind isn’t capable of it or something because I feel less connected too. Maybe it only works when I’m awake and actively searching and connecting to her as opposed to when I’m asleep and don’t really have a choice in the matter. Or maybe I’m just doing this wrong. It’s not like I have a manual or anything. I don’t know how long I spend mentally yelling at Kiara, trying to get her attention. Eventually I move on to what is probably really creepy staring, or it would be if I was actually there any anyone actually knew I was watching. I’m near giving up entirely when a nightmare causes Kiara to jerk awake, tears in her eyes. She looks around wildly and she must be alone because her shoulders relax and the tears get heavier. My heart absolutely aches. After a while, her tears dry up and her voice is hoarse when she whispers. 
“Hello? Lady? I don’t know if you’re really real or not. I probably made you up. But I hope you’re real. It was nice to hear someone say my name instead of calling me ‘girl‘ or other names that my mum says I’m definitely not allowed to 
say.” She sighs deeply. 
“I’m probably just talking to myself. You’re probably not real.” Kiara looks so downtrodden that I just have to say something. I NEED to talk to her. I use every bit of focus, every bit of determination and every bit of affection that I have for this child and concentrate on communicating just one word with her. I chant it over and over in my head, I scream it, spell it, picture how it looks written down. Finally I whisper it and somehow, that last one makes it through. Hey eyes open wide and for the first time since I began seeing her I see a glimpse of hope on her face as she hears me. 
She whispers my own message back to me. 
“Real.” 
Once again, I don’t manage to hold the connection for long after communicating with her. I’m starting to think that it wasn’t shock that pushed me out of it last time, but exhaustion, or maybe depletion would be a better word. I lie in bed, curled up with Bellamy and my eyes are still shut. I’ve been sleeping so you would think I would feel at least a little rested, but I just feel empty. My head aches and somehow I’m more tired than I was before going to bed, which is really saying something because I was pretty damn tired. I force my eyes open a crack and I can see that it’s still dark. My eyes adjust a little and I can see the outline of Bellamy’s arm thrown over my waist. I don’t really know if I’m trying to wake him or if I just want the comfort of the contact, but I wriggle around a little until my arm is freed from under me and I lightly grip his hand. Bellamy stirs, snuggles in closer to me and wraps his arms tighter around me. His hand squeezes mine and for a second I think he’s woken, but his steady breathing tells me otherwise. Still, that little movement from him was enough to ground me and it feels like only moments until my eyes fall shut and I finally get to sleep. 
In the morning the other Alphas come for the meeting that Bellamy called. As they arrive, I’m hiding in the kitchen. Okay, well not HIDING exactly. More like I’m just trying to stay out of the way. While I’m sure they’re at least vaguely aware of the (completely accurate) rumours of Bellamy having a house guest, but after my previous interactions with them, particularly with the Canine and Avian Alphas, I don’t really want to deal with them right now unless I have to. I blush a little as I think about how Bellamy kissed me before answering the door saying it was for luck. I did ask if I should be worried that they’re going to be able to scent that he and I have been close, but apparently I smell different to the last time they met me?!! Lask Megan who comes to hang out with me in the kitchen. She tilts her head curiously then without hesitation, leans in and sniffs my hair. Okay…. 
1/3 
171–Perfume and progress 
“Huh, he’s right. It has changed. I mean, your own scent is the same, but before I could also smell your work, your old place, stuff like that. Now I mostly smell… well… Bellamy and here. This place, a little of my own scent too.” She explains. I scrunch up my nose. That sounds… kind of weird. Megan giggles. 
“It’s not as weird as it’sounds. It’s just that your environment rubs off on you. So while you have your own natural scent, it’s going to be influenced by stuff like the soaps you use, the place you sleep, who you sleep with.” She winks at me and I roll my eyes at her. 
“Still sounds kind of creepy.” I complain. 
“Nah, just think of your environment and the people around you as your own personal perfume. It doesn’t change what you smell like, just adds to it. Bels probably has some of your scent too. This house is also slowly adjusting. I know it might sound odd but it’s normal for us.” She explains, 
“Okay, but Bellamy said that the other Alphas probably wouldn’t notice my scent on him or wouldn’t know it.” I point out. Megan shrugs. 
“Sure, your scent isn’t as strong. Probably because you’ve moved here and it’s mostly his scent and mine so it rubs off more on you. The longer you’re here the more balanced it will get. Either way, I doubt they’ll recognise it. They might know that he has been spending time with SOMEONE but they can’t prove anything, for all they know, he just changed products or something. Without comparing it to you they wouldn’t know it was you they’re smelling. Just don’t get too close to them and you’re all good.” She promises. Okay. I’m doing my best to understand this but it’s still kind of odd. 
I’m kind of surprised to hear someone at the front door. All the Alphas are here already and I’ve definitely noticed that none of the Shifters tend to stop by here without an appointment. At very least they usually call ahead. Megan flushes red and she gestures for me to stay where I am while she answers the door. A minute later she returns to the kitchen, 
Darrien in tow. 
“Morning.” I greet him cheerfully. He stares at me suspiciously. 
“What?” I demand. He shakes his head. 
“I’m just wondering if you’re possessed or swapped places with an identical twin or something. The Ryann I know. would never be so cheerful this early in the morning.” He jokes, I roll my eyes. 
“Ha ha, so funny. If you must know, my sleep hasn’t been particularly restful recently. It sort of ruins the appeal of sleeping late and lounging in bed. Don’t worry, I’ll be back to my usual cranky self in no time.” I promise. Darrien and Megan end up heading upstairs. Darrien makes some warning about not spying on the Alphas, but honestly I suspect he meant it more to goad me into spying than to actually stop me. And that’s how I find myself hovering by Bellamy’s office door. I want to hear what they think about the murders now that Shifters are being killed. I lean in close to the door to hear better and I’m both alarmed and disturbed to discover they aren’t discussing the killings at all. Nope, once again, the Alphas are pestering Bellamy about finding a mate. 
###Chapter 172
Strings of Fate 
172- Confessing and committing 
1 alternate between feeling miserable and furious on his behalf as I listen to the Canine and Avian Alphas going on and on about how he is trying to fulfil a role that he, as a man, is just not suited for which is just completely sexist. Alpha Kohen chimes in with a slightly more reasonable argument. 
“While I don’t think this is the right time to be discussing this, the workload an Alpha has is intended for two people. I don’t know how I would manage without my wife.” He admits dryly. Okay, so maybe that’s a slightly better point. 
“I have help.” Bellamy mildly answers. 
“Your sister hardly counts. She’s not the Alpha, she can’t make any REAL decisions.” The Canine Alpha grumbles. 
“I don’t see your mate being permitted to make any decisions further than social events and taking care of your children.” Bellamy grumbles. 
“EXCUSE YOU?” The Canine Alpha growls. I can practically feel Bellamy repressing an eye roll. 
“Now, now everyone. We’re all here for a reason. We were discussing the recent string of murders. Is everyone clear on 
the safety precautions that have been discussed?” Alpha Kohen takes control. His usually soft voice is loud to speak over the growling and bickering. The Avian Alpha answers with a bored sounding confirmation. I assume that Bellamy and The Canine Alpha must nod or give some other sign of agreement because I don’t hear anything other than the steady growling from the Canine Alpha. It’s quiet, but still there. I guess Bellamy commenting on his relationship got on his nerves. How hypocritical. When I can tell that the meeting is wrapping up, I dash back to the kitchen. I’m not scared of the other Alphas, I just don’t want to answer any awkward questions right now. I hear the Avian and Canine Alphas leaving, Bellamy and Alpha Kohen are talking as they leave his office. 
“Mind if I grab something to drink before I head off?” Kohen asks cheerfully. 
“No problem, I’d have offered drinks or snacks earlier but…” he trails off. 
“I get it, you don’t want to encourage us to stay any longer than we have to.” He responds. 
*Not 
you actually. But the other two. Yes. I definitely would rather not have them in my home any longer than I absolutely have to.” Bellamy agrees. I can hear them approaching the kitchen. There really isn’t anywhere I can go from here to avoid them, but it’s just Alpha Kohen, I don’t mind talking to him. He’s definitely my favourite out of the Alphas. Well, excluding Bellamy obviously. 
Just as they’re entering the kitchen Alpha Kohen speaks again. 
“Sorry about how we’re all harping on. I know you’re doing your best with the whole mate situation. They might be assholes, but I swear I just want what’s, best for you. I did wonder about that girl from last time I was he-” He stops in his tracks as he seeks me awkwardly frozen sitting on one of the kitchen barstools trying to look casual. 
“Uhm, hi there. Nice seeing you again.” I greet him, my voice is probably a little higher pitched than usual. How do I normally sit? Am I blinking too much? Okay, I think I am not breathing manually. This is very frustrating. If Alpha Kohen notices how weird I’m being he doesn’t react. Bellamy however looks at me with clear amusement. He definitely knows that I was listening in on their conversation. 
1/3 
172- Confessing and committing 
“It’s nice seeing you again too Miss Gale.” he greets me pleasantly. Bellamy sees about getting us all drinks. 
“You can call me Ryann.” I tell him. I genuinely like him, I kind of hope his wife- I mean mate, is as nice as he is. It would be cool if we could all get along, maybe hang out sometime. 
“Sure.” He looks at me contemplatively. I think he is assessing my casual, leggings, baggy t–shirt, no shoes and barely brushed hair type outfit. 
“I heard that Alpha Kane had a house guest, but I can’t say that I made the connection to it being you, although now that I think about it, it makes perfect sense.” He winks at me. I’m like ninety nine percent sure that Alpha Kohen is another one of those people who is completely aware of Bellamy and I’s not–so–secret secret but is polite enough to just subtly allude to it rather than pointing it out. I make eye contact with Bellamy as he hands me my drink and I can tell he knows it too. This is just stupid. The Alphas are harassing Bellamy constantly and I can end it at any time. It’s barely even a secret anymore. I take a deep breath. Okay, telling everyone might be a bit much. But I could start slow. I’ve been making progress all week, what’s a little more? I can freak out about it later.” 
“Well, I’m not exactly a house guest…” I pause, Alpha Kohen frowns. 
“Huh? Did I get it wrong? I can’t scent anyone else around here. Unless they’re not around anymore. Is my information out of date.” He looks confused. Bellamy is looking at me with a raised eyebrow. 
“No, you had it right. I WAS a house guest here. But now I’m more… living here. I guess? Okay, I should think about my words before I say them. That was the most roundabout way I could possibly have come up with to say I moved in. Alpha Kohen beams at me. 
“Oh, that makes sense. I heard you were having some troubles at your old place. It’s nice of Alpha Kane to let you live here. I mean, you’re close with his sister too right?” He says cheerfully. Okay, he is showing a huge amount of false obliviousness. He knows what’s going on, he’s giving me an out by pretending not to notice. But it’s actually not helpful. He’s going to make me say it, isn’t he. Ugh, fine. 
“Uh, that’s not quite… I mean that’s why I came to stay originally but. I mean, I want to stay and… Bellamy asked me to stay, because… well.” I take a deep breath before blurting out. 
“I’m–his–mate.” My pulse is skyrocketing and Bellamy’s jaw drops open. Alpha Kohen is silent for a second, his grin. frozen in place as he looks me over. I’m flushed red and I probably look like a deer in headlights. He casually takes sip of his drink and nods like he is trying not to make a big deal out of it and I appreciate it. 
“That’s great news. Congratulations to you both. I can’t say I’m surprised, I did have my suspicions of course.” He looks like he is repressing a ridiculous amount of excitement. 
“It’s alright, you can react, I won’t freak out. Probably.” I grumble. He beams at me, then without a moment’s pause, Alpha Kohen jumps to his feet, he smacks Bellamy on the back then grabs me out of my seat and spins me around. 
“This is GREAT news. I’m so thrilled for you! Why didn’t you say something sooner? Kane you could have shoved it in their stupid faces.” Kohen drops me back onto my seat and Bellamy instantly steps in behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist posessively. I roll my eyes at his jealousy but I still lean my head back and cuddle into him a little. 
“Ryann isn’t comfortable telling everyone about this just yet.” Bellamy admits. I can hear forced cheer in his tone. Alpha Kohen looks confused for a moment, but then understanding crosses his face. 
2/3 
172- Confessing and committing. 
“Ah. I get it I guess. It can be a lot.” He agreed. 
“Yeah. That’s basically it. I am working on it though.” I promise. Kohen nods. 
“Is that why you’re telling me? I have to admit I feel kind of special.” He winks at me and I giggle. 
“Yeah, pretty much. I mean, you basically already knew anyway.” I look at him pointedly and he just shrugs at me. 
“Plus, I didn’t want Bellamy to think I wasn’t… I don’t know… proud of him I guess? I might not be able to tell everyone yet. But… I AM committed to this and I DO love him.” I don’t think as the words leave my mouth but Bellamy is definitely paying attention based on how he freezes up behind me. Alpha Kohen obviously notices the change in atmosphere because he suddenly makes his excuses to leave. 
“Don’t mind me, I’ll let myself out. Congratulations again to you both. Ryann, if you ever feel up to doing a little matchmaking let me know, we could have a mixer or something. I have a few Shifters that would be eager for your help. My brother included.” He waves and ducks out the door. I hear his footsteps stomping away. 
Chapter Comments 
DeliliaLayla 
I love alpha Kohen so much!!!!? 
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS! 
POST COMMENT 
16 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 173
173- Fulfillment and fantasies 
The moment Alpha Kohen leaves, Bellamy releases me and spins my chair to face him. I barely have time to breathe before he presses his lips to mine. This kiss is passionate and a little out of control. Bellamy doesn’t hesitate or hold anything back. He’s holding me so tight that I can’t even move to wrap my arms around him. I start getting lightheaded and he must be too because he finally pulls back, breathing heavily. I can feel him purring deep in his chest. Still squeezing me tight, he’s as breathless as I am when he breathes out his confession. 
4 
“I love you.” He sounds absolutely elated. I am probably so bright red that I could outshine a stop sign. Even Bellamy looks a little flushed for once. I somehow end up in a slightly hysterical giggle. 
“I can’t believe I said it first.” I admit. Bellamy leans back to look me in the eye, his own eyes are practically glowing with pleasure. 
To be honest… I can’t believe you said it first either. Although I might have thought about it a few times. I wasn’t sure how you would… well. I wasn’t sure it was the right time.” He says awkwardly. 
“You thought I’d freak out and hide in a corner or run away.” I say bluntly. Bellamy winces a little. 
“Maybe?” He says hesitantly. I roll my eyes. 
“It’s fine. You’re probably not wrong. I have quite literally run away enough times to deserve a bit of doubt when it comes to this kind of thing.” I agree reluctantly. Bellamy shrugs but he doesn’t really seem bothered by it. In fact he looks very distracted. He leans down to press a kiss against my neck. He moves to kiss me properly again but my hesitation must show on my face or in my body language because Bellamy stops and puts what I would have to 
describe as the smallest possible amount of distance between us. 
“What’s wrong?” He asks softly. My eyes dart to the kitchen doorway. He follows my gaze and understanding crosses 
his face. 
“Ah.” He says simply. I nod. 
“Megan or Darrien could walk in and I’m just… this is just…” I trail off and hide my face against his chest. 
“You’re shy, and this is a bit much for you.” He finishes for me. I nod without uncovering my face. I feel Bellamy press a kiss to my hair then he releases me and steps away. I almost topple off of my seat without him to support me. I didn’t realise I was leaning on him so much. Bellamy catches me and steadies me. He then takes my hand and tugs me to my feet. Without a word he leads me to his office. Once we’re inside he turns, closes the door and locks it. I didn’t even know this door COULD lock. Bellamy immediately turns back to me and his hands drop to my waist. 
“Better?” He asks, his tone hopeful. I can feel the burn on my cheeks as I give a jerky nod. Bellamy’s answering smile is devastating. He pulls me closer until my hands land against his chest. He leans in to kiss me and I find my hands creeping up into his hair. Bellamy groans against my lips and his hands slide down my back. They brush down until they land where my butt and the back of my thighs meet causing me to let out a gasp. Bellamy laughs softly and uses his grip on me to lift me up. I let out a surprised squeal and hook my arms tighter behind his head, essentially crushing myself against him. Correction, essentially crushing my chest into his face. I automatically let go to give him some space and I immediately feel off balance and find myself clutching his shoulders. 
“Shh, I’ve got you.” He takes a few steps forward and he lowers me onto his desk. With me sitting on the desk, we’re 
1/3 
173–Fulfillment and fantasies 
almost the same height and I can see that he doesn’t have to bend as far to reach me. A fact he immediately takes advantage of. 
I have no idea how long Bellamy and I have been kissing but I know that I feel like it’s about a million degrees in here. At some point, Bellamy’s hands have made their way up the back of my shirt and his hands are hot on my waist and my legs are twisted around his waist while I haven’t released my tight clutch on his shirt. He pauses so that we can breathe and presses his forehead against mine. He sits back and disentangles us enough that I can see his face properly. I unhook my legs from around him and his hands drop to sit on my thighs. 
“I love you.” He says for the second time. I’d probably blush or look away or something but I might be a little hypnotised by his eyes because I can’t seem to look away or even care about anything else. 
“I love you too.” I manage to get the words out without ducking my face and Bellamy looks like he’s just won the lottery. So I guess that makes it worth the embarrassment. Actually, I really hope that saying the words out loud gets less embarrassing over time because if it makes him that happy to hear it, I want to be able to say it without needing to hide under a rock afterwards. 
“You know that telling Kohen today was a very definite method of fulfilling the Shifter courting rituals.” He grins at me 
and I furrow my brow in confusion. 
“What do you mean? I thought it was meant to be some public acknowledgement or whatever.” I point out. Bellamy 
shrugs. 
“Sure, but you told another Alpha. It might not be public, but between that and you agreeing to help the other Shifters… I’d say you’ve got it covered. I’m going to have to try harder. I’ve fallen behind.” He frowns and I roll my 
eyes. 
“You know I’m not worried about that. You’ll figure it out.” I reassure him. 
“I’m finding it difficult to worry about anything much right this second.” He agrees as he strokes a hand up my leg then back down again. I shiver at the touch. 
“You know, I’ve had a bit of a fantasy about this for a while.” He practically purrs the words. I tilt my head in 
confusion. 
“This?” I ask. He just smiles at me. 
This. You, on my desk, blushing and in my arms.” He leans in closer again and I can feel his warm breath on my neck as he brushes my hair back over my shoulders and continues to press his lips against my pulse which is racing again. Seriously, it cannot be healthy for my heart to be doing this so much. Can hearts explode from beating too hard? I suspect I’m going to just embarrass myself more, but I can’t help but ask 
“Do you… do you have a lot of… fantasies?” I ask awkwardly. Bellamy moves to kiss the other side of my neck and 
mutters against my throat. 
“Oh yes, definitely. Do you want to hear them?” He offers. I manage a half nod. 
“Well, back when we were in the kitchen, I was thinking-” I cut him off. 
“Stop!” I drop a hand to his chest and push him back a little. He sits back with a bit of a smirk on his face. 
2/3 
www 
173- Fulfillment and fantasies 
“Sorry. I think if you finish that sentence I probably won’t be able to go into the kitchen for a month without wanting to hide. So maybe… not now.” I tell him. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. 
“Not now… So you do want to know?” He asks. He actually sounds a little shocked. I shrug. 
“Well… yes. I mean, I want to know what you want, what you think about. Just maybe not now. The last few days, this morning… It’s been a lot.” My mind is a whirlwind of emotions. Everything happens so fast, I can’t seem to keep up with it all. Bellamy nods his understanding. 
“I get it. Hmm, maybe I should write it down. I’m starting quite a list.” He winks at me and this time, I do duck my face. Bellamy just laughs and helps me to my feet. I’m not even a little bit surprised to find that my legs are a little wobbly. 
Chapter Comments 
DeliliaLayla 
I really wanna read that list please. 
VIEW ALL 2 COMMENTS 
14 
<SHARE 
POST COMMENT 
###Chapter 174
Strings of Fate 
174- Striking and starving 
Despite what I said about needing to avoid the kitchen, that’s actually my first stop when leaving the office. Bellamy got me a little well… hot. I desperately need a glass of water. Or one of those cold showers that Bellamy is so “fond‘ of taking lately. Bellamy trails behind me, apparently not willing to leave my side just yet. I freeze momentarily when I walk in and find Megan sitting in the same bar stool at the bench that I vacated earlier. I force myself to keep moving. Darrien is on the other side of the bench. He’s apparently in a great mood and is humming along to a playlist that they have playing while he assembles what looks like the sandwich to end all sandwiches. Seriously, it’s already way too big for anyone to actually bite into and he is still adding stuff to it. Megan is watching on in awe. 
“Hi guys.” I drop into the second stool beside Megan while Bellamy gets me a cold drink. As he passes it to me, his phone vibrates. He checks it quickly and frowns. 
“I need to check in with Alex. I’ll be in my office if you need anything.” He leans in over my shoulder and kisses me on the cheek. He speaks quietly in my car before pulling away. 
“Love you.” 
I immediately flush red and of course, before I can even process Bellamy leaving, Megan squeals in excitement. Damn. I sometimes forget how good the Shifter’s hearing is. A glance at Darrien shows a mischievous, dare I say it, evil, grin plastered to his face. 
“That was SO cute. I mean, I’m reluctant to call my brother adorable but seriously. So sweet!” Megan is speaking so fast that she’s practically stumbling over her own words. I nod along with her, letting her express her excitement. But I keep my eyes on Darrien. I don’t trust that expression. Sure enough, as soon as Megan pauses to breathe, he strikes. 
“So, Ryann. When are you going to put our Alpha out of his misery?” He asks slyly. Huh? What does that even mean? I don’t think anyone could look at Bellamy right now and say that he looks miserable. Thrilled, elated, excited… aroused, sure. But miserable? 
“I have literally no idea what you mean by that.” I tell him, crossing my arms over my chest, Darrien just smirks at me like I’ve said something cute, like his meaning should be obvious. Megan is the one who answers. 
“Oh, I got this one! He’s asking when you’re going to tell Bels that you love him back!” she says, way too loudly if you ask me. I frown. Why are they so convinced that I haven’t? Also I’m kind of insulted that they assume he said it first. I mean I know that he and I were both shocked that I did, but still. Not cool. 
“Who says I’m the one who needed to say it back.” I complain. Darrien and Megan both freeze in place and stare at me, Darrien looks almost comical. He’s so shocked. 
“You, YOU said it first?” He demands, disbelief in his tone. Megan just holds her arm up for a high five. I slap her hand as she clearly wants. 
“Way to go Ryann! How did this happen? When did it happen? I want to hear everything!” She insists. I glance up at Darrien, expecting him to put an end to the ‘girl–talk‘ but nope. If anything he looks even more interested than Megan, although his eyebrows might be permanently stuck in his hairline due to shock at this point. 
Somehow, the three of us end up in the living room. I’m in the middle of the couch with Darrien and Megan on either side of me. Why does this feel like an interrogation? I give them a quick rundown of how it basically slipped out while 
1/2 
174–Striking and starving 
I was telling Alpha Kohen about or relationship. 
“You told the Alphas?!” Darrien demands. He still looks shocked. In fact he looks awed. 
“Not quite. I told AN Alpha. Just Kohen. Baby steps and all that. 
“I’d hardly call that a baby step.” Megan comments and I shrug. Without warning, Megan throws her arms around me, squeezing me tightly. 
“Megan. Can’t. Breathe.” I manage to choke out. She loosens her grip so I can get some air but doesn’t let go. 
“I’m so proud of you.” She finally releases me and relaxes back into the couch, sighing dreamily. Darrien doesn’t say anything, honestly I think I broke him. Should I be insulted? Still, he pats me on the shoulder approvingly before turning 
is gaze back to Megan where, as always, it lingers. 
Eventually I manage to extricate myself from Megan and Darrien. I love spending time with them, really I do. But with Megan all dreamily sighing at me and Darrien mooning over her… I’m just feeling a little awkward. I excuse myself by claiming I have work to do then escape upstairs to the bedroom so that I can… well… hide. Now in the running away type way, more in the, I need a moment to take a breath and process things, way. I sit there a while until I start feeling guilty for wasting time and honestly, I’m kind of bored. In an attempt to be productive, I decide to take another attempt at meditating and maybe communicating with Kiara. I succeed in making a connection at least. I can see Kiara. I can’t hear her but at least I can see how she’s doing. She is eating. Or at least kind of eating. She has a plastic plate in front of her with what looks like take out on it. Nuggets, chips. That kind of thing. But she’s just picking at it. I doubt she’s even taken a single full bite. That won’t do. She’s already so thin she looks like she might break. She’s clearly lost weight during her captivity. I make it my new goal. I am going to get that girl the biggest meal. Anything she wants, everything, I don’t care what, hell I’ll get her twelve flavours of ice–cream if that’s what she needs. Still, watching her poke at her meal is just painful. She needs to keep her strength up. She needs to stay alive and be ready when we come to rescue her. I’m determined to tell her. I’ve spoken to her twice now. It’s difficult, but I did it then so I can do it now. I focus and force a word through our connection. 
“Eat.” It must work because Kiara jumps. This time she doesn’t bother looking around. She just closes her eyes and takes a couple deep breaths. When she opens them again, that look of determination she used to wear is back on her face. With shaky movements, she reaches forward and grabs a nugget. I watch as she takes a bite and slowly chews. Actually, I sit and watch as she finishes the entire meal, although I have to admit towards the end she looks a little nauseous. It might have been a bit much for her to finish her meal, 1 can tell she hasn’t been eating much. Her stomach has probably shrunk a little. Poor darling. I don’t think I have the energy to speak to Kiara again, but I do my best to connect to her and send her my approval. I think it works because as soon as I do, a wave of dizziness washes over me and I lose the connection. 
Chapter Comments 
13 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 175
Strings of Fate 
175- Admiration and alcohol 
Just like I have every other time I’ve managed to communicate with Kiara, I come back to myself feeling dizzy and kind of like throwing up. Not sick exactly, more like I’ve pushed myself way too far. I don’t know why it’s so exhausting to speak to her when watching her, particularly in my sleep, it takes no effort at all. In fact I can’t seem to STOP doing that. It’s frustrating but worth it. I can feel a little tired and unwell if it helps Kiara cope with what she’s going through until we can get to her. My phone vibrates and I move too fast to grab it, making my head spin. Woah, that’s confusing. I have a text from… Bellamy? Isn’t he downstairs? Unless he went out while I was meditating, but I doubt he would leave without telling me first. He’s way too freaked out about the psychos threatening me. I open the message. 
Bellamy–S.O.S. You have a guest… 
S.O.S? Why w 
would me having a guest require an S.O.S. Unless… who would Bellamy want rescuing from? I suspect I know the answer. I head downstairs in a hurry and 1 am entirely unsurprised to see Harrison is here. What I am surprised by is how he has an arm slung over Bellamy’s shoulder. His other hand is waving around enthusiastically and he’s holding something purple and shiny. I approach, trying not to laugh at Bellamy’s disturbed looking expression. 
“Hi Harry. Uhm, what’s going on here?” I ask. Even I can hear the amusement in my own 
voice. 
“It’s male bonding!” Harry declares. He says it seriously but I can see the mischief in his eyes. 
“You’re here for… male bonding?” I repeat doubtfully. Harry winks at me and nods. 
“Sure. Well, actually I’m here for a delivery but since you didn’t answer the door I thought I should take advantage of this chance to threaten the life of my bestie slash baby sister’s boyfriend. I figure you don’t have a dad to do it so it comes down to me.” Again, he says the words seriously, but really he just seems absolutely delighted. What’s strange is that I think this really might be Harry’s way of trying to ‘bond with Bellamy. He’s placing himself firmly in the role of my older brother and in that way, making it clear to Bellamy that he isn’t a threat to him romantically. But he’s also making it clear that he has no intention of going anywhere. I’m happy to see him making an effort. I really did miss having Harry in my life, I would be devastated if he walked out of it again. But as a female who is in no way biologically related to him, keeping me around would have been difficult and confusing for teenage Incubus Harry. I know that neither of us dealt with his abilities turning up well, as shown by us not speaking for several years, but come on, we were both stupid teenagers. It’s not like you can actually expect good, well thought out decisions. 
“Right, so is your arm around Bellamy’s neck a sign of affection or are you trying to strangle him? Because if it’s the latter, I would prefer you didn’t.” I tell him cheerfully. Harry laughs and releases Bellamy, 
“Well since you asked so nicely.” He pulls me into a quick hug and releases me. Bellamy looks half amused and half annoyed. 
go since h 
“How did you do that? I’ve been trying to get him to let got here!” Bellamy demands. 
“Well duh. He’s TRYING to annoy you. If you wanted him to let go you probably shouldn’t have made it so obvious that it was working.” I point out. Bellamy sighs. 
“That makes an annoying amount of sense.” He grumbles. I move to stand beside Bellamy and lean into his shoulder. 
“Thanks for not hurting Harry ip your attempts to remove him from your personal space.” I comment. Bellamy grins and leans down to kiss me lightly. 
1/3 
175- Admiration and alcohol 
“Well I thought you might prefer your sort–of–brother in one piece. But your gratitude is appreciated.” He moves to kiss me again but is interrupted by Harry shoving something purple in his face. 
“NOPE. No groping my sort–of–sister. Usually I would enjoy watching a pretty girl being seduced, particularly if I’m the one doing the seducing, but Ryann… yeah no.” Harry shudders. Bellamy, who looked annoyed when Harry interrupted, seems delighted with this information. Alright, well I think Harry has officially convinced Bellamy that he isn’t actually a threat, no matter how much Harry likes to taunt him. 
“Well then, in that case we should get back to why you’re actually here. That way you can hurry up and leave and I can kiss Ryann without you butting in.” Bellamy says cheerfully. I roll my eyes and elbow Bellamy in the ribs. 
“Sure.” Harry answers, waving around his right hand which is still clutching what I can now see is a shiny glass bottle full of something purple. 
“Incubi delivery service. Where we always deliver the whole package.” He says with a wink. I groan. 
“That was terrible Harry.” I complain. 
“I could try another one. You would be surprised how many lines I can come up with using the word ‘package.‘ Harry offers. 
“Please don’t” Bellamy says dryly. 
“Alright, alright. Well, I have that tracking spell you wanted. Cam asked me to bring it to you.” he explains. 
“Great.” Bellamy holds out a hand for the bottle. Harry holds it out to him, then at the last second, he shifts his hand to the side and lets go. 
“No!” Bellamy grabs for where he expects the bottle to fall. Except it doesn’t. Harry stands there hand open, palm facing down. But the bottle doesn’t fall. 
“Harry, why is that bottle stuck to your hand?” I ask. He shrugs. 
“Cam was going to deliver it herself but there was a delivery at the bar and she had to stay so I offered to help. She said no at first but eventually agreed. Still, she magicked it to my hand. She said it was so I wouldn’t drop it or lose it.” He admits. I burst out laughing and Bellamy smirks. Once I get ahold of myself I ask Harry what to do next. 
“So how do we get it off your hand?” I question, Harry shrugs. 
“Not sure. You should probably ask Cam. She gave you her number right? What was it again?” He asks. 
“She won’t give you her number, will she?” I ask sympathetically. Harry shrugs. 
“Well, I’d love to help, but it would be wrong for me to give it out without her permission.” I say apologetically. I expect him to be annoyed but he just nods. 
“All good, I’d rather she give it to me herself anyway.” He responds, a combination of optimism and determination in his tone that I can’t help but admire. Lquickly call Cam. 
“Hello?” She answers. 
2/3 
175- Admiration and alcohol 
“Hi, this is Ryann. I’ve got Harry here with a bottle stuck to his hand which is hilarious by the way. What do we need to do to get the bottle off of him? I mean, I could make him carry it around indefinitely but I think even with a spell on him he would find a way to lose it if we leave it too long.” I joke. Cam snorts out a laugh. 
“That’s fair. Well it’s an easy enough spell to break. I made the magic dissolvable and of course I used something I had handy as the trigger. So all you need to do is tip a little whiskey over it.” She explains. Well of course.Why wouldn’t the bartending Witch make spells that can only be broken with alcohol? I thank her and say my goodbyes while Bellamy heads to the kitchen to grab a bottle of whiskey he must have kept in one of the higher cupboards. I’ve already looked in all the ones I can reach while attempting to cool so I know they weren’t full of booze. He returns and I take the bottle and carefully tip a capful of whiskey over Harry’s hand. We all stare, waiting for something to happen. 
Chapter Comments 
8 
POST COMMENT NOW 
< SHARE 
###Chapter 176
176- Anticlimactic and assistance 
Nothing happens. Well that was anticlimactic. “So… is something meant to happen?” Harry asks. I shrug. 
“I don’t know. I’m not a Witch.” I point out. 
“Well… can you let go of the bottle now?” Bellamy asks. Without hesitation, Harry opens his fingers and the GLASS bottle goes tumbling towards the floor. I gasp in horror. Bellamy’s hand snaps out and catches it at the last second. 
“Oops. Talk about cat–like reflexes though.” He holds up his now free hand to Bellamy for a high–five. Bellamy just glares at him and hands me the potion bottle. 
“Thanks. Good catch, Bels. Harry… I’m starting to see why Cam spelled the bottle onto your hand. Why would you just DROP the potion?” I demand. 
“You said to let go. I let go.” He says unrepentantly. 
“I didn’t mean- Ugh. Why am I even bothering? This is a waste of time.” A thought occurs to me and I smirk at Harry. He looks at me suspiciously. 
“What? What did you just think of?” He demands. I shrug. 
“Oh, nothing much. Just that I should complement Cam on how thoughtful she was to spell this bottle to your hand after what I just saw, I did promise her an update.” I say, promise in my tone. Harry’s eyes widen in horror. 
“NO! Don’t do that! She already thinks I’m irresponsible!” He s. Harry turns to Bellamy. 
“I have Shifter friends, I knew you would catch it. Seriously, I did. I knew it wouldn’t get broken!” He insists. Bellamy looks tom between being smug and annoyed. Like he’s thinking “duh of course I can catch it, but you’re still an ass.” Harry looks like he’s on the verge of a panic attack. I take pity on him. 
“It’s alright Harry. I won’t say anything. I know you wouldn’t have broken it. Not really.” I reassure him. Bellamy still looks doubtful, but when Harry turns to look at him with pleading eyes he gives a slight nod and I smile at him. It’s sweet that Harry is actually taking it seriously with Cam, although I doubt she realises that yet. He isn’t great at appearing like he takes anything seriously, especially himself. As is demonstrated by how he is currently licking the whiskey off his fingers. 
“Mmm, this is good stuff. Can I get a proper drink?” Harry asks. Bellamy glances at me and I shrug. With a sigh, Bellamy steps into the kitchen to grab a glass and returns with a drink for him. He also gets me a drink, but not whiskey. It’s not really my thing. He brings me a glass of wine. 
“You’re not drinking?” Harry asks, Bellamy shakes his head. 
“Nah, not right now. I’m having a great day. Don’t really want to dull it with alcohol.” He says cheerfully with a wink in my direction. I blush. 
“Oooooooooh.” Harry says in his most childish teasing tone. 
“Did something HAPPEN?” He looks pointedly between Bellamy and I. Bellamy smirks and I roll my eyes. 
1/3 
176- Anticlimactic and assistance 
“Fine. Yes. But I’m only going to say this once, then you need to leave and I don’t want to hear a single word from you. Harass me in the group chat later or something okay?” I stare him down. Harry mimes zipping and locking his lips then throwing away the key. I take a deep breath. 
“Okay. I told Bellamy I love him.” I force out. Harry looks like he is repressing a squeal. Bellamy steps up beside me and hooks his arm around my waist, pulling me close to his side. 
“And I said it back, in case that wasn’t 
to the front door. 
Vious.” He adds. At that, Harry rolls his eyes. Then he starts heading straight 
“Okay, I’m leaving and saying noth 
as promised. But keep an eye on the group chat. In the meantime, I need to go remind Cam that she totally owes me for helping with that delivery.” He grins and leaves in a hurry. 
“Well, I guess I should put this somewhere safe until we find someone who actually knows Kiara well enough to be able to use it.” I say. I can’t decide if having the potion is exciting or depressing. It’s like having the key to a car that doesn’t work. Sure, it’s great. You have a car and it MIGHT be useful. But unless you can get it working, all it does is take up space and make you feel guilty, particularly when you know how useful it COULD be. Bellamy agrees and offers to put it in the safe. I frown. 
“You have a safe?” I ask. He laughs. 
e shows “We do. Yes. In the office. I’ll show you, come on.” He says cheerfully, leading me by the hand. In the office he shows me how there is a safe built in behind one of the bookshelves. It’s kind of awesome. The type of safe that you only see 
on TV. 
“I’m so impressed. This is really cool.” Bellamy shows me how to open the safe and gives me the code. Most of what is in it is random paperwork, but there are a few other items, jewellery, weird looking artefacts. I ask about them and Bellamy explains that most of the Shifter’s spelled or confiscated items are kept here. Most of them aren’t really all that useful. He also keeps paperwork, proof of ownership and the important documentation for the many businesses the Shifters are involved in. I carefully place the potion in a little empty corner, pushing it back to make sure that it’ll be safe and won’t tip out or anything when the safe door gets opened again. 
Since we’re in the office anyway, Bellamy takes a moment to check his emails for anything urgent before we get ready for bed. I climb into the recliner and push it back as far as it goes. I have every intention of just zoning out, maybe scrolling aimlessly through some social media. Except wait, I have another message. It’s from an unknown number. 
Unknown- Good afternoon, I don’t know exactly how to address this but I have an issue I was hoping to get help with. I’m not sure that Alpha Kane is the right person to discuss it with. A few of my friends suggested I message this number. They said you and the Alpha are good friends and you might be able to help me. It’s okay if you can’t. I just thought I would try. 
Unknown- My name is Sara by the way. 
Oh, wow. I know I gave out my number, but I didn’t think anyone would take me up on the offer so quickly. I answer immediately, not wanting her to think that I’m not willing to help. 
Ryann- Hello Sara, you can call me Ryann. If you tell me what’s wrong I’ll see what I can do to help you out. I understand that sometimes it might be hard to approach Alpha Kane with certain matters. 
my 
Unknown: Maybe Sara- Thankyou! Okay, so my issue is that my dad is REALLY overprotective. Like I love him and 
2/3 
176- Anticlimactic and assistance 
everything but it’s getting ridiculous. I’m eighteen years old and he won’t let me go out alone or with any other men as protection. I never get to go out unless he is with me. I’m stuck with him ALL the time. I understand that right now there are additional warnings in place for young women and I’m not trying to ignore them. But this has been going on for ages. I want to go to university next year but unless he plans to attend classes with me, I’m scared he’s going to refuse to let me go. I know I could just move out, get a job and all that, support myself. But I don’t want to completely cut my dad out or leave him alone. I just want him to understand I need a little more freedom. I’m not a little girl anymore. I didn’t think Alpha Kane would understand, I mean his sister is in university but she has a guard all the time, so maybe he would agree with my dad. But there are plenty of other Shifters who get to go out without babysitters. Sorry, I know this is a lot, but I just really don’t know what to do. I just really need some advice please! 
Chapter Comments 
9 
POST COMMENT NOW 
SHARE 
###Chapter 177
Strings of Fate 
177- Independent and insecure 
Huh. I don’t know what exactly I was expecting, but this isn’t it. I guess I didn’t expect this girl’s problem to actually be so relatable. I mean, I totally appreciate Bellamy keeping me safe, but it is a little chafing. I can’t imagine what it would be like being eighteen and not being able to go out alone anywhere. I mean, I didn’t exactly go out a lot and socialise until I met Megan and Bellamy, but I have always been very independent. Sure, that might not have been by choice. I never exactly had the chance to depend on anyone. But I can’t imagine having no chance to stand on your own two feet is ideal either. If this girl feels ready to step out on her own, even just a little, she should be able to do that. It’s sweet that she wants to be considerate of her father. I mean, I’m sure there are lots of teenagers who would just scream, throw a tantrum and walk out, probably ruining whatever relationship they have. Oky, so I definitely want to help her, I just don’t really know how. 
“Hey Bellamy?” I ask tentatively. 
“Yes love?” He asks, turning away from the computer screen and giving me his full attention, an action that I seriously appreciate. Honestly, it’s just so nice knowing that someone is really, properly listening to what I have to say. 
am 
“I got a message from a Shifter girl asking for help.” I tell him. He studies my face, obviously trying to work out if I feel okay about it. It’s sweet that he’s so worried about it, particularly since I’ve already agreed to do it. 
“I’m fine. I want to help. I just wanted to ask your opinion about it.” 
“Okay, Sure? He agrees easily. 
“Basically, this girl is having issues with her dad. He’s being very overprotective. She’s eighteen and he won’t let her go anywhere alone. Not just now while we’re on high alert because of the psychos, but in general.” I explain. Bellamy looks confused. 
“I don’t really see the issue. It’s a good thing that her father protects her. This sounds like a teenager complaining that her dad won’t let her go out and recklessly party.” He says seriously. I shake my head in disagreement. 
“No, it’s not like that. Her dad is completely overdoing it. She wants to start university and she won’t be able to because he won’t let her go to classes without an escort that he can’t provide.” I point out. 
“Well… I can’t say I don’t see his point. It’s dangerous out there, I doubt that I would be happy with Megan going to classes if I didn’t have Darrien looking out for her.” he considers. I sigh, he isn’t getting it. 
“This isn’t about how you would feel Bels, think about how Megan would feel if you stopped her. Do you really think she would take it lying down. If you REALLY stopped her from doing what she wants to do. Would your relationship with her survive? You’re the Alpha, consider this as her brother instead. If you stifled her too much, she could just leave. She’s still a person. That’s what this girl is looking at doing if the issue can’t be resolved. Leaving her dad behind and cutting off contact. She doesn’t want to because he is important to her, but she knows that if things continue how they are, she is going to lose all chances to make something of herself in the future or to develop any real relationships.” Bellamy looks thoughtful, like he’s considering my words. I continue making my paint. 
“Think about this. Say I had a father who kept me home all the time and chaperoned me all the time. You and I would probably have never met, or if we did, we definitely wouldn’t have had chances to get to know each other.” I remind him. Bellamy looks appalled. Like he actually looks like he might be sick. 
1/3 
177- Independent and insecure 
“You think it’s that bad? Being protected and guarded all the time?” He asks quietly. I realise he’s misinterpreting this as being about how he is protecting Megan and I. 
“Bels, I didn’t mean for you to think this was about you. I was only using Megan and I as examples that you might find relatable. I admit you occasionally take things a little too far, but it’s not overprotective if the threat is real. Megan and I both get that. Believe me, if we thought you were abusing us by keeping us locked away like a damsel in distress there is no way we would have put up with it silently for this long. This girl understands the need for safety too and how it’s the natural instinct of a male Shifter to be protective of his family. All she wants is help explaining to her dad that he’s overdoing it, maybe some solutions or ways to compromise so that she can have her independence without completely ruining her relationship with him.” I explain. Bellamy looks a little mollified by my reassurance but I can tell he still feels uncomfortable. I think the idea of overdoing it and driving away myself and his sister really got to him. I feel a little bad for upsetting him, but I’m glad he is understanding the point. 
“So we’re looking for ideas on what this Shifter girl can do? Or is she asking us to talk to her father for her?” Bellamy clarifies. 
“I’m not sure. Some combination of the two. She wants a compromise with him, but he doesn’t understand that there is a problem in the first place which makes it kind of hard to discuss it further and come to an agreement.” I figure. Bellamy nods slowly. 
“Well, an extreme response would be that she is always able to just leave home and move in here at the compound. She could still visit her father but he wouldn’t have as much control over her life.” Bellamy starts. I scrunch up my face in distaste. 
“It would work, but I think she wants to do something less extreme. She knows leaving would hurt her relationship with him and she doesn’t want to do that.” I point out. 
“That’s fair. Okay, so she wants to be able to go out, specifically to university, but I assume there are other freedoms she wants too. We could definitely have a discussion with her father. Remind him that while it is very good of him to protect her, it is not acceptable to limit a person’s freedom in the name of protecting them. Except maybe in life or death situations. At which point I would expect him to come to me for assistance anyway.” He thinks out loud. 
“That would probably help her get freedom, but it wouldn’t make him feel better about it. Is there anything we can do to make sure she is safe?” I wonder. Bellamy contemplates the issue in silence for a moment. I try to think of solutions too, but mostly I’m watching Bellamy think. Is he aware of how pretty he is? I am fairly sure that he isn’t. I’m dragged from my thoughts by Bellamy talking. 
“What if we set up an emergency line? Like an emergency line for police, but one that calls our security. They could be called for protection if she needs to come home after dark or if she is uncomfortable, or in emergencies in general. There are plenty of other Shifters who are in university. If we provide it to all of them and keep at least one guard on campus whenever possible it would allow for some more… indirect protection?” Bellamy suggests. I beam a huge smile 
at him. 
“That sounds perfect. If you can arrange that, I can arrange for the girl and her dad to come in for a meeting. Maybe next week sometime?” I suggest. Bellamy agrees and I send Sara a text that basically invites her and her father to a meeting next week and I tell her that there will be a new security program set up for young Shifters, particularly ones in university. That we will explain it properly to her and her father at the meeting and remind him that she is an adult. Sara responds IMMEDIATELY. 
Unknown: Maybe Sara- THANK YOU SO MUCH! I can’t believe you would do this for me! I am so glad I messaged you 
2/3 
177–Independent and Insecure 
for help. Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU! 
Chapter Comments 
11 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 178
Strings of Fate 
178- Managing and measuring 
Bellamy sighs deeply and I can see he looks kind of frustrated. My question must show on my face because when he looks up and makes eye contact he explains. 
“You know, I can kind of see why the girl didn’t want to approach me with her problem. I thought that I was doing alright dealing with the Shifter’s personal issues, that they all knew they could come to me. But my first reaction was to dismiss her complaint as childish whining.” He sounds very disheartened. 
“I’m now wondering if I’ve been failing all this time. I thought I was managing. Maybe the other Alphas are right and I can’t do this.” He says it like he is second guessing every decision he’s made since taking over as Alpha. His confidence has just taken a serious hit. I hate it. Bellamy is usually a fairly confident person. I frown at him. 
“Why is it that every time he second guesses himself it has something to do with me? With something I’ve said. I was trying to help and now it looks like you’re having an existential crisis.” I point out. Bellamy’s eyes widen and he shakes his head quickly. 
“No! T 
That’s not it at all! L… You… Well, you give me the chance to be honest. As the Alpha, part of my job is to be confident, to not let anyone second guess me. But I don’t have to do that with you. Being able to worry about my decisions and being able to discuss them and come up with alternatives… That’s part of having a mate. It’s meant to be that way. I didn’t mean to make you think it was your fault. It’s… a relief to be able to admit when I’m worried about something.” He explains. Oh, so he was never as completely confident as he made out to be. I’m not making him second guess himself, I’m just giving him the chance to be honest. That actually makes a lot of sense. It definitely makes me feel a lot better. 
“In that case, I’m happy to listen. As for you being approachable to the Shifters, you are approachable. They all know that you’ll keep them safe and they all know that you’re doing your best for them. You knew this whole time that you’ve been trying to do the work of two people and you knew that you weren’t totally confident with it. Nothing has changed. If anyone had any real issues with you I’m sure they would have said something by now. Besides… I’m kind of glad you haven’t been able to manage everything perfectly.” I admit. Bellamy tilts his head to the side and raises an 
eyebrow. 
“Oh? And why would you be glad for that?” He asks. I shrug casually. 
“Well… If you could manage all of this alone… You wouldn’t need me.” I point out. Bellamy jumps to his feet and approaches me in my recliner. He kneels by the side of it so that he can look me properly in the eyes. 
“You know that isn’t true right?” He asks softly. 
“Huh?” I say stupidly. His pretty golden eyes are very distracting. What isn’t true? 
“I don’t just need you to help me with being Alpha. You know that right? Even if I wasn’t an Alpha, I would still need you. For me, not for some role I need filled.” He says seriously, staring me in the eyes. 
“1–I know that. Well… Maybe I forgot it a bit, Since we met we’ve been helping each other out, with Megan, with Kiara, with the Shifters. I don’t quite know what it would be like, not having some big task to accomplish. But… I’m okay with that. I LIKE that we work together, I LIKE that we think about things differently. I’m hoping that… we can work together like this always, making each other better.” I feel like I’m rambling, but Bellamy seems to understand what I’m trying to say because he seems satisfied with my answer. 
1/3 
178- Managing and measuring 
Abruptly, Bellamy launches to his feet and heads back to his desk. 
“Why don’t you go get ready for bed? I have something I want to do quickly, but I’ll be up soon.” Bellamy suggests as he pulls out a notepad and pen and starts scribbling something down. Uh, what? Since when does he tell me to leave? What the hell is he writing? And… is he… blushing? Well, I suppose if whatever he is doing is urgent then I should leave him to it. IEit’s important I’m sure he’ll tell me… right? With the kind of effort I am fairly sure most people reserve for running marathons or launching rockets into space, I drag myself out of the recliner and begin to make my way upstairs. I didn’t realise how tired I actually am but as soon as I stood up I realised. So I do as Bellamy suggested and get ready for bed. I kind of want to sleep, but I want to wait for him. Hopefully he doesn’t take too long. I collapse into bed and realise that while I was in the shower, my phone was going off. Ah, Harry. He did say I should keep an eye on the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
Harry- Okay, but GUYS. If this chat is for relationship drama then SOMEONE needs to include the update in Bellamy and Ryann’s progress. Ryann told Bellamy that she LOVES him! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! <3 <3 <3 
Megan- I KNOW it’s so cute! 
Ryann Guys… Is this really necessary? 
Megan- Yes. 
Harry- YES! 
Darrien- Yep. 
Amber- Of course. 
Bellamy-… Uhm… You guys realise I told her that I love her too right? 
Harry- Whatever dude. 
Megan- Yeah, no big deal. 
Darrien – We know Alpha. 
Ryann- Why doesn’t he get a freak out for it? 
Amber- I got this one babe. We all knew that he would say it given half a chance. Everyone has been waiting for you to catch up! 
Ryann- Oh. 
Megan- You telling Alpha Kohen about your relationship is a big deal too! 
Darrien- Definitely. Good job Ryann! 
Amber- Congrats to you both. I mean this in a non- sarcastic way when I say I knew you would figure it out. 
2/3 
178- Managing and measuring 
I am just now realising that all my friends are REALLY invested in my relationship with Bellamy. They know it’s like… inevitable right? Why are they all so excited? I’m more interested in hearing about Megan and Darrien, or Harry and Cam. Bellamy and I are already together. They still have to figure it out. My phone vibrates and again and I check it. It’s Aaron again. I find it hilarious how he reads everything in the chat then messages me separately. I guess what few- words he does have to share aren’t intended for everyone. 
Aaron–You did well today. 
Ryann- Thanks Aaron. 
The bedroom door swings open causing me to jump and half- launch my phone across the bed. 
“Woah, jumpy.” Bellamy comments. He half runs to my side and drops to the bed in front of me. 
“I have something for you. You don’t need to read it now. But when you’re ready, it’s for you. We talked earlier about things I’ve fantasised about. I wrote some of them out for you. None of these things have anything to do with work. I thought it might help serve as a reminder that this, our relationship. It is so much more than just us fulfilling a role.” Then before I can say a word he stands and heads into the ensuite. I stare at the folded piece of paper he dropped on the bed in front of me. I open it and immediately flush red at the first line. 
I’ve wanted you in my bed since the first time I saw you. 
I stop reading and fold it shut again. Nope, nope, nope. Definitely not able to read this right now. I tuck it away safely in the closet with some of my other keepsakes. I’ll… come back to it later. 
Chapter Comments 
DeliliaLayla 
Noooo we wanna know!!!! 
Visitor 
so true 
VIEW ALL 3 COMMENTS 
15 
<SHARE 
POST COMMENT 
10 
###Chapter 179
Strings of Fate 
179- Teamwork and timelines 
Another night, another murder. I see Kiara is forced to reach out again. It has to be connected to her magic in some way. Her species magic. Not her magic as a representative of fate. The poor girl barely even made a sound during this one. She moved around like a zombie afterwards and when she was finally able to collapse onto the floor, she just sobbed until she passed out. I wake up seriously stupidly early in the morning. I don’t want to face the day yet and accept that once again, there is nothing I can actually DO. So I end up just curling up with Bellamy who is still sleeping. He does wake up and check on me. Peering at me through bleary eyes as I move around, but at this point I don’t really want to talk. So I just hug him close and for a while, I try not to think. It is probably another two hours until Bellamy really wakes up. He strokes a hand over my hair and pushes it away from my face, then moves back a little so that he can see my face. 
“Morning love.” He greets me with a smile but it quickly falls off his face when he realises that I’m not returning it. 
“Another bad night?” He asks sympathetically. 
“The worst. Another murder I think.” I confirm croakily. My eyes hurt and as I rub at them I realise they’re wet. How long have I been crying? Based on how sticky my eyes feel, I’m going to go with probably a long while. I sit up and pull a blanket up to my chin, not so much because I’m cold but more because it’s kind of comforting. It’s even more comforting when Bellamy puts an arm over my shoulder and pulls me into his side. 
“Sweetheart, I want to fix this for you. I wish I knew what to do.” I nod against his shoulder. He is quiet for a couple minutes as he contemplates. 
“We’ll call a meeting. Get everyone over here and we can try to figure out if we’ve missed anything or if there is any new information. Maybe if we go over everything from the beginning we can work this out.” He says firmly. I’m not totally sure how it will go, but at this point I’ll try anything. Bellamy sends out a message asking everyone to meet us for lunch today. 
Come lunch time, people start arriving. Megan, Bellamy and I set up food on the dining room table. It was Megan’s idea. She said she figures that everyone can eat while we think, since this might take a while. Aaron and Darrien are the first to arrive. Aaron silently follows behind Darrien who makes a big deal out of greeting Megan even though he saw her yesterday. Shaun and Alex turn up not long after. Their blue thread sitting between them. Alex sets up his laptop and Shaun organises a pile of paperwork and files that they must have printed out before coming. We’re just getting ready to start going over things when there’s a loud knocking at the door. Aaron answers and I’m confused when he returns with Harry and Cam? Did Bellamy invite them to this meeting? I didn’t realise. A glance at Bellamy shows that he’s as confused as me. 
“Hey guys.” I greet them. Harry cheerfully responds. 
“Hey Ry, we’re here for your meeting thing.” He grins. Cam rolls her eyes at him and crosses her arms over her chest. 
“Apparently.” She mutters. 
“Oh, I mean, that’s cool. But… who fold you about the meeting? I didn’t–think-” I’m cut off by another cheerful voice. 
“Oh that was me!” Amber chimes in from the still open doorway. 
“I figured the more people working on the problem the better the chance of finding a solution. Also, I brought some 
1/3 
179–Teamwork and timelines 
extra food.” She says holding up a couple of brown paper bags. 
“More guests means more stomachs to feed. Since I invited myself and these guys along. I brought extra food too.” She explains. 
“Oh, well in that case, come on in I guess.” I gesture for the three of them to join us. With ten of us there aren’t enough chairs, but Aaron and Cam both decide to pull up the kitchen barstools and chill on them instead of sitting around the table which seats the other eight of us. It’s interesting. Every single person in this room is connected to someone with a thread. Red threats between Shaun and Amber, myself and Bellamy, Megan and Darien, Harry and Cam. Then blue threads between Alex and Shaun as well as Megan and I. Actually, I’m wrong Aaron has no threads to anyone in this room. It’s strange because he fits in so well with us all. Yet it’s not fated. He has just made the decision to stay with us all. With all these threads floating around it’s actually a little overwhelming. I am just going to have to do my best to focus despite them. At least these are all nice threads. No black ones or anything 
We all have something to eat, then we get started. As a group, we systematically go through every single thing we know about the psyches. We spit up the files about the murder victims and take turns explaining everything we know about them. We even go over the details of the threats I was sent. We make a timeline of everything that happened. 
“What we’re really missing here is a starting point. The threats against Ryann can’t be the first interaction she had with the psychos. Something had to trigger them. You don’t just get up one day and decide to threaten a random woman or kidnap a child or go on a killing spree.” Darrien observes. 
“Well. Yeah. But we don’t know what that trigger is. Megan points out. 
“Why would someone who was targeting Ryann suddenly start murdering people? I mean, kidnapping Kirkes a vague sort of sense since there is obviously a connection between the two of you, even if you didn’t know it at first. But why start killing people? Is it part of some ritual? Are these people related to you in some way?” Cam asks from 
where she sits next to Aaron. 
“I don’t know any of them. Also I don’t think there is any kind of ritual, unless it involves Kiara’s powers in some way.” I respond with a sigh 
“It’s strange that after you came here there were no more threats, not even any attempts at threats towards you. ! mean, I know you moved here to be safe, but you’re not completely inaccessible. They could be texted to you, emailed to you, delivered to a friend, left at the entrance of the compound. There are plenty of ways that someone could get to you. So after going to all that effort to scare you, why just stop all of a sudden?” Shaun adds. 
“I’m not sure that’s right.” Alex replies softly. We all turn to face him. With a crowd this big, he’s been fairly quiet, only really speaking when spoken to 
“Explain.” Bellamy demands. Alex looks pule 
“Please Alex, feel free to share what you were thinking I tell him gently, hoping to help him relax. 
“Well it’s just… has anyone else looked at the pictures?” He asks shyly. 
“The pictures?” I prompt. 
“The pictures of the victims. They’re in the back of the files. It only just occurred to me while looking at the most recent victim.” He adds. Bellamy frowns. I don’t think we really have looked at the pictures. We’ve been too busy 
2/3 
179–Teamwork and timelines 
looking for connections between the girls or connections to me. Everyone in the group takes out the pictures from the files and we lay them out on the table. Everyone stares at them in stunned silence. 
“Oh.” I say weakly. Bellamy is out of his seat in seconds and pulls me out of my spot. When he sits back down, he takes- me with him. Keeping me on his lap. Megan is the one to say what we’re all thinking. 
“Ry… All of those girls… They look just like you.” 
Chapter Comments 
Visitor 
Wait that legit didn’t occur to any of them 
1 COMMENT 
POST COMMENT 
10 
< SHARE 
###Chapter 180
Strings of Fate 
180- Increase and interactions 
We all sit there in horrified silence, no one quite knowing what to say. Finally, Harry is the one to speak up. 
“Well, they don’t look EXACTLY like you. They all have long, black hair. Your hair is blue. Although it does look black. unless you’re in the daylight. They also all have blue or grey eyes, your eyes are very different, so they couldn’t match that…” He trails off, his false optimism fading as he reasons away his own arguments. His face falls as he gives up trying to reason away what we all know. 
“It’s all about you, every threat, every murder… they’re all directed at you. Even when they couldn’t get to your anymore, the threats didn’t stop. They just chose a different way of threatening you.” Darrien states the obvious. I feel sick. All these women, Kiara’s kidnapping. All because someone hates me? Someone who didn’t even make enough of an impression for me to know who they are, wants me dead. What could I have done? Up until a couple weeks ago I was a waitress! I only started actually interacting with people when I met Bellamy and Megan. My horror has got to be showing on my face. Bellamy starts running a hand up and down my back to soothe me, but it isn’t working very well. Mostly because he is just as tense as me, probably more so. 
use he is 
“We need to increase your security.” He mutters into my car. I frown. Really? I already don’t leave the house and spend pretty much every second of the day with him. What more does he want? 
“Aaron, I will need you to start spending your days here until further notice. You need eyes on Ryann unless directed otherwise.” He pauses before his next order. I can see a slight hesitation. 
“Darrien… I want you here for nights. Since you’re already with Megan for days you can take one of the spare rooms. Sleep at night but be prepared for emergencies. Megan sucks in a breath, I can’t tell if she is pleased or horrified. Darrien nods grimly, but I can see a hint of satisfaction in his face. Probably that he gets to stay close to Megan at night. I think I understand Bellamy’s hesitation. He would probably have liked to have someone other than the guy who is hitting on his sister staying with us, but he also knows it would drive Darrien insane and I know he trusts Darrien to keep Megan safe and to help keep me safe. It probably would have been better if he had paused to check with Megan how she feels about the arrangement, but given how upset he is right now, I doubt it would change his mind either. Still, I can’t help but raise a small ion. 
“Are you sure that’s necessary? I mean, is it fair to Darrien and Aaron?” I ask quietly. All the male Shifters at the table turn and stare at me like I’ve asked a stupid question. Their faces screaming of course it is!‘ Harry just shrugs at me. Not helpful. Cam is staring pointedly at the floor, then the ceiling. So basically, anywhere but at me. Right, so no help there. I try Megan but she just crosses her arms and stares at me. 
“Don’t look at me, I agree with them, Suck it up princess. We all want you safe.” She insists. I sigh and look for aid elsewhere. Who is left? Amber meets my eyes briefly then just rolls her eyes. 
“Don’t worry so much hon, I don’t think this will drag out much longer. Everything ends eventually. But there really is no point fighting this right now.” She reassures me. I sigh and relent. 
“Fine. But I think this might be a bit much. I mean, the psychos sent me letters and trashed my place. They had plenty of chances to get to me earlier and they didn’t. What’s changed?” I question. 
“You weren’t scared at first. If they’re trying to hurt you, it makes sense that first they would want to frighten you, psychological torture before really coming after you.” Shaun tells me gently, clearly trying to soften the blow. 
The room falls silent again, like everyone is trying to give me time to process this information, which I appreciate. I 
1/3 
180–Increase and interactions 
notice Cam shuffling around in her seat, checking her phone. 
“Cam? You okay?” I confirm. She shrugs. 
“I know this is important, and I feel like a jerk for bringing it up right now. But I kind of need to leave. I have a shift at work in less than an hour. I can call in sick if you guys need me here for something, but I’m not totally sure why I was invited to this meeting in the first place. I already answered all your questions about magic.” She says awkwardly. I check the time on my phone. It’s practically dinner time already. 
“Oh, I had no idea the time. Of course you should go to work. As for why you’re here. You’re smart and we like you. We’re pretty desperate, so the more the merrier.” I explain. She flashes me a surprised smile. 
“Thanks I guess.” She gets to her feet. Harry looks back and forth between myself and Cam looking torn. He is clearly trying to choose between staying here to help me and chasing after Cam. Before he comes to a decision, Amber intervenes, 
“Mind giving me a ride home on your way? I won’t be needed for any more of this conversation and I don’t need to be here to hear about it anyway. They’ll figure it out without us.” She says confidently. Cam agrees and Megan sees them both out. Shaun stares after Amber anxiously. She doesn’t really look anything like me, so it’s not likely the psychos would come after her, but if I am the target then maybe my friends are at risk. 
“Shaun, could you please make sure Amber gets home safe for me? Cam, did you want an escort too?” I suggest. She shakes her head. 
“Nah, my bar has a lot of wards and safety charms in place. Plus, I know a ton of defensive and offensive magic. If someone comes for me it will be the last thing they do.” She answers confidently. Yep, Cam is a little terrifying. Shaun jumps to his feet, seemingly pleased to have an excuse to look after Amber. He doesn’t even look to Bellamy to confirm my directions this time. Just follows Cam and Amber to the front door. 
“As for the rest of us, we need to figure out who has an issue with Ryann.” Bellamy declares. I frown. 
“Didn’t we already do that earlier? Make a list of people who might have problems with me? Alex looked into them didn’t he?” I confirm with a glance at Alex who nods. 
“You made the list?” Harry asks. I nod that I did. 
“Well that’s your problem then. Babe, you’re pretty damn oblivious sometimes. I doubt you would notice if someone hated you unless they outright stated it.” He informs me. I want to be mad, but he’s kind of right. 
“Okay, so let’s try something different. Let’s make a list of every unpleasant interaction you’ve had.” Darrien I shrug. 
suggests. 
“Sure I guess, but you don’t mean EVERY interaction right? Like, not my whole life.” I remind him. Bellamy is the one 
to answer. 
“No, that might be a bit much. Let’s start with the interactions since you met me and go from there. Since the killer has been targeting Shifters, it’s likely that the interaction was related to us somehow. If we can’t find anything promising we can go back further.” He decides. I agree and take a deep breath as I try and think of all experiences from the last few months. This is going to suck. 
miy worst 
2/3
###Chapter 181
181- Hostility and hearsay 
“Okay, so since you met Alpha Kane, what arguments or uncomfortable interactions have you had?” Alex prompts, laptop at the ready preparing to take notes. I make eye contact with Bellamy and grin. He suddenly looks VERY 
nervous. 
“Well, my first negative interaction since meeting Bellamy would have been… my first interaction with Bellamy.” Alex starts typing then freezes. 
“Uh… what? But you and Alpha Kane are… I mean… oh damn. Am I supposed to know that? I can’t remember if I’m supposed to be pretending not to notice. AM I supposed to be pretending not to notice?” He anxiously asks, staring up at me. I can’t help but laugh. 
“Alex… I’m literally sitting in Bellamy’s lap. I don’t expect you to act dumb or pretend everything. I just want to avoid gossip. I trust you, I didn’t think I needed to tell you that, but maybe I should have said something carlier.” Oops, I didn’t realise that I was making Alex anxious, although he does seem to be a pretty anxious person anyway. I’ll have to remember that. I guess part of his job is to worry about little details, and he’s good at his job. I think he’s also very nervous around Bellamy, Alex flushes red and mutters an awkward thankyou. Bellamy squeezes his arm around my waist, I think he appreciated me comforting Alex a little. It’s something that he’s not always so good at. Megan is smiling happily watching us and Darrien is smirking. He’s already heard me complain all about Bellamy plenty of times, I think he’s enjoying being ‘in the know,” 
“Uh… well, I’m going to just assume that Alpha Kane isn’t the one threatening you… Maybe you could tell me who else is on the list?” Alex says awkwardly. I swear even Aaron smiles a little. 
“Oh alright, well while I was talking to Bellamy for the first time, there was my neighbour Paul who turned up and freaked out at me for ‘associating with Shifters.‘ He got kicked out of the building for being threatening. So I guess he might be upset about that.” I think aloud. Megan snorts out a laugh and Darrien elbows her grinning. 
“Yeah… that would probably count. Okay, so your old neighbour Paul. Who else?” Alex prompts. I list a few other. people, random customers at work that threw tantrums or were problematic. Not particularly likely candidates. 
“There were the Vampires you guys had a tussle with, and whoever it was that sent them.” Megan adds. 
“I doubt it would be the Vampires, they already tried to make amends. I suspect they were sent by the Canine Alpha trying to cause trouble for me.” Bellamy concludes. 
“I don’t think the Alphas particularly have a problem with Ryann, mostly because it hasn’t occurred to them that she matters. Well… except to Kohan who apparently sees a lot more than I realised.” Bellamy comments. Darrien rolls his 
eyes. 
“Nah, the other two are just so caught up in themselves that they don’t notice anything else. Alpha Aspen is just the only one who pays attention. Alpha Kane, respectfully… you aren’t subtle.” Darrien looks like he’s trying not to laugh. I do appreciate how everyone is trying to lighten the mood while we list people who might hate me and why. It makes it a little less depressing. 
“I know someone who definitely didn’t like you.” Bellamy is smirking and I have to repress the desire to groan, 
“Don’t say it.” I whine. But Bellamy won’t be dissuaded. 
1/3 
181- Hostility and hearsay 
“I remember a certain hostess when we went out to dinner that one time. She REALLY didn’t like you.” He is definitely enjoying himself waaaay too much. This is too much for Darrien who bursts out laughing. 
“Wait, I know you were all pissed off that night, you complained about it later, but I thought it was because you fought with Alpha Kane, now I’m thinking it’s because you were JEALOUS.” He teases. I glare at him. 
“I had nothing to be jealous of.” I answer primly. Bellamy is still smirking and I elbow him in the stomach. He lets out a grunt as I make contact but other than that, he doesn’t seem particularly bothered by my violence. Darn him. 
“I seriously doubt the hostess of the restaurant is threatening my life because I threw away her phone number. She was the one hitting on you when you were clearly there on a non–date with me!” I . At that, the entire room bursts out in laughter. Except Aaron. Seriously, what do I have to do to make him laugh? Does he laugh? I’m starting to think that he might be a robot. It takes a few minutes for everyone to sober up, but the smiles quickly fall from everyone’s faces when Megan speaks. 
“Well, the most obvious answer on who you’ve had trouble with is Tristain. But… Well, I killed him. So I doubt that he’s involved.” She says grimly. I notice Darrien reaching to take her hand. He hesitates a moment. I stare at him until he makes eye contact with me then raise an eyebrow and direct my eyes to his hand. He rolls his eyes, takes a deep breath then grabs her hand quickly, clearly just doing it before he chickens out. I see Megan squeeze his hand back and I can’t help but smile. I’m so glad that Darrien is around. I can’t imagine how awful Megan would feel after everything with Tristain if he wasn’t here to boost her self esteem again. I’m also weirdly grateful for my own weird magic right now. I would be super worried about this if I didn’t know that they’re meant to be. 
sccm 
Not long later, Shaun returns from taking Amber home. He looks… elated. So I guess things went well for him. Things 
to be going well for everyone to be honest. I definitely need to find Aaron’s soul mate. I REALLY wanna know who he will end up with. But first things first, Kiara. Who else has a problem with me? Someone actually ALIVE would be more likely as a suspect, and while listing all these people has been sort of funny, I really don’t believe any of them dislike me enough to want to hurt me. Who am I missing? I’m so caught up in my own thoughts that I barely notice as Bellamy and Darrien are talking. When I finally look up, Darrien is gone. At my confused look Bellamy explains. 
“He went to go get some of his stuff, if he’s going to be staying here for a while, he’s going to need his things.” He points out. Oh, I totally forgot about that. It’s going to be interesting having him around, honestly I doubt much will change, he spends so much time here during the day anyway. I’m not sure I’ll even notice having Aaron here. He just sits around quietly judging everyone most of the time. I’m fairly sure we should all be scared of him, he probably knows every embarrassing thing we’ve ever done… mostly because he’s so non–obtrusive and non–gossipy that we just forget to hide things from him. It’s a good thing he’s quiet. The things he 
must know…. 
Darrien isn’t gone long and when he gets back we decide it’s probably time to send everyone home. Harry has been quiet for a while. He keeps looking at his phone. Probably wondering if it’s too late for him to go harass Cam some more. He’s the first to leave. 
“I need to go walk Cam home.” He declares. 
“Uh, does Cam know that you’re walking her home?” I call after him as he leaves. He just waves at me. Okay, that’s suspicious. Soon, the house clears out and it’s just myself, Bellamy, Megan and Darrien left. Darrien’s phone rings and he smiles as he answers it. 
“Hey.” 
“Yeah.” 
2/3 
181–Hostility and hearsay 
“I did, I’m staying at the Alpha’s home for now.” 
“Yes, she is here too. Yes, I know.” He looks kind of embarrassed. 
“Yes, I’ll call you tomorrow. Love you too.” He hangs up. I stare suspiciously at his back as he carries his stuff upstairs to the guest room that Megan picked out for him. 
POST COMMENT 
Chapter Comments 
DeliliaLayla 
Hmmmm Darrien spill the beans mister. Who is it that you love other then Meghan? 
VIEW ALL 4 COMMENTS 
11 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 182
182- Mothers and meltdowns 
Megan does notice my suspicious glare at Darrien’s back. For a moment she’s confused and I can practically see her replaying the last several minutes in her head to see what bothered me. When she figures it out, she smiles at me. 
“Did you know that Darrien is very close with his mother. They speak or the phone pretty much every night, even if it’s only for a few seconds. It’s very sweet.” She confides. Oooohhhhh he was talking to his mum. That makes so much sense. I didn’t really think that he would be seeing someone else, but maybe that he had some close female friends that he is kind to. Not that it would be a problem, as long as it was clear that’s all they are. Either way, it’s far better. 
“He’s never mentioned his mother to me.” I admit. Megan shrugs. 
“He usually waits until he is alone to talk to her. But I’ve seen him texting her sometimes.” She says with a small smile. 
“Does she live around her?” I ask and Megan shakes her head. 
“Nah, Darrien moved down here a few years ago, but she was already well settled in her community and didn’t want to leave her home.” 
4 
“Oh, then why did he leave?” I think out loud with my head tilted. Darrien descends the stairs in that moment and I blush realising I’ve been talking about him behind his back. 
“That’s easy, I left because I needed a challenge. The town I grew up in is a tiny farm town. Not a lot of career opportunities outside of farming, and that never really appealed to me.” He answers me cheerfully, apparently unoffended by my nosiness. 
“Thats a good reason I guess, Do you miss her?” I ask. He gives a firm nod. 
“Of course, but she knows I’m better off here. She might come and visit me sometime in the next few months. She is due a holiday.” He explains. Megan instantly looks interested. 
“That sounds awesome. We would all love to meet her.” She declares determinedly. She isn’t wrong. I never knew my parents and I find I am extraordinarily interested in meeting Darrien’s mother and seeing who raised him to be the person he is today. 
During this conversation, something has been nagging at the back of my mind. All of a sudden it clicks. 
“Tristain’s mother!” I announce, far too loudly. Megan flinches at my tone, or maybe at my actual words, It’s hard to 
say. 
“Huh? What about Tristain’s mother?” Darrien asks curiously. 
“I met her, she hated me.” I explain. He is briefly confused, then remembers the list we’ve been making. 
“You… You met her?” Megan’s voice is small. I mentally curse myself for speaking without thinking. I should have kept it to myself and just told Bellamy! Or at very least not yelled it out without thinking. Still, it’s too late now and Megan has asked me a question. 
1/3 
182- Mothers and meltdowns 
“Oh, well… Yes I did. Briefly. It wasn’t a pleasant conversation.” I respond haltingly. I don’t want to hurt her. Bellamy and I both tried to shield her from this. She had enough to deal with sorting through her own emotions without being attacked by Tristain’s mother too. Bellamy steps in to help, his arm slipping around my waist, his hand landing on my hip. 
“Tristain’s mother came to see me the day after he passed. She was very angry and upset, she was definitely looking for someone to blame, refusing to believe her son might have done something wrong. It was… getting out of hand. Ryann came and intervened, managed the situation and sent her away.” He adds with a sigh. 
“She was blaming Bellamy for everything that happened, insisting that he must have ordered you to end things with Tristain which would have “broken his heart‘ and caused him to lose it and attack.” I explain. Bellamy’s face suddenly pales. 
“You corrected her. You told her that I wasn’t there and you were, you told her that you were the one who told Megan that Tristain wasn’t being faithful.” He looks like he’s been struck. Megan is crying and Darrien is already pulling her to his chest to comfort her. 
“She… she said she would come back. She never did.” I whisper in horror. This is the first person we’ve listed that I actually believe might hate me enough to want to hurt me. Or at very least, she’s related to Tristain who we already know was very unstable. But, her son was the one who tried to hurt US. Would she really go so far? Commit multiple murders, kidnap a child, just to get to me, someone she only met briefly? 
“It is strange that we didn’t hear from her again. You’re right that she didn’t seem like she would be willing to drop. the matter. It just… escaped my mind with everything else that’s been going on.” He admits. I lean into his side. 
“You’re not the only one who forgot. Do you… do you think she would go this far? Try to hurt me?” I ask. Darrien is the one who responds this time. 
“Never underestimate the lengths a mother will go to for the sake of her child.” He tells me gravely. I repress a sigh, I wouldn’t know, I never knew my parents at all. It doesn’t make sense at all to me, but if all the others believe it could be true, then I trust them. 
“If one of the Psychos is Tristain’s mother, who would the second one be? I assume his mother is there would need to be a magic user too, right?” I ask. Bellamy nods his agreement. 
a Shifter like him. So 
“Yes, and I have no idea who she might be working with. I would guess family, but all her family would be Shifters. I can’t think who else would go so far to avenge a criminal.” His tone is dark. He seems fairly convinced that Tristain’s mother is involved. I remember the prim blonde woman. Thinking back on it, I could definitely see her being cold enough to kill someone, or to hurt a child. She wants someone to blame, and I guess I might have unintentionally made myself that person. Although if I hadn’t, she probably would have come after Bellamy or Megan. I suspect the situation would have ended up similarly. Kiara might have avoided being involved though. I suspect she was taken mostly for her connection to me. If Tristain’s mother hates me for breaking up Tristain and Megan, she could have found out about my magic. I don’t advertise it, but it’s not exactly a huge secret either. 
“Do you think she could have found Kiara and assumed that she and I are related in some way? Her eyes are like mine and our marks are similar. If she hates me for my magic, blames me for her son. It would make a twisted kind of sense for her to go after someone she might interpret as being my family. A child that, at a glance, you could easily assume is connected to me.” No one speaks, but only because they know that I am probably right. The more I think about this, the more sense it makes. Tristain’s mother has to be involved somehow. Finally, FINALLY, we are making some progress. It hurts to think about it, but hopefully this means we will find Kiara soon. 
###Chapter 183
Strings of Fate 
183- Pacing and preparing 
Even though he’s just left, Bellamy calls Alex. I feel kind of bad about it, he’s been here for hours and just when we finally let him go home, we call him with more work. 
“Hey Alex. I need you to track down Tristain’s mother. I need to know where she is, any properties she has and also anyone she might be close with, particularly magic users.” Bellamy pauses listening to Alex’s response. Man, it must be nice to be able to hear the other side of the conversation like all the Shifters In the room can. 
“Yes, she was here the day his mother came to see me, Ryann intervened when she became emotional. It’s possible that she might have interpr things to believe that Ryann is responsible.” He glances down at me and hurriedly 
adds. 
“She isn’t of course. It’s ridiculous. But I don’t expect someone who thinks killing people to make a point is a good plan, to be reasonable.” He finishes. I smile at him, it was unnecessary, but I do appreciate his efforts to make sure I don’t feel bad about things. Bellamy hangs up and we all stand there, not sure what to do next. 
“We can go pick up Tristain’s mother as soon as we know where she is, but Alex needs a little time to track her down first. We should all rest for a couple hours. We can get a team together. We’ve been working all day. Everyone needs to at least relax a while, shower, read a book, take a nap, whatever.” Bellamy insists. We all reluctantly agree, but I can tell that no one is particularly happy about it. Now that we have a lead, we all want to chase it down immediately. But Bellamy IS right. It’s better to be smart about this. As much as I want to go get Kiara right now, it’s been weeks since she was taken. It’s not likely that any further harm will come to her in the next couple hours, and it would be awful if something bad happened to her because we rushed in without thinking things through. 
Bellamy and I head upstairs. I collapse into the bed to relax but it lasts about five seconds before I’m back on my feet pacing the room. Bellamy is sending out a bunch of messages making sure there is a team ready to go after Tristain’s mother. In theory, it shouldn’t be that hard for only a couple Shifters to take her in easily. But since we don’t know who is with her or what weird magic has been used to kill the victims, not to mention what other magic she might have access to and the fact that they have a child as a hostage. Then there’s the fact that all of this is working from the assumption that I’m right about Tristain’s mother being the one who wants to hurt me in the first place. Is it strange that I don’t even know her name? How can it be that someone hates me enough to commit multiple murders and a kidnapping, but I don’t even know her name. To do all this, she would have had to dedicate all her time to her hatred, to focussing on her anger. Meanwhile, she was such a small part of my life, of my day, that I didn’t even think of her as a potential threat until now, and only because Darrien’s phone call with his mother triggered the memory. This is ridiculous. I think back to the day I met her. What did I say to her? What exactly caused her to direct all her anger and pain at me? Was there something I could have done differently? I know I wasn’t super nice to her, but Bellamy thought I did okay. He was super grateful for my help, but now I’m thinking I just made everything worse. I just jumped into the conversation without thinking. What could I have said differently? I mean, she was already very angry and upset. All I really did was take her attention from Bellamy and drag it to myself instead. Maybe I should have just let her yell at us. At the time I thought she needed some time to cool off, but maybe if we gave her a chance to express her angry to get it all out, we could have helped her. Or maybe there was nothing I could have done, nothing either of us could have done. I mean, she raised the kind of man who would marry a girl while in love with someone else, just to try and get more power. 
I’m pulled from my thoughts by Bellamy catching my hand, apparently done with his phone. He Pulls me towards him and wraps his arms around my waist. I lean into him and he buries his face in my hair. 
“You’re supposed to be relaxing, trying to take a break before we go try and find Kiara. I’m fairly sure you’re just wearing yourself out and working yourself up into a frenzy.” He chastises me gently. I shrug. 
1/2 
183- Pacing and preparing 
I can’t help it. I can’t just MAKE myself relax.” I . 
“You could try meditating?” Bellamy suggests helpfully. 
“Nah, I’m too antsy. Too much nervous energy. I don’t think I could sit still long enough to clear my mind.” I explain. Even now, Bellamy’s arms around me are the only thing stopping me from bouncing from foot to foot. 
“I understand.” Bellamy responds, and he does. I can feel how tense he is. Ready for action, to push forwards and face everything head on, as he does. This waiting is as difficult for him as it is for me, maybe more so. 
“We’re going to find her, aren’t we?” I ask quietly. Bellamy pulls back to look me in the eye. 
“We will find her. I’m going to find her. I won’t rest until I can put that little girl in your arms. Until you can be sure that she’s okay.” He promises. I slide my hands up his chest to his shoulders, then lean up on my tip toes and press a light kiss to his lips. 
“I love you.” I tell him shyly and Bellamy’s serious expression breaks into a smile. 
“I love you too.” He responds, the smile still on his face. I move to go sit on the bed, knowing that if I start pacing again, he’s just going to catch me. I do my best not to think, but it isn’t working. My thoughts return to my earlier 
rumination. 
“Bellamy? What is Tristain’s mother’s name?” I ask quietly. Bellamy, who was approaching the bed to join me, freezes in place. His brow furrows as he thinks. 
“L… I don’t know.” He sounds as horrified as I feel. He pulls his phone out and sends off another message before coming to collapse on the bed next to me. He pulls me to his side and I curl up against him with a deep sigh. 
“I wish I had spoken to Megan earlier. Had told her the truth about Tristain when I first suspected it. Things might have ended differently.” Bellamy admits, his tone vulnerable and quiet. I stroke a hand down his chest in a way I hope is reassuring. 
“You couldn’t have known, and I had plenty of chances to tell her too. We both kind of messed up. We shouldn’t have waited until her actual wedding day to speak up. We were both a little caught up in our own issues at that point.” I respond. I don’t think my words actually make him feel better, they don’t make me feel better either. I continue. 
“But neither of us could have seen this coming, and we aren’t responsible for the bad things that other people do..” I remind him. He nods and kisses my head. His phone chimes and he checks it. 
“Tristain’s mother… Her name is Cheryl.” 
Chapter Comments 
? 8 
POST COMMENT NOW 
< SHARE 
2/2 
Strings of Fate 
###Chapter 184
184- Lifeless and lawn 
The hour and a half that it takes for Alex to gather all the necessary information is somehow the longest hour and a half of my life and the shortest all at the same time. It drags on but is also over far too quickly. We all head downstairs to get ready to leave and meet the others. 
“Okay, so Darrien and Aaron will stay here with you guys and we will call you as soon as we have them.” Bellamy announces his plan confidently. I make eye contact with Megan who looks just as sceptical as me. Does he seriously think we’re going to just sit here and wait? 
“Yeah, no. That’s not going to work for me. Bellamy you can’t seriously think we’re just going to sit around here and wait. We’re coming with you.” I argue. Bellamy shakes his head adamantly. 
“Absolutely not. It’s not safe.” He refuses. I roll my eyes. 
“It’s not safe for you either.” I point out. Bellamy crosses his arms and stares me down. 
“You can’t fight.” He argues. 
“I don’t need to fight to be useful. I can keep a look out, or help with communication. Not to mention, Kiara will hopefully recognise my voice. She’s going to need something familiar and I’m the best we’ve got.” I tell him stubbornly, holding his gaze in the way only I can manage. I know Bellamy can see my point, but he isn’t giving up 
yet. 
“You’ll distract me. I’ll be too busy worrying about you.” He insists. I shake my head. 
“You’ll worry either way. If you didn’t want me around, you shouldn’t have asked me to work with you.” I glare and Bellamy lets out what sounds almost like a growl. I take pity on him and relent just a little. 
“I’m not saying I need to be in the middle of the action. I’ll wait in the car. You can call me in when you need me.” I suggest. He still looks kind of pissed off but he gives a stiff nod. 
“Fine. But you WILL stay in the car.” His eyes flick to Megan. 
“Both of you. Aaron and Darrien will be staying with you. I don’t care what happens, you will NOT get out of the vehicle unless I say so.” He orders. Eh, close enough. I know he’s just worried about me so I nod my agreement and I hear Megan agree too. Darrien doesn’t seem thrilled with the agreement either. He and Bellamy exchange a look that clearly says; ‘Seriously, what are we even doing with these stubborn women? We make our way out to the car, Bellamy’s hand tight on my hip. I can hear Megan and Darrien bickering. Apparently he is trying to convince her to stay home, and when that fails, he begins lecturing her about the dangers of leaving the car. Or making noise. Basically of doing anything at all. 
It’s super quiet outside and there is practically no traffic on the roads at all. What time is it anyway? It was already getting late when we sent everyone home. I would guess it’s about midnight. Maybe just after.We pull up in front of a totally normal house in an average neighbourhood. I know there is no reason why there would be anything wrong with the house, but I still pictured it as old or decrepit. I wanted to see it dirty and falling apart, in disrepair like a villain’s house should be. Shouldn’t there be some outward sign of her slowly losing her mind and falling apart? I almost think I would feel better if I knew that Cheryl was not in her right mind. But no. The place is boringly normal. Maybe the grass is a little overgrown, but no more than anyone else’s lawn on the street is. Bellamy repeats his order for Megan 
1/3 
184- Lifeless and lawn 
and I to stay in the car, like we didn’t hear it the first dozen times he said it. My face is pretty much plastered to the window along with Megan’s as we watch Bellamy and five other guards, including Shaun, quietly approach the house. I see them test the handle on the front door, then without warning, one of the bigger guys kicks down the front door in a smooth movement and they all go streaming inside. Then… nothing. 
“Ugh, waiting in the car sucks. We can’t SEE anything.” Megan complains. 
“It’s for your own safety. Tristan’s mother has just as much reason to hate you as she does Ryann.” He reminds her. 
“I know, I know. But that doesn’t make this less frustrating!” She continues. 
“I get it. It’s a shame we don’t have cameras or something. Ooh, we could have wired everyone up with like, body cams. Then we could have watched. Something to remember for next time something like this happens. I bet Alex could do it for us.” I point out. Megan nods seriously, but it only takes a few seconds for her eyes to dart back to the front door which is still hanging open. Her anxiety is putting me on edge too, even though I have every confidence in Bellamy and the others. 
“Should it be taking so long?” I ask, bouncing in place. Aaron shrugs. 
“It depends on if she was the only one in the house. Relax if you can. As soon as it’s safe, Alpha Kane will call for you.” He assures me. I don’t feel any better. In fact I’m starting to feel worse. Something is wrong. I just know it. I sit and try to focus on keeping my breathing even. My heart is racing which is just ridiculous, all I’m doing is sitting here!! 
Finally, FINALLY, I see Bellamy emerge from the house. I’m out of my seat and flying out of the car before anyone can so much as blink. I didn’t even know I could move that fast. 1 fly into Bellamy’s arms and he catches me. After a moment I step back and look him over. He seems totally unharmed which is a good sign. 
“You were meant to wait for me to say it’s safe to get out of the car.” Bellamy s. I roll my eyes, 
“Yeah, sure. How did it go? Do we have Kiara?” I ask. Bellamy’s face turns grim and my stomach twists. 
“We found Cheryl. She was asleep and didn’t really put up a fight at all. But Ry… there is no one else in that house.” He tells me gently. I go cold all over. 
“No one? What about her partner? What about Kiara?” I demand. Bellamy takes my hands and holds them tight. 
“There is no one there. Just Cheryl Ryann… Kiara isn’t here.” Liflinch away from his words. 
“No, she has to be. She HAS to be. Maybe you missed her, maybe she’s hidden?” I suggest, my voice quiet, not ready to give up hope that we might find her just yet. 
“We’re going to keep checking, but sweetheart, none of us can see or scent any sign of a little girl in that house. I don’t think she was ever here.” 
“But… I was so sure that Tristain’s mum was involved. It has to be her. She’s the only one who makes sense!” I think! might cry. 
“She is involved. She started swearing and yelling at me the moment we woke her. Don’t give up yet. She might still be able to tell us where Kiara is, or tell us about her partner. This is still progress.” He reassures me. My face darkens. 
2/3 
184- Lifeless and lawn 
“I want to talk to her.” I demand. Bellamy falters for a second, but I’m already making my way over to the house. Bellamy chases after me. I can see he’s unsure, but I don’t give him a chance to . It’s time for me to get some answers, because if Kiara isn’t here, then I am going to find her. 
Chapter Comments 
8 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 185
Strings of Fate 
185- Honesty and hatred 
As I approach the house, I can see neighbours peering out their windows at us. I give one of them, a kid, a cheerful little wave before he ducks back behind the curtain. I guess the door breaking was a little loud and this is a bit of a weird situation. I’m surprised the police haven’t turned up yet. Not that they would do anything. A Shifter Alpha has complete authority over their Shifters. If Bellamy wants her in jail or something, all he has to do is parade her up to the police station, prove who he is and tell them how long she should be put away for. I swear, the only reason the different races don’t all have separate prisons is because they just don’t need them that often. When you add magic and other impressive abilities, most people who commit serious crimes go down swinging and end up dead, like Tristain did. If he had dropped it then he probably would have just been locked away. It’s one of the reasons the MRO doesn’t like having Unknown magics around. No faction is responsible for us. We’re a nightmare for lawyers. I can argue that as a Magic, only the leader of my particular race can sentence me. Since no one knows what that actually is… well that’s where it gets confusing. Sure, I am sort of human, but so are Witches and they are sentenced by their covens. Basically our law system doesn’t work if you don’t fit into one of their carefully prepared little boxes. Although I guess that now I’m registered as the female Feline Alpha, I might actually come under Shifter rules now. It’s hard to be sure. Not that I plan on rule breaking, it’s just a strange thought. 
I carefully step over the wreckage that used to be the front door. It’s pretty much shattered. There will be no saving this door. Shaun is the first one to notice me in the doorway and looks a little shocked. He looks like he might to my presence, but then he makes eye contact with me and after a moment is forced to look away. He drops his gaze and says nothing. I am about to head into the living room where I can hear talking when I remember the kid in the 
window. 
“Shaun, can you do me a favour?” I ask. He looks shocked. 
“Of course Al- Miss Gale.” He seems surprised by his own slip. So am I. Was he about to call me Alpha? I guess I did just force him to submit. Still, it’s enough to make me check myself. What am I doing? Storming in here alone. I should wait for Bellamy, we can figure this out together. Shaun seems to notice the change in my expression because he relaxes a little. 
“What did you need?” He asks. 
“Oh, I was going to ask if maybe you could go chat with the neighbours. I can see their awake. Maybe just let them. know that the Shifter Alpha is here dealing with a Shifter who has stepped out of line. Assure them that no one is being harmed and that they are completely safe. We’ve got a bit of an audience at the windows.” I point out. He raises an eyebrow but nods his agreement and heads out, passing Bellamy on the way and nodding respectfully. 
“That was a good idea.” Bellamy comments. I shrug in response. 
“I’d want to know.” Is all I tell him. He is looking at me warily and after a moment I sigh and hold my hand out to him. He steps forward and clasps my hand, twisting our fingers together and holding tight. 
“We’ll talk to her together.” I say firmly and Bellamy gives me a half smile as he nods before leading me into the living 
room. 
Cheryl is tied to what looks like a dining chair. I’d say that’s enough to hold her, but she’s a Shifter. She could probably break the ropes with enough effort, or just shift out of them. But she isn’t moving at all. Not speaking either, just glaring at everyone. There are guards on either side of her. I’ve seen them around, but I don’t know them by name. I’ll have to remember to find out later so I can thank them properly. I turn my focus back to Cheryl. Her blonde hair which was so perfectly styled last time I saw her is a mess around her face and I can see regrowth at the roots like she’s been 
1/2 
185–Honesty and hatred 
neglecting it for a while now. If it’s even possible she looks even thinner than she did before. She looks like she’s barely eaten or slept. I’d be tempted to feel bad for her, except the way she’s glaring at me makes that impossible. If looks could kill I would be six feet under and then some. 
“You can speak now.” Bellamy tells her coldly. Immediately she starts spitting out threats and insults. Oh, so that’s why she was quiet. Bellamy did his Alpha command type thing. I assume that’s why she’s not trying to escape either. 
“Where is Kiara?” I demand. Cheryl pauses in her tirade and seems briefly confused before she understands my question. 
“Kiara? Is that the brat’s name? I don’t have her.” She looks smug and while I’ve never been a violent person, I kind of want to hit her right now. I decide that instead of pushing her to answer questions she doesn’t want to talk about, I’ll see what she IS willing to answer first so I can come up with better questions. 
*Why did you take her?” I demand. She shrugs as well as she can with her arms pinned at her sides by rope. 
“She can be useful. But mostly I just figured you would notice. You didn’t even react to my first threat, I thought I needed to step it up a bit. Then you moved in with the Alpha which made it difficult to get a message to you. I thought this would make my point just as well. You took my son from me, so I took a child from you. I assume she’s related to you somehow. Your marks match and I’ve never seen anyone else with that particular marking.” She grins at me in a way that definitely suits the psycho name that we’ve been addressing her by. 
“But why? I don’t even know her!” I realise I’m beginning to raise my voice and carefully take a deep breath to steady myself. Bellamy squeezes my hand in encouragement. 
“You don’t? I just assumed you did. It doesn’t matter either way. Clearly taking the girl still got your attention so it did what it was meant to do. Her powers aren’t the same as yours, but they’re similar enough. It was a coincidence that I found her. Just saw her passing on the street and saw her mark. But when I looked into it and realised that your magic is related to the fates, well I knew what needed to be done. If you weren’t so obsessed with fate none of this would have ever happened. Using the girl’s ability to see death I’ve been picking out victims who aren’t meant to die yet, just like my son shouldn’t have died.” She smirks and 1 stare in horror. 
“Why? Why would you do that?” I ask quietly, my tone almost completely flat. 
“To show you that you’re wrong. Fate is wrong. It changes all the time. If my son can be killed because of fates meddling then why not someone else?” She is practically ranting at this point. She’s actually insane. She killed all these people just to basically prove that my powers are useless? Every last bit of pity I had for her because she lost her son is gone now and all that’s left is hate. I hate her, I always will hate her and if this is the kind of person she is, I don’t see how there was ever any other outcome. For half a second everything is dark, Like I’ve closed my eyes or blinked really slowly. When I open them I see something new, something I’ve never seen before. My threads have changed. There is a black thread joining myself and Cheryl that most definitely was not there before. 
Chapter Comments 
10 
###Chapter 186
Strings of Fate 
186- Examination and exhaustion 
I startle at the new thread, then freeze. I probably look ridiculous and I’m fairly sure I’m alternating between staring at my own chest and Cheryl’s. Ugh, I probably look like I’m staring at my own boobs. I have got to stop. I’m too stunned to speak and I vaguely notice that Bellamy has taken over the interrogation. Asking who Cheryl is working with and 
answer. I 
where Kiara is being kept. She refuses to give any kind of useful do zone back in a little when I realise that 
Bellamy is trying to use his whole Alpha thing to force her to speak. 
“Tell me where Kiara is.” He demands. But before he can finish the sentence, Cheryl slams her eyes shut and presses her lips together, flat out refusing to speak any further. I guess closing her eyes somehow stops Bellamy’s Alpha thing from working. That’s different I guess? I really ought to find out how it’s meant to work since I can actually do that to some extent. Or at least I managed to do something with it when Tristain was in the middle of the dominance battle. I’m disappointed that Cheryl isn’t saying anything, but after her psychotic rant, I didn’t really expect anything else. I think we’re going to be better off searching the house looking for clues or evidence that Kiara was here at some point. Now that I’m not staring at my new black thread, it’s a little less alarming. Mostly because it doesn’t really change anything does it? I’ve already decided that Cheryl is not someone I am ever going to get along with. I don’t know exactly how I can be destined to hate her now when I wasn’t before but it is what it is. It is kind of concerning that these threads can change, they never have before. Maybe it’s just a fluke thing since these murders have messed up 
other people’s fates. 
After a while, Bellamy gets frustrated and gives up on getting Cheryl to say anything else. Since she finished her rant she hasn’t said a single word. She won’t even open her eyes. I think she might even be humming to herself. The tune is oddly familiar but I can’t place it. It’s like she is trying to pretend we don’t exist at all. 
Take her to the Magic’s prison. Tell them I will send through the paperwork for her sentencing later.” Bellamy orders the two guards that are still standing over Cheryl. She barely reacts as they lead her away, shuffling along between them like a zombie, her eyes still shut. I sigh and lean into Bellamy’s side. He wraps an arm over my shoulder and 
leans his head on mine. 
“What are you going to do about sentencing?” I ask. Bellamy lets out a deep sigh, much like the one I just gave. 
“After her confession in the murders and kidnapping? She won’t be getting out of there anytime soon, or ever probably.” He tells me softly. He sounds miserable and I do understand. I hate Cheryl, but being the person who has to make the decision that she will never be free again… that can’t be pleasant. 
“Tell me when you’re doing the paperwork and stuff for it. I’ll help you, or sit with you or something.” I offer. Bellamy squeezes me tight for a second before letting me go. 
“Thanks.” He gives me a sad smile. 
We spend the next couple hours searching the house. We go through it inch by inch looking for any sign of Kiara, or anything that hints to who Cheryl might be working with. We don’t find anything useful at all. We do grab Cheryl’s laptop and phone and take them with us to give to Alex. She has to be communicating with her partner somehow, so it seems likely that there will be SOMETHING on one of them that might give us a clue. I’m sitting on the floor of her office searching through the desk drawers which I pulled out and stacked around me. Actually I’m going through them for the fifth time when Bellamy comes to get me. My eyes are burning and I’m completely out of it. I’m not sure I’m even looking at the contents of the drawer anymore. Just moving things around and praying that some clue will magically appear, I know there’s nothing here, if there was we would have found it by now. But I can’t bring myself to be the one to call an end to the search, to officially give up. 
1/2 
186- Examination and exhaustion 
“Ry, love?” he drops a hand onto my shoulder. I tip my head back to look up at him, my eyes barely cracked open. 
“Hmm?” I give as a response. 
“Sweetheart, there’s nothing here. You need to sleep. The sun will be up soon and you look like you’re going to collapse.” He moves around and grabs my hands, gently pulling me to my feet. I stumble over one of the drawers and he catches me against his chest. He’s so warm and I’m so comfortable there that I can’t bring myself to move away again. I just hide my face against him and let him support my weight. 
“We’re not giving up. Mauve Alex will find something in her messages. I know it sucks that we didn’t find Kiara here, but this is progress. We know more than we did this time yesterday.” He forces optimism into his tone, but he sounds as tired as me. I nod against his chest, but I still don’t move. I could just stay here forever and pretend the world doesn’t exist. We stand for another minute before Bellamy moves. 3 
“Alright. That’s it. Time to get you to bed.” He moves away just enough to hook his arms underneath me and lift me off my feet. I don’t even have the energy to . I just wrap my arms around his neck and cling to him tightly. 
On the way home, Aaron drives. Bellamy sits in the back seat and keeps me on his lap and holds me tight, occasionally running a hand down my back or through my hair. Darrien sits in the passenger seat and Megan is in the back with us. She and Bellamy are talking to each other, but their voices are so soft that without Shifter hearing, I can’t quite tell what they’re saying. But honestly I don’t care. Their familiar voices are soothing. I’m heartbroken that I didn’t find Kiara here, but Bellamy is right that this was still at least partially a win for us and I need to rest before we figure out our next step. Back at the house, I move to get out of the car but Bellamy holds me tight against his chest trapping me in place. He carries me inside, Megan hurries ahead of us to unlock the front door. In fact he carries me all the way to bed. He drops me into the blankets and helps me pull off my shoes and jacket. He vanishes for a second and my eyes begin to fall closed. He comes back with another of his shirts for me to wear. Drowsily, I pull off my top and pull his on over my bra. I shove my leggings off roughly and kick them away. Lastly I unhook my bra, pull it off under the shirt and fling it away. Then I collapse back into the pillows, too exhausted to think. Bellamy moves around the room for a couple minutes. I hear the rustle of him changing clothes and I think he collects my stuff off the floor and drops it into a hamper. Finally, he crawls into bed beside me, flicks off the light and pulls me into his chest. I fall asleep listening to the soft sound of his heart beating. 
Chapter Comments 
Madalaine Rodrigues. 
was it not better to observe cheryl and have her followed around a bit 
Visitor 
why is alex purple? xD 
POST COMMENT 
 
9 
VIEW ALL & COMMENTS 
###Chapter 187
187- Accidents and avoidance 
I wake up feeling groggy and I just know that I’ve slept in late. If I did dream, I don’t remember any of it which honestly is kind of a relief because I needed rest so badly. Bellamy isn’t in bed beside me, so I assume he got up at a more normal time. He must be exhausted, because I’m still tired and I obviously slept in longer than he did. It’s strange that I didn’t have visions of Kiara, then again those visions seem to make me tired and use energy, particularly when I interact with her. So maybe I just didn’t have enough energy to manage it. I spend at least fifteen minutes lying in bed trying to force my brain to wake up. Okay, that’s enough. Apparently I’m not going to feel better or more awake than I do now. A shower might help. I climb out of bed, tripping over the blankets as I go, and head straight into the ensuite. I don’t think at all, just strip off my clothes and step into the shower. I turn the hot water on first and absolutely freeze as I wait for it to heat up. Finally it reaches a comfortable temperature and I’m able to relax under the stream of water for a while. It feels great on my back which is apparently really sore. I probably slept twisted or something. Or maybe it was all the tension from yesterday. I suppose the cause doesn’t really matter. But I should definitely take a painkiller or something. I have a headache too. Actually I feel almost hungover which is annoying since I didn’t even drink. All the downsides with none of the fun. Alright that’s it. When this is over, I’m getting all my friends together and we are going to get raging drunk. I want to actually earn my hangover for once. Then again, last time I totally humiliated myself with Bellamy, although being drunk might be the only way I’m ever brave enough to actually make any progress with him physically. Ugh. I should really work on that. I might manage it better if I didn’t have to stress so much about Kiara and these psychos. I take it back, rather than get drunk, when this is all sorted out I’m going to spend some time actively working on my relationship with Bellamy and learning not to feel so damn awkward all the time! It’s crazy how I can simultaneously feel so comfortable around him and so nervous. 
I hear the bedroom door open.That’s strange, I shouldn’t be able to hear that so easily, especially not while in the shower. I automatically turn towards the door and… oh shoot! I didn’t close the bathroom door behind me. I really was out of it. I should go close the door right away. Actually, Bellamy’s footsteps sound close… Maybe I should stay where I am and hope the 
eam hides me? Or can I reach a towel? I know I was thinking I should be less shy with Bellamy but this is NOT what I meant. Maybe I should just call out to Bellamy and tell him to close his eyes and give me a second, yeah that’s a good plan. I open my mouth but I’m too late. I can see Bellamy’s figure through the condensation in the shower and I freeze in place. I can hear him draw in a sharp breath, then the ensuite door is being pulled closed and I’m alone again. My heart is beating a mile a minute and I have a weird urge to stand in front of the mirror to figure out if I look hot or if I look like a drowned rat. Probably the latter. Ugh this is so ridiculous. I spend more time in the bathroom than I probably would have and when I finally emerge, Bellamy is sitting on the end of the bed, his hands behind him, leaning back staring up at the ceiling, He looks flushed. Yeah okay, that steam definitely wasn’t hiding anything. So much for that. 
“I didn’t realise the door was open.” 1 force out. Bellamy lets out a deep breath. 
I figured.” He answers. 
“Th- thankyou for closing it for me.” I push on. Bellamy nods and doesn’t look at me. Okay… I don’t know how else to 
respond to that. 
“Uh… I guess I’m going to go grab something to eat?” I tell him, although it weirdly comes out as a question. Bellamys nods and gets to his feet, I assume to/join me. Just as I reach the bedroom door he grabs my hand and pulls me back. He is flushing bright red. 
“Ry? I just wanted to say… you’re beautiful.” Okay, now I’m just as bright red as he is. Although I feel a bit pleased too. 
I kind of needed to hear that. 
“Th–thanks.” 
1/2 
187- Accidents and avoidance 
I wait until I’ve eaten, taken some painkillers and downed some caffeine before I even bother trying to figure out my own thoughts. I’m still kind of concerned about my new thread. I can’t see it anymore, I assume that Cheryl is too far away for me to see it anymore. I tell Bellamy about how it suddenly appeared, and how exhausted I’ve been since then. He listens intently without interruption. 
“Is it possible that the threat was there last time you met and you just missed it? I mean it wasn’t a long conversation and there was a lot going on.” He suggests. I raise an eyebrow sceptically. 
“Alright, I get it. It wasn’t there before. I was just checking.” He thinks for a minute. 
“Maybe… It’s because of the murders. I mean we already determined that they weren’t fated. So maybe these additional deaths changed your fate too.” Bellamy pauses and his expression freezes in place. 
“Have… have you seen any other threads change?” He keeps his voice even but it sounds…off? I shake my head no. 
“No, definitely not. That’s why this is so weird.” I tell him. His shoulders droop and I can see him relaxing. 
“That’s okay then, as long as none of your other threads change. The one with Megan… Or me.” Oh, I get it. He was worried about our thread. He thought it might change too. I seriously doubt that would happen. 
“Bellamy, it’s one thing to hate someone, it would be totally different for my fated soul mate to somehow change. I don’t think that could ever happen.” I reassure him. He hugs me tight and I can tell how relieved he is. He must have been more worried than I thought. I think he probably is right about the murders being what changed my threads. though. 
“Oh, I had some questions now that I’m actually awake properly. I was wondering why your Alpha, bossiness thing couldn’t make Cheryl tell us about Kiara, you were able to make her stay put. What changed?” I ask. Bellamy sighs. 
“She was closing her eyes and ignoring me. It sounds silly but it works. Eye contact isn’t strictly necessary, but it does help. Essentially what was happening is that Cheryl wasn’t listening to me. She was ignoring me well enough that she was kind of… zoning out? She did it well enough that she wasn’t really aware of the commands I was giving so that she was able to avoid them. Sure, something like telling her to stop or stay might work. It would be hard to tune someone out enough that you don’t process a basic command like stop. More complicated questions are easier to ignore and harder for me to force. Although it definitely takes a lot of focus to avoid them. Some Shifters practise that kind of thing, particularly if they spend a lot of time around dominant Shifters with opinions they disagree with. I guess Cheryl is one of them.” 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
###Chapter 188
188- Backrests and basements 
I consider this new information for a few minutes while Bellamy eats another serving of eggs on toast. Actually, he seems really hungry. Did he wait for me to eat? 
“Cheryl being able to avoid your commands is… inconvenient. But I suppose if you’re going to go around killing and kidnapping, it makes sense that you would practise something like that. Plus obviously she taught Tristain some weird tricks too.” I think aloud. 
“What do you mean by that?” He pauses eating. I tell Bellamy how everyone was frozen in place at Megan’s wedding. Much like Cheryl was, at least they were until I interrupted. Bellamy looks fascinated and pleased. 
“Well, people did report being frozen in place, but I didn’t realise that you were the one who freed them, although it does make sense. You should be able to order them around the same way I do, we are equally dominant after all. It just might take a little practice.” He considers. I scrunch. 
up my face. 
“I’m not sure I want to be able to boss people around.” I admit. He shrugs. 
“You don’t have to. It’s up to you to use it or not. I generally will try not to force people to do things, but situations like Cheryl are different. Dominant Shifters, and apparently you, have the ability but it’s mostly intended so that we don’t have to fight weaker individuals. The dominance thing is sort of like skipping the argument or physical fight that might result from it and getting to the end result which is the dominant Shifter winning.” He says I roll my eyes at him. 
That doesn’t make sense at all. I couldn’t win a fight against anyone.” I point out. He shrugs. 
“You don’t have to be the one fighting. You tend to collect friends and loyalties. That’s a different form of strength.” He reasons. The more I hear about the Shifter dominance stuff the more sketchy it seems. Do they just make up the rules as they go along? I’m starting to think they do. But whatever. It is what it is. It would be interesting to see how some of my other non–Shifter friends fit into the hierarchy. Harry for example. He loves challenging people, particularly those who come across as authority figures. I should get him to test it sometime. Actually, I should update him and Amber on what happened last night. Although I suspect Amber already knows. Maybe I should tell Cam too since we’ve kind of dragged her into it all. I just wish we had better news. I know we caught Cheryl, but Kiara is still missing and captured by… whoever the partner is. Actually, taking Cheryl might have upset the partner. This could be bad for Kiara. Why didn’t I think about it earlier? Oh shoot I feel dizzy. Am I breathing? 
In a second Bellamy is at my side. He cups his hand to my cheek and forces me to meet his golden eyes. 
“Hey, shh, take a deep breath and tell me what’s wrong.” He says gently, coaxing it out of me. 
*Kiara, we took Cheryl. What if the partner is upset or retaliates. Taking Kiara was Cheryl’s idea, what if the partner doesn’t want her anymore or gets angry and hurts her.” The more I think about it the worse it gets. The more awful the outcome gets. I think I’m shaking, I’m just so scared for Kiara. She’s so small and she’s been through so much already. 
“Bellamy… What if she’s already dead.” I whisper in horror. He immediately shakes his head in denial. 
“I don’t think she is. I think you would know. You have a connection to her.” He reminds me. I frown. 
1/2 
188- Backrests and basements 
“I didn’t dream of her last night. For the first time in ages.” I tell him. Bellamy keeps his expression calm but I can see that he’s paled a little. He’s acting confident for my sake, but he isn’t sure. 
“You were exhausted. I doubt you would remember even if you did dream. I literally carried you to bed. I’m sure that when you try again you’ll be able to see her.” He assures me. I move so quickly it shoves my seat back. 
“I’m going upstairs to meditate and check on Kiara. I won’t be able to think about anything else until I know she’s alive. That we didn’t make things worse for her.” I declare. Bellamy nods his acceptance and gets me a glass of water which he encourages me to take upstairs with me. 
Upstairs in the bedroom I decide not to lie in the bed this time. I’m still a little tired and I don’t want to fall asleep. Instead, I grab a couple pillows off the bed and place them on the floor next to it. One to sit on, and one to use as a backrest up against the side of the bed. I am really anxious, so getting myself calm enough for this to work is going to be difficult, but I’m determined to do it. I NEED to know that Kiara is still waiting for me to come find her. That she hasn’t been hurt. I need her to know that I’m still looking for her. I can’t make myself less stressed, so I start with the things that I can control. First my breathing. Taking deep measured breaths until my lungs no longer feel like they’re closing up. Next I work on relaxing my body. Resting my head back against the bed, focusing on each body part in turn. until I feel the tension bleeding away. Only then, do I turn my thoughts to Kiara. I try not to think about my worries for her. Just the things I know for sure. How her hair and eyes look. Her mark, her magic and connection to me. The soft sound of her small voice. As I focus, other things start to come to me, the aches in her body. How she feels cold and hungry. She has a headache and her throat is scratchy and dry. Everything smells unpleasant and she wants a bath. Lastly I start to feel how she does. Scared, lonely, exhausted, but determined she hasn’t given up. I can’t help the gasp of relief I let out when she finally comes into my view. She looks much the same as last time. The bruising on her face is nasty, but she doesn’t have any new marks. At least not anywhere visible to me. She is sitting with her legs. pulled up to her chest, her chin on her knees. She seems to sense that I’m watching though because her head lifts and she looks around before dropping down to her knees again. 
“Hello Lady. I think you’re here again. I’m not sure though… I- I think something happened. One of the mean ladies has been yelling a lot. She came down here and she broke a bunch of things. It was scary, but she didn’t hurt me at least.” She whispers as if afraid someone will hear her. 
“Where?” 1 push the question towards her and she perks up a little. 
“Oh I was right. You are here. Where? You mean where am I? I don’t really know. A house I think. Downstairs in a basement. It’s cold and dirty down here. There are lots of shelves with old books and stuff like you find in the stores 
the Witches run. Mum never let me touch any of that stuff or go near it though so I can’t be sure. I’d look around more but I can’t. The mean lady did something when they first made me come here. Now I can’t really move more than a little bit away from this spot. Maybe like two steps? Then I get stuck and I have to sit down again. My legs get sore sitting here so much. But it’s better than when they make me go out.” She shudders and I’m fairly sure she is talking about the murders. The poor thing, I imagine pulling her into a hug. I wish I could do that so badly. Kiara goes quiet for a while, clearly struggling with something. I wait. 
Chapter Comments 
6 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 189
189- Detention and deserving 
“Lady, can you tell me your name?” She asks quietly. She sounds like she doesn’t actually expect me to answer. Which is fair I guess, I’m not even exactly one hundred percent sure that I can. My head is aching. But that’s the question she asked and I am going to do my best to answer. It takes me a minute to manage it and I watch as Kiara’s face falls even further with every second she doesn’t hear from me. Finally I succeed. 
“Ryann.” For a second, I don’t think it worked. Kiara doesn’t react and I sigh through my aching head and prepare to try again. 
“That’s a nice name. Ryann… I didn’t want to believe it, I was hoping I was wrong but… I’m pretty sure that my mum and dad are dead. They weren’t moving when I was taken away. I was hoping they were just asleep or under a spell but… if that were true 
“ould have come to get me by now, Daddy would have gotten me out of here and then probably locked me up in a tower like some fairytale character to make sure that no one ever gets to me again.” There are tears in her eyes and she lets out a whimpery sort of chuckle before a deep sigh. 
“You don’t talk much, I don’t even know how you talk to me at all. But I do know that you’re nice. You’re a good person. I can feel it how you want to help me. I think you might be the only person I have left that cares about me. You’re my only friend now. I don’t think I really deserve a friend anymore… but you’re still here and I really want you to come find me okay? Ryann… I’ll be your best friend forever and ever if you can get me out of here.” She promises. Oh the poor darling. How can she think that she doesn’t deserve a friend? What have they done to her? Everytime I speak to her I love this child more and more. I’ve never even spoken to her in person but I can’t imagine feeling closer to her than I already do. I try to send reassuring vibes towards Kiara but I have no idea if it helps. I sit with her a little longer before I return to myself. At some point, I tipped over sideways and I am now lying on the bedroom floor. Oops. It’s probably a good thing Bellamy hasn’t come upstairs. He would not be thrilled to find me lying on the ground. Still, I need to go tell him what I learned. I try to get to my feet but immediately fall back into the pillows. I crawl over to the bedside table to grab the glass of water Bellamy gave me earlier. Okay, I’ll tell him in a minute when the world. stops spinning. 
I stumble down the stairs and Bellamy must hear me coming because he is waiting for me in the hall at the bottom of the stairs. It’s probably a good thing because I trip over the third stair from the bottom and accidentally launch myself at him. He catches me easily. 
“Well hello to you too.” He greets me with a grin and I can’t help but smile back. It doesn’t last though. 
“I spoke to Kiara again. Well, mostly she spoke to me. But she knew I was there.” I tell him. Bellamy gently lifts me off of my feet and carries me to the living room. I’d complain but I’m still a little dizzy and I just can’t be bothered He sits on the couch with me in his lap. 
“What did she tell you?” He asks. 
“A lot of things. Most of it sad. She said I’m the only friend she has, and she begged me to come find her.” My voice breaks as I tell him and Bellamy hugs me tighter. 
“I did learn some useful stuff though. Cheryl’s partner is definitely a woman. Kiara kept referring to the partner as “her‘ and ‘she‘. Also, Kiara is spelled. I’ll have to ask Cam more about it, but she said they did something to her and she can’t take more than two steps away from the spot they leave her in.” I explain. Bellamy nods and I can see he’s contemplating the implications. 
“We couldn’t sneak in and just take her. We need to deal with the partner first. We might need a Witch too in order to 
1/2 
189- Detention and deserving 
break the spell.” He observes and I nod my agreement. 
“Yeah, oh she also tried to describe where she’s being kept. It sounds like a basement or something. She described it as having stuff like the Witch shops do. So it has to be the Witch partner’s home right?” 
“Probably. That’s useful to know. Almost definitely a Witch, definitely female and probably keeping Kiara in her own house. I’ll let Alex know. He’s currently searching through Cheryl’s computer looking for… Well, anything useful really.” He texts the new information to Alex. I take the time to call Cam. She doesn’t answer my call but does text back immediately. 
Cam- Hey sorry, there’s a huge party booking here and it’s super loud. I wouldn’t be able to hear a phone call. I can text? Or I can call you back in a few hours. 
Ryann- That’s alright. Texting should be fine. I managed to speak with Kiara again. She told me they spelled her or something. I was hoping you could help me identify it, maybe tell me how it can be broken? 
Cam–Sure, tell me what the spell is doing and I’ll do my best to answer. 
Ryann- It stops her from running away. She says she can’t take more than two steps in any direction from the place they left her. I think it kind of makes her fall over or something if she does?. 
Cam- Oh that’s an easy answer. A basic detention spell. Mostly used for prisoners, but most parents learn it and it’s occasionally used to give overly rambunctious kids a time out. Not something I approve of. There’s a whole debate about it. Magically enforced punishments that is. 
Cam- It should be fairly harmless, and usually they only last a few hours maximum. Less if you intend it to be short lived. If it’s going for longer than that, the Witch would need to re–cast it regularly. Probably a couple times a day at least. At night too. Maybe every six hours if the Witch is reasonably powerful? It’s more used for prisoner transports since it’s not practical to have to spell someone that much. 
Ryann- Can it be broken? Or do we have to wait for it to time out? If we tried to take her away from that spot could we 
do it? 
Cam- The spell is to stop someone from leaving. It doesn’t stop them being taken. If you were to pick her up and carry her it wouldn’t stop her. When you put her down she would be stuck in the spot you place her until the spell runs out though. So you could carry her from danger, but she couldn’t run away of her own volition. 
I am horrified. Why would anyone do that to a child? And she’s been trapped like that for weeks now! The poor thing. I am going to get her free and make sure that she is never trapped that way ever again! 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 190
190- Freezing and feeling 
My thoughts turn back to the tracking spell that Cam made for us. I am officially desperate enough to try anything. I can’t leave Kiara there anymore. 
Ryann- The tracking spell you gave us. How well do you need to know the person you’re tracking? Is it based on how long you’ve known them? How much time you’ve spent together? How much the time is valued? 
Cam–Well, it is based more on the emotional connection between two people. So usually people who have strong emotional connections ARE people who have spent a lot of time together, but there’s no requirement. As long as both parties are emotionally close the spell should be able to latch onto that. 
Ryann–So what if theoretically the two people had never met in person, but there was a strong emotional attachment regardless? 
Cam–You mean yourself, don’t you? Look, I can’t guarantee that the spell will work for you. I mean, with all the effort you’ve put in I’m fairly sure that your emotional attachment is close enough. The question is whether Kiara has an emotional attachment to you. 
Ryann- I mean, I THINK she does. We haven’t spoken much but she knows I’m looking for her. She’s… counting on me. 
Cam- It’s worth a shot. The worst that could happen is the spell doesn’t work and you end up with a nasty headache. 
Ryann- In that case I’m going to do it. Well, I’ll talk to Bellamy first. But It’s definitely happening. 
Cam–Okay. Well, to use the spell just tip it over your hand and arm with your palm facing upwards. You can think of it like a metal detector, or that game hot and cold. You should feel something in your hand when it’s facing towards her and it will get more noticeable the closer you get. It might not help if she is really far away, but since we’re fairly sure she is still in the city IF the tracking spell works for you, then she should be in range. 
Ryann- Thank you so much Cam. Please let me know if there’s ever anything I can do for you. Even if this doesn’t work, you’ve been so helpful. No wonder Harry likes you so much. 
Cam- HAH! I wouldn’t use HIM as a measure of a person. I mean, who DOESN’T he like? 
Ryann- He is a friendly guy, but I trust his opinions. He’s always been a good judge of character. I mean, would it be better if he hated everyone? 
Cam- I suppose not. Anyway, tell me how the tracking spell goes. I’ll be keeping my fingers crossed for you. Good luck! 
Oh, there she goes. I guess she isn’t quite ready to believe that Harry might actually be genuine in his attentions just yet. Poor guy. It’s not his fault that he’s an Incubus. It is true that a lot of Incubi do cheat on their partners, but that’s usually only the ones who are jerks and enjoy making people fall for them. Harry might sleep around a lot (although not so much recently) and he is definitely an incorrigible flirt, but he never lies or pretends to have feelings. He doesn’t lead anyone on or leave them with false impressions. I hope Cam doesn’t go too hard on him. He might be taking it well now, but the longer she refuses to believe he means what he’s saying, the more likely it is to hurt his feelings. Not that he would admit it. As if summoned by my thoughts, Harry messages the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
1/3 
190- Freezing and feeling 
Harry- So I’m a little confused by the most recent drink Cam has given me…. 
Megan- Confused how? 
Darrien- Is it actually safe for consumption? If so, I can see how that might be different to usual. 
Harry- It’s frozen. 
Ryann- Frozen… like a slushie? 
Harry- No, like the entire drink is a solid chunk of ice. 
Bellamy- Are you sure it’s even an alcoholic drink? I didn’t think you COULD freeze a drink like that. Did she take it 
out of a freezer? 
Harry- That’s the weird thing. She just… poured it. Then I tried to drink it but… I can’t. It’s like a rock. 
Amber- Damnit. I can’t believe I didn’t get to see you trying to drink that. What a disappointment. 
Megan- Now you know how the rest of us feel. 
Bellamy- I bet that bar has security cameras. We know the bartender. I bet if you bribe her you could get your hands on the footage…. 
Ryann HAH. Oh I’m totally going to ask sometime. 
Harry You guys are useless. 
Darrien- How did she even manage to freeze the alcohol, particularly so fast? 
Megan–.I blame magic. Always blame magic. 
Darrien- Fair enough. 
Harry- You guys! I need HELP. How am I meant to drink this? It could take HOURS to melt. Am I supposed to just SIT here all night? 
Amber- Weren’t you planning to do that anyway? 
Harry-… 
Harry. You have a good point. I guess there’s no rush. Maybe this is her way of hinting that she wants me to stay late. 
Bellamy–That might be reading into it a little much. But sure, whatever makes you happy. 
Darrien- Megan and I just finished making dinner Ryann. 
Ryann- Alrighty, on my way down now. 
Bellamy–Eagerly anticipating your return. 
2/3 
190- Freezing and feeling 
Amber- Rolling my eyes. 
Harry- Ew, 
I head downstairs and Bellamy meets me in the hall and greets me with a quick kiss. We head into the kitchen and find that Darrien and Megan have set up a ‘build your own taco‘ station at the dining table. When we’re all settled and eating, I inform everyone of my intention to try the tracking spell. 
“Cam says that it might work, if the emotional connection between Kiara and I is strong enough, and worst case it does nothing. It’s worth a shot. I don’t know why I feel the need to justify my decision so much. No one is even arguing with me. 
“That’s fair. We can do it tomorrow. Just give me time to get the team together so we can be ready if it does work. We should also find out if Alex learned anything from the computer. We might be able to narrow down the search area or something.” I feel a sudden rush of affection for Bellamy. Not only is he backing my plan, but he’s coming up with ways to make it work more efficiently. 
“You should try to tell Kiara that we’re coming. I think it might make the spell work better. If she’s expecting you, she will be thinking about you. That seems like it might help with the whole emotional connection thing, right?” Megan suggests. Darrien nods approvingly at her and the pride in his eyes is almost embarrassing to watch. Bellamy also agrees that it’s worth a shot. We decide to try the spell tomorrow at about midday. It gives me time to wake up, try to warn Kiara that we are (hopefully) coming and use the potion. It also gives Bellamy time to communicate with the team and Alex about whatever he might have found. 
After contacting Kiara, I’m exhausted again. As a result I’m practically falling asleep at the dinner table. Darrien Volunteers to coordinate with Alex to make arrangements for tomorrow and to my surprise, Bellamy agrees to let him manage things. I must look more tired than I thought because Bellamy practically drags me upstairs. We rush through our nighttime routines and for what is probably the first time in my adult life, I go to bed early without complaint. We are both in bed and asleep before it even hits nine at night. 
###Chapter 191
191- Technology and teamwork 
It’s another long night of watching Kiara sleep. It’s boring, but also kind of soothing because at least if she’s asleep I know that no one is hurting her or traumatising her any more than they already have. I sort of zone in and out. Sometimes watching her and sometimes properly sleeping myself in blissful blackness. I wake up properly and I can immediately tell that it is WAY too early to be up. With a groan I roll away from Bellamy and grab my phone. Ugh, it’s not even five am yet. This is disgusting. But I went to bed so early there is no way I am going to get back to sleep. Bellamy hasn’t woken up and is still sleeping heavily. I think he didn’t sleep as much as I did yesterday so he probably needs it more than I did. I decide to use the time to sneak downstairs and look at some of the emails from Shifters asking for assistance. I haven’t gotten to spend a lot of time on them the past couple of days. I get out of bed, careful not to disturb Bellamy and I stop to pull on a pair of socks before heading downstairs because my feet are kind of cold and I haven’t replaced my unicorn slippers since the incident at my old place where I got blood on them. I creep down the stairs and I stop off in the kitchen to make myself a hot chocolate before heading to make myself comfortable in Bellamy’s office. 
1 answer a few emails, sticking to the ones I’m comfortable answering without asking Bellamy for further information and I write draft responses for a couple to confirm with Bellamy later before I send them. It’s just after six am when Bellamy comes downstairs looking for me. He finds me in his office and greets me with a kiss on the top of my head. 
“Morning love. Did you sleep well?” He asks, his voice still rough from sleep. 
“Yeah, Kiara was resting most of the night so I was able to get at least a little bit of proper sleep. How about you?” I return the question. Bellamy smiles sweetly. 
“I always sleep well when you’re with me.” He answers. He leans over my shoulder to see what I’m doing and I show him the emails that I wrote. With a few adjustments I send them off and conclude I’ve been productive enough for it being so early in the morning. Bellamy and I work together to make breakfast, it’s late enough now that Megan and Darrien will probably be up soon. We make more food than I would have guessed four people can eat, but I guess three of those people are Shifters with extra fast metabolisms so it makes sense. Darrien appears in the kitchen about forty seconds after I start frying bacon. No surprise there. Megan joins us not long after. We discuss our plans to try the tracking spell today and Darrien updates us on the arrangements he made to get a team with us for tracking and hopefully finding and rescuing Kiara. We’re expecting a visit from Alex any time now. He stayed up late working on Cheryl’s computer and phone so we figure he will turn up when he is ready and then we can continue to plan from there. Once we’ve spoken to Alex I’m going to try to speak to Kiara, then I can use the tracking spell and we will just have to hope for the best. 
Megan and Darrien are just washing up the dishes from breakfast when Alex knocks at the front door. I let him in and he settles at the dining room table with Cheryl’s laptop and phone in front of him. 
“So, I didn’t really find much in her phone. I suspect she must have a second disposable one somewhere that she dumped before we found her. All the messages and calls in this one seem to be on the up and up. Mostly just to her workplace. Her computer was a little more interesting. I managed to find a series of messages back and forth in a chat online. None of the information is particularly revealing but they do mention a date and time which I think fairly well lines up with when Miss Gale’s home/was vandalised. The chat hasn’t been used in weeks so I suspect that after that day they changed to communicating with throwaway phones or magical means.” He explains. Huh, I mean I was kind 
i 
of hoping that he would find some message with an exact address, or at least a name. But it seems that Cheryl and this other woman were fairly cautious damn them. 
“Is there anything else relevant?” Bellamy asks. 
191- Technology and teamwork. 
“Well, aside from an attachment with a file that contains an obsessed stalker level amount of research about Miss Gale, Alpha Kane, Miss Kane and the girl Kiara, there is one other thing in the chat. It doesn’t actually tell us where to look, but when they were talking about vandalising Miss Gale’s home, the other woman wrote ‘at least it won’t be a long drive to get there.“” Alex adds. 
“Ah, implying that the other person lives reasonably close.” I conclude and Alex nods. 
“So we should start the tracking spell from your old place.” Megan adds cheerfully. SHe seems awfully happy given we’re about to attempt a rescue operation. I think maybe she is as hopeful as I am that we can finally end this. Save Kiara and get our freedom back. She isn’t enjoying being cooped up. She likes to go out a lot more than I do and I think she’s struggling with it. Not that she’s complaining. But she’s been restless. I think she wants to go for a run in her feline form, but even going out on a rescue mission is appealing to her at this point if only because it provides a 
chance to leave the house. 
Alex confirms that he has nothing else useful to contribute and then Bellamy sends him home to sleep. He stayed up most of the night going through each and every file and message on Cheryl’s devices and at this point he is practically asleep on his feet. I think if we left him unattended he would probably fall asleep on the dining room table. I suspect it’s only his anxiety around Bellamy that is keeping him from dropping off right now, Bellamy and Darrien call the team that will be going with us. I head upstairs and have a super quick shower. I don’t even wash my hair! Once I’m dressed and have my wet hair wrapped in a towel. I lay back in the bed to try and contact Kiara. I manage it faster than I ever have before. Maybe because for once, I don’t have any other thoughts in my head. All I am thinking or worrying about is Kiara. Or maybe the connection between us is getting stronger. I can only hope so, it makes it more likely the spell will succeed. Kiara seems aware that I’m watching because she is talking quietly to me, telling me about all the strange Witchy type stuff in the basement. Or maybe she’s just been talking to me the whole time in the hopes that I might be listening. I don’t want to say too much or hold the connection too long as I always end up exhausted afterwards and I have a lot to do today if we’re going to find her. Still, I want her to know we’re coming. I want her thinking about me and focussing on it, it gives the spell the best chance of working. So I push one word. 
towards her. 
“Today.” 
###Chapter 192
192–Numb and nervous 
The drive back to my old home is quiet. We’re all kind of anxious. Bellamy, Darrien, Megan and I all ride together. Apparently some of the others are going to meet us there. No one even bothered arguing that Megan or I shouldn’t come this time. I have to use the spell and Megan used the same argument as last time. I think with all the security coming with us, with the team is probably the safest place either of us could possibly be. We pull up to park and unsurprisingly, there is a large group of Shifters all sitting around while Maggie moves between them all offering what looks like cake and cookies. It seems she has already distributed cups of tea to everyone as well. I hop out of the car and she beams at me. 
“Ryann! It’s lovely to see you. I hear you’re going on a bit of a magical scavenger hunt looking for that missing girl. I’m sure you’ll do well, but there’s no harm in making sure that everyone is well fed before you go.” She cheerfully offering me the plate. I take a cookie and ugh wow have I missed these. This might be the biggest downside in moving, more distance between myself and Maggie’s amazing baking. While she gives everyone snacks I look around to see who else is here. Shaun and Aaron of course, a few other male Shifters that I have seen around but don’t know by name. I’ll have to learn them. I’m happy to see that Rio is here. She waves at me enthusiastically, although I’m saved from talking because her mouth is stuffed full of cake. I like Rio, but I’m not sure I’m prepared for a long conversation right now. I have to focus on Kiara. Shaun wanders over to us. 
“Good morning Alpha Kane, Miss Gale. You know, that Maggie really is a miracle worker. This cake is amazing. We’re all free to assist you for as long as it takes today. It’s time that we find that little girl. I hope you don’t mind that Rio. tagged along. She volunteered to help when she heard that Miss Gale was coming. Apparently she is quite fond of you.” He grins at me and I can’t help but smile back. I’m glad that she likes me. 
“Of course, more help can’t hurt.” I respond and Bellamy nods his approval. Aaron catches my eyes and gives me a short nod as a greeting. As quiet as ever. 
Once we’re all fed, Bellamy gathers everyone around and gives an explanation as to what the plan is. Basically, I use the spell and, assuming it works, we all get in the cars and detve around until I find something. Like a game of hotter and colder from what Cam told me. We answer a few questions about how we want everyone to split up, (Even between the cars) Are we expecting multiple people wherever Kiara is being held? (Probably not but we can’t be totally sure.) Should we be prepared to be attacked magically? (Yes probably) and other than Kiara, do we know who we are looking for? (Nope, only that it’s a woman.) Maggie also volunteers to operate as a sort of home base for everyone and promises to keep food and drinks handy for anyone who needs to pause for a break. With all the questions out of the way, I grab the tracking spell from where I’ve stashed it in the car, wrapped up in a towel just in case. I don’t want to risk breaking it, although I might not have to worry, I know Cam spells a lot of her glassware to be unbreakable. Still, I’m not willing to take that chance. In the daylight, the purple potion is actually almost pink. It swirls around in the bottle and sort of looks like it’s glittering, but that could just be that the glass bottle is really shiny. I take a deep breath as I prepare to follow Cam’s directions. All the Shifters as well as Maggie are standing around us in a wonky kind of circle as they watch on curiously. Bellamy hovers anxiously over my shoulder. He’s a little nervous about me dumping a spell over myself and is fiddling with his red string bracelet. I’m not worried about it. I trust Cam’s skills and I know that she wouldn’t hurt me. I’m more nervous that it won’t work, that Kiara doesn’t feel a strong enough connection with me for me to track hef. I already told her that we’re coming for her today. I don’t want to be a liar. 
I hold my right hand up, palm towards the sky. Bellamy uncorks the potion bottle and gives it back to me. I hold my breath as I pour it slowly over my hand. It’s so quiet in our circle that I suspect I am not the only person holding my breath. The spell looks pink on my hand and it is a much thicker consistency than I thought. More like custard than water. I was almost right about it glittering, but it’s not glitter, it’s more like tiny sparks. I pour the entire bottle over my hand, strangely none of it ends up on the floor, even though there is far more in the bottle than I should be able to reasonably hold in my single hand. When the bottle is empty, Bellamy reclaims it from me and we all stare and wait. Is 
1/2 
192- Numb and nervous 
something supposed to be happening? This is like when we removed the spell sticking the bottle to Harry’s hand all over again. Everyone is all worked up and then nothing. But does that mean it hasn’t worked or not? I experimentally close my fist and when I reopen it, my hand is empty. Uhm what? Shouldn’t I be able to tell if this is working or not? I’m about half a second from bursting into tears when I feel something. My hand feels… sort of numb? I turn around and at first nothing changes, but in the general northern direction, I feel a sort of prickling feeling in my fingertips. 
“I… I think it’s worked? It’s really weird. But I’m fairly sure we need to go that way.” I point north. 
That’s a strange spell. Most Witch magic is more flashy. I was expecting flashing lights or a puff of smoke or something.” She observes. I shrug in response. 
“Yeah, the friend that made it for me seems to prefer keeping her spells subtle. I guess she isn’t trying to draw. attention to herself the way a lot of Witches seem to like doing.” I agree. It does make sense. Cam likes to hide spells in her drinks and apparently is willing to give away illegal tracking spells to me and controlled healing spells to doctor Dae. She is talented and powerful, but it suits her to be underestimated. She isn’t trying to draw attention. Most Witches try to show off how powerful they are in order to get more business and to push up the prices of their products. Cam uses magic and it is clearly a large part of her life, but it’s not her whole life. If she suddenly lost the ability to use magic she would get by just fine. I’ve met plenty of Witches who probably couldn’t even get dressed in the morning without some magical assistance. Okay, that might be an exaggeration. But most powerful Witches use magic to make a living and they rarely have other marketable skills. A lot of Witches don’t even send their children to regular school, choosing to homeschool their kids with a focus on magic related skills. 
I spend a couple more minutes moving around the car park and getting a feel for the magic in my hand. It seems like the prickling–feeling in my fingers means ‘go that way‘ and the numbness means there is nothing there. Once I’m confident, we all load ourselves into the cars and begin to head north. 
###Chapter 193
Strings of Fate 
193- Passing and palms 
Anyone who believes that using a tracking spell is easy would be very wrong. Not that the spell isn’t doing it’s job, it is. I can pretty constantly feel a prickling sensation in my fingers when we’re going the right way. The problem is that I can’t seem to keep us on track. At first going north was helping, I could feel the sensation in my fingertips getting stronger, then all of a sudden it was going away. The road that we were driving down which I THOUGHT was going straight north must have a subtle curve to it somewhere because we’re all of a sudden getting further away, even though we haven’t turned at all. At least not intentionally. We try all sorts of tricks to keep on track. The one that seems to work the best is pausing at every intersection and letting me choose which turn to take. But even that has problems. If the place I’m aiming for is directly between two roads for example, then no matter which one I choose we still end up going the wrong way. By mid afternoon we pause for a break at Maggie’s to eat and stretch our legs. I’m starting to feel very frustrated with our lack of progress. I mean, we have figured out a little. Aaron pulled out a map about two hours ago and he seems to be tracking our progress with little arrows and crosses. A cross when I conclude that a road is taking us further away, and an arrow pointing the way that I chose. He is slowly eliminating options, it’s working but it’s slow progress. It’s sort of like trying to find a needle in a haystack by picking up each individual piece of hay, looking it over then putting it to the side when it’s wrong. Sure, eventually you’ll run out of hay, and if you’re lucky it won’t be the last piece in the pile, but it is slow. Very slow. 
By the time it starts to get dark I am getting cranky and tired. My head hurts, my shoulder hurts from holding my hand up so much and my actual hand is feeling really stiff. My whole palm is still numb and the prickling in my fingers is almost painful in comparison. Not that I’m complaining about it. I suspect that Bellamy would get upset if he realised how uncomfortable 1 am and there’s nothing much he can do about it anyway. So I power through and do my best not to rub at my hand. I am starting to get anxious that this spell is going to wear off before I can find Kiara. I forgot to ask Cam how long it’s meant to last for. I get Megan to shoot Cam a text message to ask since I’m giving directions and Bellamy is driving. They assure me that the spell won’t wear off as long as I intend to keep it working. Once I am no longer looking for Kiara it will automatically end. It is my own intent and desire to find her that is powering the spell. Well that’s a relief at least. 
My frustration hits an all time high when we come to an intersection and I say to go left. Bellamy turns but Aaron 
raises an eyebrow and shows me the map. 
“Wait what? You’ve already marked this way as wrong. How can it be wrong? Unless I messed up, but I don’t see how that could be the case, either I feel something or I don’t. There’s no inbetween, no space for confusion.” I realise that my tone is very angry and I take a few deep breaths to try and calm myself. It’s not Aaron’s fault and I shouldn’t take it out on him. Megan is the one to answer me, but she sounds wary, like she doesn’t want to give me the answer. 
“Well… there’s a simple solution to that, Ry. If the direction has changed, it is probably because her location has changed. Someone has moved her.” She points out. I let my head thump back into the seat. It’s so obvious and she must be right. But it’s also the worst news. As far as I can tell, the only time that Kiara has been moved has been when the psychos wanted to commit a murder. I was hoping that they would stop with Cheryl in custody, I mean half the team is missing, that has to increase the associated risk. The remaining partner would need to control Kiara AND commit the murder. Unless, what if she has realised we’re coming? Would she run? Take Kiara with her? Or would she try to get rid of Kiara? It can’t be easy laying low when you have a kid with you. Not to mention Klara hasn’t been exactly presentable whenever I checkin on her. No one could walk down the street with that little girl and blend in. If I saw someone walking down the street with a child who looked like that I would probably call the police or something. No, if the psycho was running away, I doubt that she would take Kiara. So if Kiara has been moved then it’s most likely because there is another murder planned. 
“Stop here please.” I tell Bellamy. I need to check on Kiara, maybe she can tell me something useful if she’s outside. Something that will help me narrow this down. There is no point in driving around aimlessly in the meantime. In the 
1/2 
193- Passing and palms 
light from the car headlights, the street looks especially quict and empty. I can tell that there is a slight breeze from the swaying tree branches and everything is very peaceful compared to the turmoil raging inside of me. Two other cars of Shifters pull up behind us and I can head Darrien speaking to someone softly on the phone letting them know that we’ve just paused for a minute or two. I clear my thoughts as best as I can and return my attention to picturing Kiara 
It doesn’t take long. As we suspected, she is walking and moving around. She looks angry and determined. She must be able to sense me watching because she looks around briefly before realising I’m not actually physically there. The way her little shoulders droop kills me a little. Kiara is a very smart girl and must realise why I’m checking in because she starts speaking. 
“Can’t we stop and get something to eat first” Please? I’m starving. We passed that big shopping centre a few minutes ago. They’re probably open late and-” She is cut off as she jerks forward as if yanked and stumbles a little before catching herself. I don’t wait to see what happens next. I just immediately return to my own self. 
“That shopping centre we passed a few blocks back. They’re near there.” I tell Bellamy hurriedly. He immediately does a U turn and heads towards it. When we arrive I jump out of the car. I know they’re close and at this point going on foot seems a lot faster than driving. Shifters are still getting out of the cars when I start running in the direction that feels right. I cut through people’s yards, hop a couple fences (with help from Bellamy) and even break a gate to make sure I don’t lose the trail. The prickling sensation in my fingers feels more like stabbing and for the first time in hours, I can feel something in the palm of my hand. We’re close, so close and I am not going to stop until I’ve found her and she is safe. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
凸 
SHARE 
###Chapter 194
194- Fire and fanatic 
I barely notice as I scratch my legs up on a rather ugly spiked plant as I cut through someone’s backyard. I’ve never had a tattoo but my hand feels how I imagine getting a tattoo feels. Thousands of needles jamming into my hand over and over.I’ll have to ask someone sometime how it feels to know if my comparison is accurate or not. But either way the feeling is very unpleasant. Still, I am weirdly enjoying the pain, because the more pain the closer we must be to finding Kiara. All of a sudden the pain in my hand starts to fade a little. I slide to a stop, almost toppling over and turn back around. My hand is instantly burning again. 
“This one. I think it’s this house.” I declare. Instantly Bellamy and the team surge into action. Moving to approach the front and back doors simultaneously. I can tell that Bellamy doesn’t want me here, but there’s nowhere else for me to go. We left the cars several streets back. Aaron hangs back from the group staying with myself and Megan. I give him a small smile of appreciation but mostly I just want to barge into the house and find Kiara. I hold my breath as Bellamy tests the door. It opens, completely unlocked. I can hear voices coming from further inside the house. Bellamy and the others enter in a hurry and despite Aaron’s raised eyebrow of protest, Megan and I follow them inside. 
I find all the Shifters standing at the ready but clearly not moving. In the centre of the living room is another female Shifter who looks a lot like me and a tall woman with red hair hanging long down her back. But my eyes are instantly drawn to the small blonde child. Kiara! I instinctively step forward then freeze when the redhead’s eyes dart to me.) 
She looks oddly familiar. 
“You!” She snarls out the word. She is holding up a hand with a glowing blue flame directed towards the Shifter woman. Even I know enough about magic to identify Witches fire. One of the most common offensive spells out there. Usually a Witch is only powerful enough to use it one time, but it’s fast and burns hot. It is also nearly impossible to put out without magic so if you get caught in it you can pretty much guarantee a painful death by burning. No wonder everyone is staying put. One move from the redhead Witch and that Shifter woman will die a painful death. Aaron pulls me backwards and behind him, physically shielding me with his body. I peer around him and despite my best efforts to focus on the threat, I keep staring at Kiara. She has backed up against a wall, her hands wrapped around herself. She looks so small and pale. I want to reassure her bart I know I have to wait, 
“No one move! Don’t come any closer or she dies!” The woman hisses out the words. Bellamy holds out his hands in a placating manner. 
“No one is moving. We don’t want to hurt you. Just let the woman and child go and we can figure this out peacefully.” He keeps his voice firm and calm, but I can see the fire in his eyes and I know that he is ready to shift in a second if needed. The woman laughs maniacally. 
“Peacefully! You want this to end PEACEFULLY? No one cared about being peaceful when you MURDERED my Tristain!” She screeches the words causing me to flinch. I suddenly remember where I’ve seen her before. That night with Bellamy when we stalked Tristain and saw him with his soul mate. It makes sense that she would be angry and hurt. His mother and his lover teaming up to get revenge. I can’t believe we didn’t think of her earlier. Probably because none of us have ever actually met her, we don’t even know her name. We were searching for it before, but then once Tristain was dead it kind of took á back burner. There were other issues to sort out. Bellamy takes a deep breath. and keeps his voice steady. 
“You are clearly trapped. There is no chance of you walking out of here. There’s no reason to make it difficult. What do you want?” He tries to be diplomatic, but I suspect it’s too late, the woman looks like she is well beyond reason. Her eyes are wild and she is breathing heavily as if she has been exerting herself. Her eyes focus on me and she glares. 
“Give me the Oracle girl and you can have these two. Two for one, it’s a good deal.” She demands. Oh shit. I should. 
1/2 
194- Fire and fanatic 
have guessed that she would want me, she’s been targeting me this whole time after all. I probably should have waited outside. Somehow I think my presence is just going to make this worse. 
“That will never happen.” Bellamy growls the words out, his voice low and his expression dark. 
“Then the Shifter–girl dies! And the child will be next!” The nickname of psycho really suits her right now. There is no way that she is in her right mind. 
“Hurting me won’t bring him back.” I comment softly. I don’t actually think it will help, she isn’t someone who can be talked down, she’s too far gone, she has already committed to her plan. She knows that there is no chance of her realistically getting out of here and regaining her freedom. There are too many Shifters for her to fight her way out and even if she did she would be on the run for the rest of her life. No even I can see that she is ready to give her life for her cause. For a chance to kill me she is willing to die herself. I don’t expect anything useful to come of talking to her. But at least if she is focussed on me, she isn’t aiming well at the Shifter woman and she isn’t looking at Kiara, We 
need her distracted, and I’m the best suited for the job. 
I stay behind Aaron, I suspect if I 
step in 
range she will attack me immediately, she doesn’t care about getting caught. She has no need for a hostage other than as a way to trade for me. She probably only has one shot with the Witches fire, so I doubt she will use it on Aaron or anyone else, not unless she knows for sure that I’ll be caught in it too or she 
is left with no other choice. 
“I KNOW it won’t bring him back. Nothing will bring him back, because you KILLED him!” She screams. Huh? 
“I didn’t kill him!” I . She laughs, flicking her bright hair back behind her shoulder. I can see that she is shaking in place. Her flaming hand unsteady. 
“You might not have been the one to strike him down, but you are the reason he is dead. No one would have suspected him, no one would have thought to question him if you were able to just KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT!” She screams. Well that’s just outright not true. Bellamy suspected there was something fishy with Tristan the whole time. That’s why he tracked me down in the first place. 
“Tristan planned to betray and murder my friends for power. What would you have had me do? All he had to do was stop fighting and he would still be alive!” I argue. I’swear the Witch is turning blue at this point. I can see the veins bulging in her forehead. She swivels towards me a little more and opens her mouth to argue, but before she can speak the Shifter woman who is being held hostage takes her chance. With no time to shift, she remains in her human form and leaps at the Witch. 
###Chapter 195
195- Smoke and smothering 
Look, I’m no fighter and the Shifters move way faster than I can even properly process in this stressful situation. I watched the Shifter woman leap towards the redhead (I have got to learn these people’s names!) and the next thing I know, both women are screaming and the living room is lit up with blue flames that are steadily growing. I watch as Shaun and Darrien leap at the Shifter woman and help her tear off her burning shirt. Bellamy takes the chance to shift and a few moments later his large black cat form is launching towards the Witch in an attempt to knock her down. He pulls back at the last second as flames light up in front of him, spreading and essentially splitting the room in half with us on one side and the Witch on the other. She’s completely trapped, both by us and the fire which is steadily going out of control. There is smoke in the air making it hard to see what’s going on and the smoke in the air is making it difficult to breathe. My throat is so dry and my lungs are struggling. I feel a tugging at my arm. I turn and see Aaron trying to get my attention. He is gesturing for me to follow him out of the room and away from the fire which hasn’t quite reached the door yet. He tugs my arm again but I pull away. I can’t just LEAVE. Not while Bellamy and all the others are still here. Plus there’s Kiara. Wait, where is Kiara? I can’t see her anywhere. She isn’t on this side of the fire… so she must be over with the Witch. But where? I can’t see her, not that I can see much of anything. Aaron persists on trying to get me to leave, taking my arm again and trying to pull me towards the door. I pull my arm away but this time he doesn’t let go. He’s decided I’m leaving and apparently he isn’t asking. This is stupid, I’m not leaving until everyone else does. I can see that Rio is helping the Shifter woman towards the exit now that she’s no longer in clothes that are on fire. Luckily they got her shirt off before it spread to her skin or hair. The others are standing around the edge of the fire trying to decide what to do. This is ridiculous! 
“Everyone, get out! The place is literally burning down around us. Don’t just stand there, leave!” I demand. All the Shifters except Bellamy freeze in place for half a second, then start towards the exit, following my orders. Megan and Darrien hesitate but when I meet Megan’s gaze and shake my head, she leaves too. Darrien of course follows her. Aaron is frozen in place beside me, still holding my arm. His body is angled towards the door like he wants to leave but is fighting the impulse. 
“Aaron.” he meets my eyes and for about five seconds he holds my gaze. He looks kind of pissed off which is unusual for him, he doesn’t usually emote that much. His eyes drop and at the same time he releases my arm, although he doesn’t seem like he intended to. Then without a word he turns and walks out of the room. 
Bellamy is still in Shifter form and he comes over and bumps his shoulder against my hip. He wants me to leave too. 
“We need to find Kiara. Then we can leave.” I argue. He lets out a huff that doesn’t sound impressed but he doesn’t push the issue. I try to look through the flames to find her. 
“KIARA!” I yell, hoping she will respond so that I can find her. Klisten but I can’t hear her. There is a sudden burst and the flames spread further, blocking the doorway, the only remaining exit. If Bellamy was anxious before he looks downright petrified now. He is circling the small amount of space we have left, trying to find a way for us to escape. I’m not so optimistic. It’s a waste of time. There is no way out and we can’t go through the flames without dying. Witches fire is too deadly. Without magic to put it out, we’re completely screwed. I can feel tears running down my cheeks as my eyes sting from the smoke. I can barely breathe and I can feel my skin drying out from the heat as I get what feels like sunburn from the proximity. The Witch is watching us through the blue flames and she looks positively gleeful. She might be trapped, but so are we. Unless someone saves us, we’re dead. It looks like she’s going to get what she wants after all and she’s going to die to accomplish it. She doesn’t even seem bothered by her impending death. 
In a flash, Bellamy shifts back to his human form and wraps his arms around me. I hide my face against his chest, protecting it from the smoke as much as I can. 
“You should have left. Why didn’t you leave?” He says into my hair. His voice comes out angry but I can tell he’s just 
1/2 
195- Smoke and smothering 
desperate and scared. 
Would you have left?” I demand, coughing as I force the words out. He doesn’t respond. Just clutches me tighter. I can hear Megan outside, screaming for us to get out. I wish we could, but it’s too late. I hear screaming coming from the Witch, then all of a sudden the room is dark and quiet as all the fire just poofs out of existence. The room is burned up and everything is covered in smoke. I look up at Bellamy and I covering him all over. Actually I probably 
I see s 
look the same. I move away from Bellamy and tentatively look around the room. What happened? The Witch is collapsed on the floor and she isn’t moving. Bellamy approaches her cautiously, keeping me behind him. 
“She’s dead.” He confirms. I can hear the confusion in his voice. I share it, I have no idea what happened either. I mean, I guess her death ended the magical fire, but how did she die? She doesn’t look like she burned. She doesn’t look hurt at all except for a few claw marks I assume came from the Shifter woman. Megan and Darrien come storming in. They see the Witch lying dead on the floor and in an instant, Megan tackles me in a hug, nearly knocking me over. Just as quickly she releases me and launches herself at Bellamy to do the same. She backs off quickly though and makes a joke about him needing to put some pants on. It’s a testament to how bewildered I am that I honestly didn’t even notice. Someone approaches and hands him a towel that they must have snatched from a bathroom somewhere and he wraps it around his waist. I’m still reeling trying to work out what happened when I spot Kiara. She is hunkered down underneath a tiny coffee table that somehow avoided the flames. She is shaking and hiding her head in her knees with her arms wrapped around herself. I can hear her sobbing and choking. 
###Chapter 196
Strings of Fate 
196- Rescue and retreat 
Darrien is the closest to her and he sees her at the same time I do. He takes a step towards her and she whimpers in fear. He freezes and backs away slowly, trying not to startle her. I gesture for everyone else to stay back and take a few steps closer. I stop a good metre away from the little table and then slowly lower myself to the floor. Kneeling down so that I can see her properly. Kiara is covered in soot and I can see little trails of tears smudging around on her face. She is still crying and whimpering. I am careful to keep my voice gentle and calm. 
“Kiara?” I call her name. She doesn’t answer or look up, but her whimpering quiets a little and I can see her tensing up like she’s listening carefully. 
“Kiara sweetheart. You’re safe now. You can come out. We can get some something to eat, you can have a nice bath and some clean clothes. How does that sound?” I try to sound soothing. Her crying stops and she looks up at me with wide, teary, red–rimmed eyes. She doesn’t speak, but she does meet my eyes. I keep going. 
“You know what else sounds really nice? A warm blanket and a hot chocolate. I bet we can find some of those little. marshmallows somewhere too. Do you like hot chocolates?” I prompt, Kiara gives a tiny nod, so small that I can barely 
see it. 
“Me too. I don’t know if you remember my name, but I’m Ryann. I’ve been looking everywhere for you. We’re friends, remember?” I tell her gently. She gives another nod, stronger this time. I hold out a hand to her. 
“Would you like to get out of here sweetheart? You can come home with me and we can get you cleaned up. We have 
this 
super nice bathtub, I bet you’ll love it.” She doesn’t move right away and I stay still, holding my hand out to her. I don’t want to rush her. She’s been through a lot. She’s had no control over her life for weeks now, I won’t force her to move. I can stay here all night if I need to. Luckily, that doesn’t seem to be necessary. She slowly inches out of her hiding place. She hesitate 
a second and looks at my face. I try to give her a reassuring smile. In a second, she launches herself at me and clings to my hand with both of hers. So tight that it’s painful, but there is no way I’m going to complain. I start to get to my feet and pull her up to hers–But she sways and her knees buckle a little. I don’t know if it’s due to her physical condition being so poor from her captivity or because she’s scared and in shock. She tumbles towards me and I hold her securely. She releases my hand only to wrap her arms tight around my waist while she hides her face against my stomach. Despite the recent fire, she is freezing and shaking. 
“I can carry her.” Bellamy offers. Kiara instantly whimpers again and presses her face into me. I stroke a hand through her knotted hair as carefully as I can. 
“Shh, it’s o 
to her. 
okay. This is Bellamy. He’s been working really hard to help me find you.” I explain. I lean down and whisper 
“He’s also my boyfriend. I promise he is super nice.” I assure her. This seems to be enough to convince her to turn her head just enough to peek out at him with one eye. 
“Hello Kiara. I am really glad to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you. Ryann told me that you are a very brave little girl. It is really smokey in here still. You don’t have to go anywhere you don’t want to go, but would you like to come outside with us to get some fresh air? It might make it a bit easier to breathe.” He suggests. Kiara looks up at me and I nod encouragingly. She gives a small nod of agreement. 
“Okay, Kiara I’m just going to let you know that there are more people out there. The other Shifters who came with me to rescue you. They are all good friends and you are safe, but if you want I can ask them to give us a bit of space. Would you like that?” I offer. Kiara nods again. 
1/2 
196- Rescue and retreat 
“Good girl. Would you like Bellamy to carry you for a bit? I promise I will be here the whole time. You can even hold my hand.” 1 offer. Kiara looks very hesitant and I can see fear in her eyes. She bites her lip and stares at the floor for a second before nodding again. Bellamy checks that the towel on his waist is secure, then slowly steps forward. Kiara swaps back to clutching my hand instead of 
my waist. 
“Okay. I am going to put a hand behind your back and one under your knees to pick you up, okay? You just let me of Ryann know if you need me to 
put you down.” He 
tells has 
as he slowly moves to pick her up. 
With Kiara safe in Bellamy’s arms, we turn to the door. Darrien and Megan are hovering near the doorway. I can see pain and sympathy in Megan’s eyes. I know she wants to g 
Kiara in a huge hug but she is restraining herself. 
“Kiara, this is Bellamy’s sister Megan and our friend Darrien. They’ve been helping us look for you. Kiara squeezes my hand tightly and tucks her chin into her chest, avoiding their eyes. I use my free hand to gesture for them to lead the 
way out. 
“Megan, can you please let the others know to give us a little space?” She nods and darts off to warn everyone. 
“Darrien, has someone gone to get the cars?” Bellamy asks, keeping his voice low and gentle to avoid spooking Kiara. Darrien speaks similarly. 
“Yes. Aaron, Rio and Shaun went for the cars. Shaun also called Alex to 
to update him and Alex called the police to keep them in the loop. They are sending someone to check things out here but we advised them that we would be moving the little lady back to your place as soon as reasonably possible so I think they’re going to meet us there. Alex is arranging it.” He assures him. Bellamy gives an approving nod. Kiara gives a dry, painful sounding cough. 
“Can someone contact Dr Dae and have her stop by too?” I ask with a pointed look at Kiara. 
“I’ll take care of it.” Darrien promises. 
“Thanks.” I tell him with a slight smile. 
I thought that everything would be okay when we found Kiara, but I’m still stressed out. Yes, it’s definitely better. But she is clearly not okay. She looks pale and unhealthy, not to mention she still isn’t talking. I add it to my mental to do list to make sure that Kiara is put in contact with a good psychologist or something. When she is ready to talk, she is going to need someone to talk to. Bellamy continues to gently narrate all his actions to Kiara as we make our way out of the building and into the dimly lit street. 
###Chapter 197
197- Leaving and leaning 
As we step outside, I’m confused to find that I actually have no idea where we are. I really was just running and following the tracking spell. I don’t know how far I ran. It’s a good thing the others are here to bring back the cars because I would be wandering all night trying to find my way back. I’m also fairly sure that I left my phone in the car when I jumped out in a hurry. Kiara clutches my hand tightly as the cars pull up on the street in front of us. 
“Megan, Darrien. You stay here and speak to the police when they arrive. Direct further questions to me. Shaun, you stay with them too.” Bellamy directs as Shaun hops out the car. At Megan’s insistence he stays a good couple of metres away from us. 
“Yes Alpha Kane.” He responds cheerfully. Aaron and Rio also climb out of the vehicles. Rio stops to chat with one of the other Shifters whose name I still don’t know. Aaron immediately approaches me. Actually a better way to phrase it is that he storms over. He looks almost angry. Or at least as angry as he ever looks. Is he avoiding looking at me straight on? Darn it. He IS upset with me. I guess he didn’t appreciate being ordered out of the room. But the place was on FIRE. There was no point in both of us being there. I expected him to march right up to me, but with a glance at Kiara he stops a fair distance away and then just stands there, ramrod straight back and arms crossed over his chest. Yeah… I’m going to have to do something about him. Megan and Shaun have moved on to comforting the Shifter woman who was being held hostage at the house. I call out to Megan. 
“Megs? Make sure she has somewhere safe to stay.” I remind her. Megan gives a casual wave as if she had already considered that. The Shifter woman sends a watery smile my way. She’s not had a great night and now half of her home is burned up. 
“Kiara? Can I sit you in the back seat of my car so I can get dressed? We can put the heater on for you?” Bellamy suggests gently. She turns to look at me and I nod. 
“I’ll come sit with you.” I promise. She nods her consent and Bellamy carefully lowers her into the back seat of the black car. She slides along the seat to ball herself up against the far side car door and I move with her placing myself in the middle seat. Kiara moves from against the car door and instead plasters herself to my side. Bellamy steps away and grabs something from the boot of the car, new clothes I assume. When he returns, he looks a little odd. His face and arms are absolutely filthy with ash and soot, but his blue shirt and black track pants are immaculately clean. They look very out of place. Ugh, we all need to get cleaned up. Every single one of us is a mess, although Kiara is definitely the worst. She looks like she hasn’t gotten to clean herself up since she was taken. She is still wearing her ratty old pyjamas. Bellamy doesn’t get into the car with us, instead he kneels down by the open car door. 
“Kiara? I promised we wouldn’t take you anywhere without your permission. Would you like to come back to where Ryann and I live? We can get you some food and a bath. We will probably have to have a quick talk with some police but we will try and get it over with as soon as possible. He promises. Kiara nods and Bellamy moves into the driver’s seat. I assume it will just be the three of us going since we’re still keeping the others away from Kiara which is why I’m shocked when Aaron climbs into the back seat beside me. Kiara whimpers and moves away from me and Aaron to press her back against the car door. 
“Hey, sweetheart, it’s okay. This is Aaron, he is my good friend and he also works as my personal bodyguard. It’s his job to keep me safe. He will help keep you safe too. I know he looks kind of big and scary but he’s really not. I trust him completely and totally so you can too.” I do my best to reassure her. She still seems nervous and doesn’t move from her place, but she does relax a little bit. Bellamy starts the car and we start towards home. 
The silence in the back seat is painful. Kiara is silent because she isn’t talking. Aaron is usually silent, but this is different to usual. Usually he responds non–verbally and I can see his attentiveness and interest. Right now it feels 
1/2 
197- Leaving and leaning 
more like he is pointedly ignoring me. 
“Aaron are you okay?” I ask. 
“Yes Miss Gale.” he responds coldly. Ouch, yeah he’s pissed. 
“You don’t seem okay. You seem kind of angry. Are you mad at me Aaron?” I demand. Without hesitation he responds. 
“Of course Miss Gale.” Darn, of course? Aaron really must be upset with me. Still, like Bellamy, i suspect that he is less angry and more concerned. Aaron really is a giant teddy bear after all. Bellamy glances back from the driver’s seat but I give him a smile to show him that I’m handling it. Aaron isn’t doing anything wrong, he’s allowed to be upset with me. 
“Are you angry because I made you leave? Or more accurately because I made you leave me behind?” I clarify. He gives 
a short nod. 
“Right, well would it help if I apologise?” I ask. Aaron turns his head towards me a little and narrows his eyes. Right… Well, I don’t know what that means, but he still deserves an apology. 
“Aaron, I am sorry that I ordered you to leave and made it impossible for you to do your job. I really do appreciate. everything you do for me and I will do my best to be more respectful of that in the future. Also I promise not to stay in a burning building without you again, next time you can totally stay with me. Forgive me?” I wink at him. Aaron considers my face then a small smile creeps across his own. He gives a slight nod. I bump his elbow with my own. 
“Thanks Aaron.“I tell him gratefully. 
Kiara coughs again which draws my attention back to her. I notice that Kiara has been watching my interactions with Aaron intently. She looks a little confused by it. I wink at her. 
“Aaron doesn’t talk much. But it’s fun to try and trick him into it. You should have a try sometime.” I joke. It was the right thing to say. Kiara straightens up and sits in the car seat beside me properly, no longer cowering away from Aaron. I squeeze her hand in encouragement and she gives me a small, weak smile. That smile does more for making me feel better than all the painkillers in the world. She is hurting and scared, but she can still smile. It’s going to be a long and difficult road to her recovery, but I know that she is going to be okay. 
Chapter Comments 
9 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 198
2/2 
Strings of Fate 
198- Stolen and sure 
When we pull up to the house, there’s a police car waiting. There are two cops standing by it, one looks bored and irritated and the other has a fake ‘customer service‘ type smile plastered on his face that I know well from experience. Yeah neither of these guys want to be here. They’re probably pissed that we made them come down here. Not to mention uncomfortable being in the Shifter compound. Non–Shifters aren’t invited here often, although I suppose that isn’t exactly true anymore with all our new friends stopping by regularly. Standing beside them looking awkward and uncomfortable is Alex. I bet they’ve been taking their impatience out on him. I narrow my eyes at them and prepare myself. One snotty comment and I am going to tear into them, it’s been a long night. Bellamy parks the car and I wait for him to get out. He speaks with the police briefly and Alex escorts them inside the house. Bellamy returns and opens the door next to Kiara. 
“Hey, can I help you get inside? The police want to talk to us a bit but we will make it as fast as we can, then you can have a nice bath and later our doctor friend promised to stop by to see if there is anything she can do to help you feel better. Does that sound okay?” Bellamy asks. Kiara scrunches up her face when he talks about speaking with the police, but nods along to the rest of the plan. She even lets go of me and holds her arms out to wrap them around Bellamy’s neck as he carries her. He meets my eyes over her shoulder and gives me a smile. This is progress, she trusts him too. I do my best to follow along, staying close by them and in her sight. Aaron gives me his arm and escorts me inside. We settle into the living room where Bellamy places Kiara on the middle of the biggest couch. He and I sit on either side of her. Aaron positions himself against a wall standing and looking intimidating. Apparently he’s taking his bodyguard role seriously right now. Kiara looks on approvingly though so I appreciate his efforts if they comfort her. Her small hand finds its way back into mine. Alex sits in one of the recliners. The two police choose not to stand and honestly it 
annoys me. Kiara is freaked out enough as it is, she doesn’t need them standing over her. 
“Please, take a seat.” I say pointedly. One of the cops opens his mouth as if he is going to argue but he makes the mistake of meeting my eyes. I glare at him and moments later he takes a seat, dragging his partner with him. I can’t help but smirk and Bellamy looks proud. Maybe I’m finally getting the hang of this being bossy thing. 
I watch on tiredly as Bellamy explains how we rescued Kiara and how we were looking for her due to my visions. He doesn’t mention Cam’s tracking spell since it isn’t exactly legal for her to make it and give it to us, or if it is legal then it’s definitely frowned upon. Annoyingly, the cops do notice the omission. 
“How is it that you were able to find her in the first place? We’ve been searching and haven’t had a single clue this whole time.” One of them complains. He seems almost annoyed that we found her. Okay, maybe not that she was found, but that WE found her. 
“Bellamy told you that I have been having visions of her, I used one to figure out a general area and then we basically searched until we found her.” I tell him. It’s not TECHNICALLY a lie. 
“Are you an Oracle or a Seer? Show us your k.” One of the men demands. Bellamy lets out a low growl, i appreciating his demanding tone. I reach a hand over Kiara and pat him on the knee prompting him to cool it and let me answer. He settles down, trusting me to take care of it. 
“I’m neither. My magic is more one of a kind. I’m technically considered a representative for Ananke, she’s kind of like one of the fates, but a little different. Still, my magic interacts and compliments the magic held by the representatives of the three fates, one of which is Kiara here. So when she was in trouble, I started having visions of her and that’s how I tracked her down.” I explain. Kiara is looking up at me curiously. It doesn’t seem like she knows much about her magic either. I’ll have to tell her more about it later, and put her in contact with the other two. I’m sure they will be relieved to see that she’s safe and sound. The police don’t seem thrilled with my answer, but our marks and magical registrations confirm it so there isn’t much they can say about it. That’s one bright side of rare, mostly unknown 
1/2 
198- Stolen and sure 
magic. No one can really tell you if you can or can’t do something. There’s so little information they have to kind of take your word for it. 
The second cop who has been fairly quiet so far flicks through a little notebook that he’s been taking notes in this 
whole time. 
“What about the Witch? They identified her as Jenna Warrens by the way, how did she die? Another officer called us from site to tell us about it while we were waiting for you and at a glance they said it didn’t look like a Shifter kill. What happened to her?” he asks slowly. 
“No idea, the place was burning with Witch fire, then suddenly it vanished and she was dead on the floor. I don’t think it was anything we did.” Bellamy answers grimly. The cops then turn their questioning on Kiara. She just nods or shakes her head. Sometimes she shrugs. When they ask questions that can’t be answered in this way she just stares at them until they rephrase the question. I know she’s staying silent because she’s traumatised, but it’s a very effective method for making people uncomfortable. I’ll have to remember that. When the police finally give up on getting any more useful information from Kiara, they stand to leave. 
“Well, come along child. Social services will be wanting to talk to you. Best get ready to go.” One of the men, the angry. one says firmly. Kiara instantly starts bawling tears. She quite literally crawls into my lap and clings tightly to me, nearly hysterical. The police seem confused and annoyed. 
“We would like to Keep Kiara here with us until we find her actual family. She is scared and trusts Ryann. There is plenty of space here and it would help her feel more comfortable. She clearly doesn’t want to go with you.” Bellamy points out to the police settling in beside me. His eyes clearly exhausted. 
“Look we get it, but there are rules you know. You can’t just keep a child because you picked her up on the street.” The policeman responds wearily. I open my mouth to answer but Alex stops and tells us that he’s taken care of it. Huh? 
Chapter Comments 
7 
POST COMMENT NOW 
( 
<SHARE 
2/2 
###Chapter 199
199- Clean and covered 
We all turn to face Alex in confusion. I glance up at Bellamy to see if he has any idea what’s going on but he looks just as lost as the rest of us. I continue to stroke Kiara’s hair trying to keep her calm. 
“Explain.” Bellamy says firmly. Alex flushes red under the attention of everyone in the room. 
“Uh, well. I assisted Miss Gale in updating her registration with the MRO, and uh, since her position is one of… well almost authority, over the fate’s representatives the updated registration reflects this. So she should be able to make decisions about Kiara’s care like an Alpha would for their Shifters or like a Coven leader would for their Witches. Admittedly it’s a very small group of Magics, but according to the Magic Registration Office, she is in charge of it.” He explains, his voice starts off weak but gets stronger as he becomes more confident in what he’s saying. The police seem a little stunned but I guess Alex isn’t technically wrong. If Kiara were a Shifter, her Alpha would be responsible for making sure she has a safe place to stay. I guess the only real issue is that she has another race too, although I still have no idea what it might be. What if whoever leads that race wants to take responsibility for her? My heart rate picks up as I stress over the possibilities. Bellamy speaks up and it’s like he’s reading my mind because he soothes my fears. 
“And in the case of Magics who fit into multiple groups, it is the choice of the individual which leader they choose to see to them. So really the choice of who cares for her should be up to Kiara.” He says firmly. Kiara perks up and hooks. her arms tightly around my neck. She turns her head just enough to look at the two men and glare at them.The elder of the two men sighs. 
“Okay, okay. I can see that she is where she wants to be. Just give me a minute to call the MRO and verify your information and we will get out of your hair. Just try to stay in town until we finish investigating. We might have a few more questions. Additionally, someone will likely stop by sometime this week to check on the girl’s progress.” He grumbles. The cop wanders off to make a phone call while his partner sits and waits with us. It’s super awkward and quiet. Eventually the man returns. He gives us a terse nod and without much more than a quick goodbye, the two policemen excuse themselves and leave. I sigh in relief and notice Bellamy’s shoulders dropping. 
“When did you update my registration? I meant to do that earlier but I completely forgot about it.” I ask Alex, a little confused. He shrugs. 
“Well… after that meeting when you asked me to look into it further I realised that it might be useful to give us some legal reason to be investigating Kiara’s kidnapping. I called the MRO to double check exactly what your registration. said about you. I didn’t actually think they would answer but they told me everything I wanted to know due to your recent registration change.” He says pointedly. I blush. Oh, he knows that Bellamy changed my registration. Actually, he’s known for a while. 
“Anyway, I mentioned that you had me doing further research into your Magic as the reason for wanting to know the registration details and the guy on the phone asked if I had any updates I could give. I figured having more legal connections to Kiara could only help so I told him. I apologise if that was overstepping, but I didn’t think it was a secret or anything.” He looks a little scared now so I rush to reassure him. 
“Not at all, it was very helpful. I meant to do it myself I just totally forgot. Thanks, you do amazing work, you know.” I compliment him. Alex smiles brightly. 
“Thankyou Alpha.” He answers. I freeze up at his words and Bellamy grins. I shoot him a dirty look, this is his fault anyway. He shrugs, damnit, he knows I’m not really that mad. Alex notices the look and mutters something that I miss. I glance at him and he repeats himself. 
1/2 
199- Clean and covered 
“Everyone knows it. Most of the Shifters call you that behind your back. We’re just waiting for you to make it official.” He admits. My jaw drops open and I don’t know what to say. So I decide to avoid it and move on, because that’s healthy… 
“Kiara, would you like to have a bath now? I’ll come give you a hand. I need a shower anyway.” I ask. She nods and Bellamy moves to pick her up again. He’s still way too smiley, the jerk. He carries Kiara upstairs to the main bathroom. While I get a bath running for her, Bellamy brings back clothes from our room. My pyjamas for me, and for Kiara he grabs a pair of comfy shorts I sometimes wear around the house which have a drawstring waist so we can tighten them on her, and a t–shirt. It will all look ridiculous on her probably. But it will be clean, and we can get something better for her when the shops open. I shoo Bellamy out to go take his own shower in the ensuite. 
I help Kiara undress and I lift her into the bath. She weighs almost nothing and I can see why. I could count her ribs. She has bruises all up her arms and torso and she looks pale and sickly. Her hair is matted with dirt and she is still coughing, although that might just be from the smoke. I settle Kiara into the bath then take a moment for myself. I quickly hop into the nearby shower and rinse off all the smoke and wash my hair. I do it as fast as I physically can, stealing Megan’s hair products because mine are in the ensuite. I probably take less than two minutes. I quickly towel off and dress, then return to help Kiara. I wouldn’t have bothered, but there’s no way I could get her clean when I leave black smokey fingerprints on everything I touch. Kiara is able to wash herself well enough, but her hair is a mess and she struggles with it. I spend the next hour carefully washing, conditioning and de–matting her hair. It’s a good thing that it’s only a little below her shoulders, I think if it were any longer I would have had to cut it. During this time, Kiara relaxes and Bellamy knocks on the door occasionally to check we’re alright. By the time the bath is over, Kiara is able to stand on her own two feet again, her muscles finally beginning to work again. She is shaky and can’t really walk without hanging off my elbow though. I offer to carry her again or get Bellamy to do so, but she seems determined to do it herself and I don’t stop her. I know she was walking before we saved her, how was she doing it then? I’m not willing to let Kiara brave the stairs just yet, so I take her to the bedroom and let her perch herself on the end of the bed. Bellamy isn’t here but he returns within a few seconds of us exiting the bathroom. 
“Megan and Darrien are back. Dr Dae is also here.” He says pointedly with a look at Kiara. 
“You’re looking cleaner, little miss.” he tells her. Kiara gives him a weak smile. 
“The doctor is here to see you, is that alright? She won’t do anything you don’t like. We just want to make sure you’re okay.” Bellamy tells her. Kiara looks VERY nervous. She squeezes my hand but nods her consent. 
Chapter Comments 
8 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 200
200- Healing and hunger 
Since Kiara probably isn’t up to braving the stairs and she really doesn’t want to be carried around everywhere, we decide to ask Dr Dae to come up to the bedroom. It’s actually kind of weird having so many people in here. Bellamy is a fairly private person, he doesn’t generally invite people to hang out in his… our room. Dr Dae shuffles in clutching her usual bag. I’m surprised that Bellamy isn’t carrying it for her because it looks kind of heavy, but I suspect that she wouldn’t hand it over anyway. I immediately greet her. 
“Thank you so much for your help. Your contact has become a great friend and she’s a huge part of the reason we were able to find Kiara here.” I nudge Kiara gently with my elbow and give her a little smile. She looks very small and delicate in the oversized, mismatched clothes with her hair dripping down her shoulders. She’s so pale that the bruises on her skin stand out and look even worse than they actually are. Dr Dae gives me a half nod of acknowledgement then turns to Bellamy. 
“Out. The young lady needs privacy.” She demands. Bellamy leaves immediately, although I think I might hear him grumble something about women kicking him out of his own room which makes me grin. 
Dr Dae is just as gruff as usual when she talks to Kiara. I kind of wish I had warned her to be gentle, but I’m not brave enough to risk offending the woman. 
“Well then girl, I’ll need to look you over which might be a bit uncomfortable and I will need to know details about what you are so that I can be aware of any other complications. I understand you have a second mark since you have multiple types of magic. Where is it then?” She asks firmly. Kiara looks up at me with pleading eyes. 
“She was talking earlier, but since we got her out she hasn’t said a word. I think she might be in shock or something.” I tell Dr Dae. Kiara squeezes my hand in thanks. The doctor grunts. I’m worried she’s going to try to pressure Kiara into speaking when she isn’t ready yet but I shouldn’t have concerned myself. She just shrugs. 
“Very well then. Point out where your other marking is.” Kiard points at a spot on her left hip. I didn’t really see it while I was helping her get clean as she was submerged in water most of the time. Dr Dae raises an eyebrow. 
“Interesting. You must be something rare for the MRO to put it in such a hidden location. Let’s have a look at it then.” She reaches out and Kiara flinches a little. Dr Dae pauses and waits for Kiara to meet her eyes. 
“You’re safe with me child. I just want to make you better.” She promises. Kiara relaxes so she must believe her. Dr Dae lowers the edge of the shorts Kiara is wearing and her eyes widen in surprise. 
“Oh, well it looks like you can take care of yourself anyway.” She remarks bluntly. I glance at the marking but I don’t recognise it. It’s a dark grey colour and looks like a really decorative X. I can see Kiara physically retreating into herself, curling her arms in around herself and lowering her head. Dr Dae just ignores her change in body language and continues her assessment. Clinical and efficient. The first time she touches Kiara’s arm the little girl’s head darts up in shock. She stares at Dr Dae who gives her a short nod. Kiara instantly relaxes and even smiles at the unfriendly doctor. I have no idea what happened but it seems like Dr Dae has managed to earn Kiara’s trust in the last twenty seconds. Interesting, she’s going to have to tell me her secret. I mean, Kiara seems to trust me already, but something significant just happened and I don’t want to step on a land mine later and mess things up. 
one o 
The rest of the check up doesn’t take too long. Dr Dae pulls out one of her secret not terribly legal potions that I now know come from Cam which actually makes me trust them way more. 
“Here girl, drink this. It should help with the pain in your chest and get that bruising to heal up a bit faster. It should 
1/2 
200- Healing and hunger. 
also help with those stiff muscles of yours. Now, I’m going to need you to have three good meals a day from now on and to try to walk around for at least half an hour a day until you’re back to normal alright.” She narrows her eyes at Kiarn who gives a determined nod. 
“As for your voice, I’m sure you’ll talk again when you’re ready. Don’t take too long though dear, I’m sure your guardian here would love to talk to you properly.” Then Dr Dae winks. SHE WINKS at Kiara and smiles. Well then, T guess she can be sweet when she wants to. The more I see her the more I like this woman. 
“Alright young lady, I’m just going to have a quick chat with the Alphas and then I’ll head off.” She tells her. I’m too busy frowning at her use of the plural for Alphas to notice Dr Dae staring at me pointedly. 
“Oh for goodness sakes girl. Get a move on.” She rolls her eyes at me and pokes me in the arm. I get to my feet, disentangle my hand from Kiara’s and follow Dr Dae to the doorway. I smile at Kiara as I step into the hallway to reassure her that I’ll be right back. I also make sure to position myself so that Kiara can still see me. Bellamy has been waiting on the other side of the door this whole time and he stands up straighter as we exit. 
“Well, that girl has clearly been through a lot. She is very underweight and malnourished. Her muscles have seized up from spending so much time stuck in one spot. I suspect she was only able to move so far to follow the Witch due to the magic leashing her to the woman’s side forcing her to follow.” She says “woman‘ like it’s a curse word and in this case, I have to agree. She continues her summary, 
“She is likely deficient in vitamin D from being stuck in the basement so long and I suspect she has the beginnings of a chest infection, although the smoke inhalation wouldn’t have helped with that either. The potion I gave her should help with most of that, it basically will jumpstart her immune system and healing. She will probably be extra hungry for a couple weeks. Make sure she has plenty to eat, meals at least three times a day and snacks in between probably.” She pauses and rummages around in her bag. 
“Here, drink this, both of you. Split it.” She order I’m already taking a sip of the greenish coloured potion before it occurs to me that maybe I should have asked what it was before drinking it. Still, I finish my half and hand it to Bellamy who also drinks it without question. 
“Good, that should help take care of the smoke inhalation. Do try to avoid getting yourselves killed in the future.” She grumbles in a way I am beginning to realise is her way of showing affection. 
“Now, as for the rest of it. I can explain how the Witch died. How the bitches victims were killed too actually. The girl 
did it.” 
###Chapter 201
201–Touch and trust 
I cross my arms in irritation. 
“Kiara would never! How would she even do that? She’s just a kid!” I . Dr Dae rolls her 
eyes at me. 
“Oh calm yourself girl. I’m not saying she chose to murder anyone. I assume that she was forced to comply somehow. You’ll have to ask the girl when she’s ready to talk. As for the how, the child is a Reaper.” She says it as if it’s obvious but it really isn’t. I know that Reapers. exist, but they’re the kind of Magic that most people have heard of but no one has ever met. I suppose Kiara’s dad must have been a Reaper too and why the MRO was so secretive about her markings. Most people are kind of scared of Reapers, they’re kind of the boogeymen of our society. Mostly because they can kill on a whim. All it takes is one touch and they can free your soul from your body. Obviously with no soul you die, and I guess your soul moves on to wherever souls go when you pass on. I suppose that a Reaper would make sense for the representative of Atropos. Her additional abilities are meant to be related to how people die, although only Kiara can answer what exactly those abilities are. I’ve been so focussed on the 
how, that I haven’t stopped to process what this means. Kiara was the one who killed the 
Witch and all the others too. The poor thing! I already knew that her magic was somehow being involved in the murders, but I didn’t think she was the one who was actually doing the 
killing No wonder the girl is traumatised. I wouldn’t want to talk to anyone either. I resolve to be as reassuring and supportive as I possibly can. This girl needs to feel safe and loved and I am going to make sure that she gets that. I’ll find her family and make sure she is settled if it’s the last thing that I do. Bellamy looks like he’s been punched in the gut. 
“My Shifters…” He trails off and Dr Dae glares at him. 
“You wouldn’t be blaming the girl now would you Alpha, because we all know that the child 
can’t be held responsible for what those monsters made her do. Besides, it should be a comfort to know exactly how they died. It would have been quick and completely painless. Faster than falling asleep.” She promises him. Bellamy sighs and without a word grabs me and pulls me into a hug and drops his head onto my shoulder. He squeezes me tightly for a second before letting me go when Dr Dae clears her throat. 
“Well, I’ll leave you all to it. Take care of the girl, feed her and for heaven’s sake get her some proper clothes. I’ll come check on her again later this week. Call me immediately if her 
1/4 
201–Touch and trust 
condition takes a turn for the worse.” She orders us before turning and heading downstairs, not waiting for anyone to walk her out. 
I head back into Kiara who is sitting on the bed looking kind of lost. She looks increasingly anxious and her eyes focus on Bellamy standing in the doorway behind me. 
“So, You’re a Reaper huh?” I ask. Kiara looks like she might be sick so I hurry to reassure her. 
“That’s pretty cool.” I comment and collapse onto the mattress beside her. I hook my arm through her elbow and lean into her. Somehow we both end up collapsing backwards with her curling up 
into my side. I feel the tension draining out of her. She seems far less anxious with me beside her. Suddenly her interaction with Dr Dae makes sense. Reapers can kill with a touch and people are scared of them for that reason. I bet Kiara was worried that I would want to keep my distance now that I know. But that’s just silly. There are plenty of things that could kill me, a Shifter, a Human, hell a particularly motivated duck could probably take me out if it really wanted to. Bellamy must have come to the same conclusion because he comes to sit beside us on the bed. 
plate. 
“The doctor wants you to have some good meals so I’m going to go make us a late dinner, or maybe an early breakfast at this point. You ladies get comfortable and I’ll bring you both a plate in bed.” He promises. Then without hesitation, he reaches out and gently strokes a hand over her head and through her hair earning him a small smile. She’s probably been touch starved for weeks. Cheryl and Jenna would have been keeping their distance to avoid exactly the death that Jenna ended up with. She must have been warding or something to keep Kiara away from her. I’m not sure exactly why that changed. Maybe in the heat of the fight, or the literal heat from the fire she dropped her spell? Or just got so worn out she couldn’t maintain it anymore. I’ll have to ask Cam more about it. Oh, I should definitely message Cam and let her know that we found Kiara. 
Kiara and I adjust ourselves so that I am in my usual spot and Kiara is in the middle of the bed. We get comfortable under the blankets and I give Kiara free reign over the remote control and TV. She picks a cartoon channel that If I’m totally honest, I watch fairly regularly myself. She seems content and kind of sleepy. I take the chance to grab my phone and send out some updates. First to Cam. 
Ryann- We did it, the spell worked. We found her. She’s safe and is going to be okay, physically at least. Thank you so much for your help. It really did make all the difference. It don’t know what we would have done without you. If you ever need anything and I can help 
2/4 
201- Touch and trust 
please don’t hesitate to ask. I totally owe you. 
Cam- Don’t be silly, you don’t owe me anything. I’m so glad she’s safe. I’m sure that with you there to take care of her she will pull through. Kids are resilient like that. I would love to meet her sometime when she’s ready. I think it would be reassuring to see her for myself. 
Ryann- I completely understand. I would feel the same. I’ll let you know when she’s up for guests, or maybe I’ll bring her by the Witches Booze for dinner some night. She’s staying with us until we figure out something long–term for her. 
Cam- I can’t think of a better place for her. Thanks for updating me and congratulations. 
Next I message the group chat. 
COCK TALES 
Ryann- Most of you were there tonight and Amber I’m sure you already know, but we found Kiara and she is safe. She’s been through a lot but at least now she can work on getting better. Thank you all for your help. I couldn’t ask for better friends. 
Bellamy- I’ll second that. Thank you everyone. 
Megan- Aww honey, you 
know you don’t have to thank us. 
Darrien- We wanted to help her too, 
Amber- I KNEW IT WOULD BE TONIGHT I JUST KNEW IT! Tell Kiara she can come into 
Borderline for a free lunch on me anytime. 
Harry- You did it Ry! I knew you could. Did you use Cam’s spell? Does that mean that I helped too? 
Ryann- Yes Harry we used the spell and you always help, if only because it’s nearly impossible 
to be miserable and too serious around you. 
Harry- I can work with that. 
3/4 
201–Touch and trust 
Aaron- Take care of her. 
Like he needed to tell me that. Of course I’m going to take care of her. Right now she’s half curled up on my lap, her eyes are falling closed, I doubt she’s really watching the TV. Bellamy eventually returns with two plates heaped with pancakes, bacon and eggs. I’m surprised that I manage to finish my meal and even more surprised when Kiara finishes hers and nods her acceptance when Bellamy offers more. Woah, that potion is definitely kicking her metabolism into high gear. Cool. Don’t tell the masses or they’ll start marketing it for weight loss or something. We all eat until we feel sick while watching cartoons and honestly, it’s the most relaxed I’ve felt in a very long time. 
###Chapter 202
Strings of Fate 
202- Calories and clothing 
I wake up late in the morning, it might even be early afternoon. I wriggle around a little. which prompts Bellamy to do the same, he is apparently already awake. He raises a finger to his lips to shush me before I speak and I can see why. Kiara is still sleeping, lying in the bed between us. She is still loosely holding onto my arm, even in sleep. I slowly disentangle myself from her light grip and slide out of bed. Bellamy follows, clearly doing his best not to jostle her and wake her up. She definitely needs the sleep. She was restless for a good part of the night and almost definitely was having nightmares, but she seems like she’s sleeping soundly now. My own sleep was blissfully quiet. No visions or anything thank goodness. I’m looking forward to having several weeks of steady sleep and so help me if anything tragic or dramatic happens for the next few weeks then whoever is responsible should probably be terrified of me. We step into the hallway to talk without disturbing Kiara. 
“We should probably set up one of the guest rooms for her.” Bellamy comments thoughtfully. I nod my agreement. 
“Yeah, and we need to get her some clothes.” I hesitate before adding, 
“I thought maybe Kiara and I could go this afternoon when she’s up? We’ll take Aaron obviously.” I’m not sure why this is coming out as a question. We’ve caught the killers, it 
should be totally safe for us to go out again. Okay, I guess I don’t want Bellamy’s permission exactly, I don’t need it. But I would like his approval. I can practically see the thoughts passing through his head as he considers. 
“Yes, I think that would be a good idea. Maybe see if Megan wants to go too? You’ve both been cooped up for way too long. It’ll be good for you to get out. Get the kid some clothes. and maybe a few other things, comfort items, toiletries, books? I don’t know, whatever it is that make girls her age feel at home. Whatever it is that she likes. Get her some snacks and junk food too, she could use the extra calories. I’m going to talk to Alex about looking into her family situation. Her parents passed, but she might have some extended family out there somewhere.” He reasons. I nod, I know that finding her family would be ideal for her, but I don’t think I’m ready to say goodbye yet. Then again, I doubt it will happen immediately and in the meantime I will spoil that girl to the best of my ability. I’m thrilled that Bellamy is agreeing to my plan to go out. He seems far more relaxed with the threat against me taken care of but I suspect it will take him a while to lower his guard a bit and settle down completely. Still he’s being more than reasonable. I find I am ridiculously excited to go 
1/4 
202- Calories and clothing 
shopping. I grin at him and without warning, throw my arms around his neck in a hug. Bellamy laughs and hugs me back. When I pull away he immediately pulls me back again to kiss me. He kisses me until I start to feel dizzy. 
“I’ll get that guest room set up today. I like Kiara, but I definitely want to be alone with you.” He whispers, causing me to flush bright red. I retreat back into the bedroom to grab my clothes and change in the ensuite. Kiara is just starting to stir when I exit. 
She bolts upright in alarm, her eyes wide and searching the room frantically. I immediately 
rush to her side. 
“Shh, it’s alright. You’re alright.” I reassure her. She clings to me and after a minute or so her breathing begins to steady out again. 
“Another bad dream?” I ask and she nods, hiding her face against my chest. 
“Poor thing. You look better today at least.” I comment. It’s not a lie. She still looks way too 
thin, but she isn’t nearly as pale and a lot of her bruising has begun to fade overnight. That 
potion is no joke. 
“How does your chest feel? Are you still coughing?” I prompt. Kiara tilts her head to the side adorably while she thinks. She ends up holding up a hand and tilting it to the side in a ‘so–so‘ type motion. Okay, so some improvement there too then. 
“Do you feel well enough to go out today? I thought we might go shopping and get you some nice things to wear. But it will depend on if you’re ready to go walking around.” I tell her. Kiara looks eager and immediately launches herself out of the bed. She does it so enthusiastically that she catches her foot on a blanket and tumbles out head first and lands in a heap on the floor. I’m worried for a half a second until she pushes herself back up again and shakily gets back to her feet. 
“Can you walk?” I ask. Kiara takes a few tentative steps then beams at me happily at her success. A second later she folds forward. The movement is so sudden that I think she’s fallen again, but no, she’s actually just bent over and is touching her toes. She seems thrilled to be able to move around so easily. I make a mental note to thank Dr Dae again, and Cam. Seriously, between the two of them I suspect there isn’t much they couldn’t do. 
2/4 
202- Calories and clothing 
Kiara and I work together to rummage through the closet looking for something presentable enough for her to wear out of the house while we get her proper clothes. We settle on a tshirt dress that Bellamy must have added to my things on our last shopping expedition that I haven’t worn yet. It’s big on her, but she doesn’t look too silly and it keeps her covered. I use an old belt from another dress and tie it around her waist to hold it in place a little better. She leaves the shorts on underneath since we haven’t gotten her any underwear yet and we don’t want to risk her flashing anyone. They look a little bulky under the fabric of the dress, but she doesn’t look too silly. We agree on her wearing a pair of slip on shoes that I have. They’re too big on her, but she can walk in them okay and we can prioritise getting shoes when we’re out. I carry the shoes in my left hand while Kiara holds onto my right as we head downstairs. I drop the shoes off in the 
hallway for her to put on when we’re ready to go. But first, she needs to eat and I can smell something good coming from the kitchen. I can also hear voices talking. Kiara seems nervous as we enter but doesn’t resist as I tug her along. Megan is in the kitchen pulling 
Darrien is getting juice out of the fridge out of the oven while Bellamy sets the table. 
and fetching glasses. 
“Morning sleepyheads.” Megan greets us brightly. I get Kiara settled at the table and in moments Megan is placing some freshly made savoury breakfast muffins on a plate in front of her. Kiara looks ravenous and immediately digs in. We’re all eating when Aaron arrives. Bellamy lets him in and at my prompting, he joins us at the table for what is essentially brunch. The meal is laid back and everyone is chatting happily. Well, except for Kiara who is still quiet. I do catch her making a silly face at Aaron though whose face is twitching as he tries not to react. Hahaha nice, she wants to try to break him too. I’m glad she doesn’t seem afraid of him anymore. During a lull in the conversation I notice that Darrien seems a little down. I’m about to ask what he could possibly be unhappy about when he unintentionally answers the question himself. 
“| 
suppose since the danger has passed I should probably look at moving back to my old place.” He seems resigned, but not happy. I can understand why. He wants to be near Megan. If he’s anything like Bellamy he probably sleeps better when she’s nearby, even if that only means in the same house. I check Megan’s reaction and she’s frowning like it hadn’t occurred to her that he would have to leave. A glance at Bellamy shows that he has likely made all the same observations that I have. He makes eye contact and I raise an eyebrow in a silent question. He nods and gestures for me to take care of it. I think carefully about what I am going to say. 
###Chapter 203
Strings of Fate 
203- Beads and bonding 
“Well, I think that it might actually be nice having an extra person around the house. Extra security and company. Besides, you spend most of your time here anyway. Might as well save you the commute. That is, as long as no one else has any ion?” I say pointedly looking at Megan. Sure, Bellamy could but I already know that he won’t. Megan briefly makes eye contact with me, gives a slight nod, then finds something to stare at on the ceiling. She is clearly trying to look like she doesn’t care but she is blushing bright red. True to form, Darrien is watching her closely trying to work out how she really feels about my suggestion. Realising that she isn’t going to provide any input, he decides to push it a little. 
“Megan? I would like to hear your opinion. I am still courting you and I don’t want to screw anything up by making a decision like this without your input.” Darrien says clearly. His voice is mostly calm with just the slightest hint of anxiety as he monitors her reaction. Megan reluctantly turns to face him. She is bright red all over and looks awkwardly towards Bellamy and I, although mostly Bellamy. I think she feels weird having discussions like this in front of her brother, which I guess is fair. 
“Well… I suppose I wouldn’t mind having you around more. It would save time if you didn’t have to come and go so much. It is logically a good idea.” She hedges. Darrien presses on. 
“So you want me to stay?” He repeats. Megan lets out an exasperated sigh. 
“Yes, I want you to stay.” She grumbles out. Darrien beams his delight. 
“Then that’s what I’ll do.” He digs back into his breakfast with renewed vigour. 
During this conversation, Kiara and Aaron have both been eating and have finished their meals. It seems like they spent the last few minutes just exchanging mocking and silly faces. Aaron is surprisingly good with children it seems. For how serious he pretends to be with. adults, he breaks that facade with Kiara and it’s adorable. Kiara tugs on my sleeve to get my attention and tilts her head in a way that I interpret to mean she wants to know how long we’re going to sit here and when she gets to go shopping. I can’t help but smile. She’s been through a lot, but it seems like she’s doing her best to push through. I doubt she is feeling as cheerful as she is acting, and she still isn’t speaking which in itself, speaks volumes. It probably doesn’t help that she’s in a temporary situation with a house full of strangers. As much as I am reluctant to let her leave, it would probably be easier for her to be settled in a 
1/4 
203- Beads and bonding 
more permanent living situation where she can go to school and make friends and get 
comfortable with the situation. Still, in the meantime I can do my best to make things better for her and show her that she still has people who care about her. 
“So, Megan. Kiara and I are planning to go and do some clothes shopping today. Did you want t-” I don’t manage to finish the sentence before Megan eagerly interrupts. She is bouncing in 
her seat with excitement. 
“I’m coming! I’m coming!” She squeals out the words. Yeah she has definitely been cooped up for too long. She pauses long enough to check with Kiara though which I appreciate. 
“Kiara, you don’t mind if I come too do you? I love shopping, it’ll be a lot of fun. Promise!” Megan gives what I can only describe as wide kitten eyes. Kiara gives her a serious nod. Megan grins happily and pushes her chair back with a harsh scratching noise on the floor. 
“I’m gonna go get my stuff then we can go, you’re ready right Darrien?” She asks as she is already heading for the stairs. Darrien laughs. 
“I’m always ready for anything that makes you this happy.” He says cheesily. Kiara fakes a gag 
and Aaron winks at her. I laugh. 
“That was pretty corny.” I agree with her. Bellamy slings an arm over my shoulder. 
“Maybe I should work on my lines.” He jokes and I narrow my eyes. 
“Don’t you dare. I can barely keep from running away when we’re both being awkward. You’re not allowed to be smooth or corny.” I insist and Bellamy bursts out laughing. Even Aaron is smirking at me and Kiara is letting out a high pitched giggle that might be one of the sweetest sounds I have ever heard. I can hear Megan coming back down the stairs ready to go if the stomping of her shoes is anything to judge by. Kiara hops up and slips on the very oversized shoes I got out for her earlier and Bellamy chases us out of the house, promising to take care of the dishes himself and ordering us all to get ourselves some nice things. Before he closes the door he presses a credit card into my hand. I drop it into my handbag but I don’t really intend to use it. I still have a bit of money on my own card since I haven’t actually had to pay for anything myself in weeks. Bellamy must anticipate my reluctance though because when I’m in the back of the car with Megan and Kiara (We decided to let Darrien take the front since he is much bigger than any of us) my phone goes off. 
2/4 
203- Beads and bonding 
Bellamy- The pin for the card is 1396 and I know you don’t want to use it but you’ve been earning your money just as much as I have. You helped us catch a Shifter who was committing murders and kidnapping, that alone is worth whatever you might spend on something nice for yourself. But you also help with the Alpha stuff, you do more than you know. If you really feel guilty about it you can always spend the evening answering however many emails and messages you need to answer to make yourself feel better. I suspect that once we sort things out for the Shifter woman who messaged you that plenty more will do the same. Enjoy this free time you have now and I’ll see you later this afternoon. I love you. 
Ryann- That was a very long and roundabout way of saying you really want me to spend money on clothes. 
Bellamy- Eh, we’ve been over this. It’s a courting thing. I like spending money on you, and this doesn’t even count because it’s basically your money even if my name is on the card. I could transfer the money into your bank account if you prefer? 
Ryann- It’s fine. I’ll use your card. Just don’t expect me to make this a regular thing. 
Ryann- And I love you too… 
Bellamy- have a great day 
Our first stop is just a basic department store and we get Kiara some shoes that she can 
actually walk in properly. I pay for them immediately before we head back in and continue our shopping. Usually I’m the one being conservative and careful with money while Megan or Bellamy are generous. But for once, I am happy to go a little crazy. I kind of see why Bellamy likes spoiling me, buying stuff for Kiara is kind of fun. It makes it hard to worry about the cost like I usually do. We get all sorts of things and Kiara seems a little overwhelmed. I know she probably has some of this stuff at her home, but I don’t think it’s a good idea to go back there just yet. She can go there when she’s ready. We even stop at a hairdresser and Kiara gets her hair trimmed back to her shoulders like she had it in all of her pictures. It had grown. out a little over the last few weeks. It looks much nicer and healthier with the ends trimmed away and I can see the confidence that it gives her. As a final stop, final because we can’t carry anymore stuff (and that’s with Aaron and Darrien helping) and because Kiara looks exhausted, we go to an accessories and jewellery store and Megan prompts Kiara to point out what kinds of things she likes. Kiara responds by tugging my arm until I bend down and pointing at the very colourful necklace that Logan made me. 
3/4
203- Beads and bonding 
“Oh, well I didn’t buy this one. It was a gift from a friend. But maybe he can make you one or we could make one together sometime.” I suggest. Kiara nods eagerly and our last stop becomes the second to last stop because I need beads and stuff to make a necklace. 
###Chapter 204
Strings of Fate 
204- Adapt and adjust 
The next few days pass almost too quickly. Bellamy and I have our meeting with Sara and her father. He was a little curious as to why I was there, but he didn’t say anything. He wasn’t pleased, but he did agree to back off of Sara a little bit and seemed to appreciate the added security that we are arranging for the university students. On the drive home, Bellamy is grumbling about it. 
“He was barely polite to you.” He complains. I roll my eyes. 
“He was polite enough, how polite should he be to a stranger in his house telling him how to parent his child?” I point out Bellamy shakes his head. 
“You’re his Alpha, my mate, he should know better.” He continued to scowl. 
not like he knows that. We haven’t actually told everyone.” I remind him gently. Now it’s his turn to roll his eyes. 
“Of course he knows. It’s the worst kept secret around, remember? He’s just the traditional. type. Isn’t sure how he feels about having a non–Shifter as an Alpha. He’ll get over it.” He says firmly. I frown, this is part of what I was worried about. 
“If that is his problem, well… he has a point. I’m not a Shifter.” I point out. Bellamy growls his displeasure. 
“That doesn’t matter. Fate chose you and I chose you. Besides, you were the one who said we cut ourselves off from non- Shifters too much. What better way to change that than having a non–Shifter as an Alpha?” He says smugly. Oh he has definitely thought about his arguments for this before. He was anticipating this conversation. 
“It’s still going to cause problems for you if there are many old traditional Shifters like him.” I point out. Bellamy pulls up to the house and parks. He turns to me and winks at me.. 
“I think you mean problems for US. And there aren’t that many, most of the really traditional types are old men, worst case scenario we can just outlive them.” He jokes. I smack him in the 
arm. 
1/4 
204- Adapt and adjust 
“Bellamy!” I , but I’m laughing so he knows I’m not really mad. He grins but then sobers up a little. 
“It will be fine love. I promise. You’ve already won over the younger generation, the women, honestly you’ve won over everyone whose opinion will matter. I’ve been thinking about it, and maybe there is a bright side to how slow we’ve been taking things. By the time we make any kind of announcement everyone will be so used to you and the pack will depend on you so much that they will have no choice but to accept you.” Bellamy gives a cheeky grin. Yes, he’s DEFINITELY been thinking about this lately. I suspect because he really wants to make that announcement. The thing is, as more time passes the less reasons I can think of not to. I DO love him. Is there really any point delaying things any longer? Still, something is still holding me back so I don’t tell him what I’m thinking. Bellamy draws me from my thoughts with a gentle kiss which quickly escalates until we’re both breathless. He pulls away first with aeroan. 
“We should head inside.” He grumbles, his forehead pressed against mine. I nod against him. 
“Yes, Kiara will be waiting.” I agree. 
As soon as we get inside, Kiara launches herself at me. It’s only been a few days but she looks much better. Her hair looks healthy and shiny now that it’s clean and trimmed. She still looks thin, but the potion has taken care of the bruising and she no longer struggles to move around. What hasn’t changed is how attached she is to me. We managed to convince her to sleep in one of the guest rooms, but I’ve been staying with her until she falls asleep and first thing in the morning she is practically attached to my side. She wasn’t happy about being left behind. Actually she started crying and only stopped when Aaron turned up and offered to stay with her. By offered, I mean he took her hand and led her to the living room, pulled her into his side in a half hug and put on a movie. Other than Bellamy and I, she seems most comfortable with him. She likes Megan well enough, but she is nervous around here. I think because she is a female Shifter like Cheryl. Kiara understands enough not to judge or reject Megan because of that, but I can see that it makes her a little uncomfortable. To be honest, I think Megan is a little awkward around her too. I know she feels guilty. She thinks that it was because of her screwed up relationship with Tristain that his mother and mate went insane and killed Kiara’s parents. I’ve pointed out that it is not a normal reaction and that they were clearly insane. They probably would have hurt someone eventually no matter what. Megan agrees verbally but I can tell that she doesn’t totally believe it. It might not be a problem for too much longer though, Alex is coming by tomorrow afternoon to talk to us about Kiara’s relatives. Apparently he has found someone but he wants to talk to us about it. I’m a little 
2/4 
204- Adapt and adjust 
nervous. I know that she should go to her family, but what if they live really far away? I can’t 
imagine not seeing her anymore. Not to mention, Kiara still isn’t speaking. I just don’t feel right sending her away when she isn’t ready to speak up for herself yet. She has improved a lot, she smiles a lot more and she adores the jewellery making stuff I got her. She is currently wearing at least five bracelets and two necklaces that she made herself. Actually, I think one of them is one that I made, and while I can’t prove it, I think one of the bracelets was made by Aaron. He definitely has a soft spot for her. I just knew that he is a big softie. I really want to know who he is fated to, but I haven’t seen any red thread coming from him. The good news is that he spends a lot of time with me as his guard, so it’s very likely that I’ll be around when he finds his person and I just can’t wait. 
“Hi munchkin.” I greet Kiara, hugging her back. 
“I told you we wouldn’t be out long didn’t I? And now you and I have lunch plans. Are you ready?” I ask. She nods eagerly. I have plans to go visit Maggie. I think Kiara will like her. I mean, everyone likes her. Plus she will feed us. I did text and warn her that Kiara is still 
eating more than the average adult would. She responded that she would take the chance to 
spend the morning making some special treats for her. Kiara has been looking forward to them since I told her yesterday. Aaron even deigned to speak out loud to complement Maggie’s baking which was enough to make Kiara stop and stare. 
“Go put your shoes on then.” I pat Kiara on the back and give her a little push. She dashes off 
get her shoes. Bellamy pulls me into a tight hug. 
to 
“Enjoy your lunch.” He kisses my head before releasing me. He isn’t coming this time. He has some work to get done but he insisted I take a break and go since I clearly miss Maggie. He isn’t wrong. Aaron is going to come with us and based on the gleam in his eyes he’s not disappointed. He likes Maggie’s baking as much as any of us do. When Kiara returns she grabs my hand and we head out to the car together, swinging our arms as we walk. Aaron hops into the driver’s seat and I sit in the back with Kiara. We’ve only been driving for a few minutes when I notice something strange that causes me to do a double take. There is a red thread coming from Kiara’s chest. 
###Chapter 205
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
205- Sweethearts and safeguarding 
My automatic reaction is to panic and to mentally scream NO ABSOLUTELY NOT! She is just a child. She is way too young to already find the person she is fated to be with, not to mention she has been through too much. What if he is immature or goes through a jerk phase as he grows up? Or worse, what if he is a lot older than her? Four or five years might not mean much when she’s an adult, but at her age that is a LOT. And who could it be? Is he going to be good enough? What if I don’t approve of him, what if he’s a bad influence. I’ve seen people with red threads who hated each other and were terrible for each other when they were young and as they matured became more right for one another. Is it too soon for them to meet? She’s just gone through an incredibly traumatic circumstance and she does NOT need some guy messing with her head right now. I take a deep breath and try to relax. I don’t know who it is, we might not even be meeting him right now. The thread just tells me that he’s sort of nearby. That could mean anything! There are people who end up together who pass by each other for years before they actually meet. Or they meet but don’t interact much or become close until much later. This is no reason to panic. I’ve seen tons of kids who have already met the person they’re fated to. Mostly they barely notice each other. Sometimes they’re childhood sweethearts, like the two Shifter kids I saw at Megan’s engagement party. Normally this wouldn’t bother me at all. I think I’m just feeling overprotective towards Kiara right now, There’s no need to see problems that aren’t there. I look up and realize that Aaron is watching me in the rearview mirror with a furrowed brow. I must look stressed. I give him. what is probably a poor excuse for a smile then pull out my phone to text Bellamy. 
Ryann- BELLAMY I CAN SEE KIARA’S RED THREAD AND I AM FREAKING OUT!!! 
Bellamy- What the hell! But she’s a kid! Who does it lead to?!? 
Ryann- I don’t know. We’re driving right now and I haven’t had a chance to follow it. I’m not 
sure I even want to. She’s so young. 
Bellamy- True. Maybe we should keep them separate. At least until we know who he is… She’s 
been through so much already. 
Ryann- Exactly! But… We can’t do that. I do my best not to interfere, remember? Plus we’re focussing on the negatives. It COULD be a good thing. 
Bellamy- How could it be good? 
1/4 
205- Sweethearts and safeguarding 
Ryann- Well… This is someone who will be a constant in her life, someone we can guarantee is not likely to be cruel or treat her really badly. Not to mention if they’re fated they probably ARE He might be someone who can support her. Maybe fate wants them to meet young BECAUSE she’s been through so much and could use the extra care and attention. It could be good for her to have a friend to comfort her while she recovers and works her way through 
the trauma. 
Bellamy- I suppose so…. 
Ryann- I’m not completely convinced either to be honest. But all we can do is wait and see how it goes. not our place to question this, even if we did get an early warning. 
It’s 
Bellamy- I get the feeling this is going to suck. Is it wrong for me to hate this guy when I 
haven’t even met him? 
Ryann- As her current guardian/ fill in parent, I am fairly sure it is part of your job description. 
Bellamy- Good point. At least she’s not a teenager, I’d be forced to greet him with a shotgun, or at least growl at the guy a bit. It’s the rules. 
Ryann–You bet. Note to self- Bellamy as a father is overprotective. Shocker that one ;) 
Bellamy- I have a reputation to maintain, and I’m not a father just yet but you just go ahead and let me know if or when you’re interested in changing that. ;) 
Yep okay, I’m bright red. Although he did manage to distract me from worrying about Kiara, I’m now imagining Bellamy with kids and all I can do is pull Kiara into a hug while I duck my face so that Aaron doesn’t notice. Not that he would actually SAY anything, but he definitely knows too much. I had better keep him close and hope I never piss him off. Aaron parks the car and I’m so caught up in my thoughts that I don’t even notice until Kiara tugs on my arm. gently and tilts her head curiously. 
‘Sorry sweetheart, I was distracted. Shall we head in?” A glance at her shows me that her red thread is still visible, so whoever it joins her to is still nearby. We both climb out of the cart and I do my best to keep my anxiety off my face. I’m halfway through my fourth deep calming breath when I realize that her red thread is leading right up to Maggie’s door. I find 
2/4 
205- Sweethearts and safeguarding 
myself starting to relax. I can only think of one person who might be in Maggie’s home that Kiara could be fated to, and if I’m right then we have absolutely nothing to worry about. Still, 
I don’t want to get too hopeful yet. Not until I’m sure. We reach the front door and it swings open before I can knock. Immediately I’m struck with the smell of sugar, cinnamon and the homey smell of baked goods. Mmmh I am so glad that I had a small breakfast. I have definitely been missing Maggie’s treats. Maggie pulls me into a tight hug. She pats Aaron on the arm affectionately in greeting to him and for Kiara she leans down towards her with a big 
smile. 
m50 
“Hello dear, my name is Maggie. I’m so pleased to meet you. Why don’t you come inside. My grandson is here too, he’s about your age I think.” Maggie glances up at me for confirmation. 
“She’s nine, so two years difference.” I smile. We all head inside, Kiara clinging to my hand and trailing in, half standing behind me. 
“Ryann!” Logan jumps up from where he was sitting watching tv in the corner and runs at me, presumably to hug me. He stops short when he sees Kiara cringing back though. He’s at smart kid, bright enough to know when someone is uncomfortable. He peers around me curiously at her. I can’t help the little smile on my face as the two of them meet and the red thread joining them solidifies. I can’t think of a better friend for Kiara. Or a better partner for her when she’s older. MUCH older. Maggie smiles happily as she busies herself getting something out of the oven. Aaron watches me curiously, his eyes darting between the two children. Yeah, he definitely knows. He doesn’t need to be able to read their fates, he can read 
me far too well. 
“Ryann, is she the girl you were looking for? The one you were worried about?” He asks quietly. His expression is solemn. I give a small nod and a sad smile. Logan stiffens up for a moment and he frowns. I don’t know how much he knows, but he came over at some point during the search, so I’m sure he heard quite a bit since we were using this place as a home base. He would have put a lot together. Probably more than he should have to be honest. He stays deep in thought for a moment then straightens up and pushes his shoulders back. At this moment he looks far more mature than his eleven years would suggest. I wait to see what he’s planning to say next. 
###Chapter 206
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
206- Nice and normal 
“Hi, I’m Logan. I’m here visiting my Nana. It’s nice to meet you. I’m glad that Ryann and her friends were able to find you. They were really worried.” He adds the last comment in a half whisper, glancing up at me like it’s some kind of secret. Kiara nods at him but doesn’t give any more reply than that. He persists. 
“What’s your name?” he tries again. I’m actually fairly sure that he already knows her name, he would have overheard it at some point. But I don’t comment. I want to see what Kiara does. She stares at him hopelessly for a minute, then up at me, a pleading look in her eyes. Logan follows her gaze up to me and meets my eyes. 
“Her name is Kiara. She doesn’t feel like talking much right now. She’s had a hard time and is keeping to herself a little bit.” I explain. I expect him to be confused or to get annoyed and just give up on talking to her for now. Which is why I’m shocked when he gives a slow nod. 
“Oh, alright. That’s fair I suppose.” He looks back at Kiara who is watching him curiously. 
“You know, I find it scary talking to people sometimes too. Sometimes I make a game out of it. Seeing how long I can stay quiet at school without talking to people. I just nod or point at. things. Sometimes I act things out like in charades. It’s pretty fun.” He chatters away then his eyes light up with excitement. 
“Oh I know! We should make up our own secret language. Like sign language but we can. make it ourselves. Then we can have secret conversations.” He grins conspiratorially. Kiara seems intrigued. She steps out from behind me, and while she doesn’t let go of my hand, her grip does loosen so it’s no longer constricting the blood flow to my fingers. 
“Do you wanna make a language with me? I can start. If you want to come play then draw a tick in the air. If you don’t wanna then make a cross with your fingers. Like this.” He demonstrates crossing his fingers, the same way you would if you were making a wish. It wonder if he knows that people do that? Either way, I’m quickly learning that I shouldn’t have underestimated Logan. Because before I can process what’s going on, Kiara draws a tiny little tick in the air with one finger and he’s taken Kiara by the hand and is leading her away towards the kitchen. I watch fascinated as he grabs a plate and starts loading it up with. 
treats. 
1/4 
206- Nice and normal 
“I’ll make us a plate. Nana told me that you need to have lots of extra snacks right now because something about magic and that you’re probably extra hungry. That’s good thought because Nana makes the best snacks. Oh, and you should try some of the brownies. I helped make those so they should be extra good. Nana says the best snacks are always the ones we make together.” He keeps chatting away, pausing occasionally to see how Kiara is responding. With a plate loaded high, he leads her to the living area and they settle in on the couch, the large plate balanced on a cushion between them. 
Maggie is adding some kind of icing to one of the cakes she’s made so I take the chance to text Bellamy an update. 
Ryann- Okay so we might have overreacted. 
Bellamy- Oh? I take it you didn’t run into this mystery boy then? 
Ryann- Actually we did. But he’s not so much of a mystery after all. 
Bellamy- You know him? 
Ryann- So do you. It’s Logan. Maggie’s grandson.  
Bellamy- The curious one. He seemed like a good kid. I know you’re fond of him. 
Ryann- He is a good kid. Not to mention it took him less than five minutes to convince Kiara to go play with him and to stop clinging to me. He’ll be a good friend for her. 
Bellamy- More than a friend sweetheart. 
Ryann- Eventually. But they’re kids. For now they’ll be friends. They can work out their actual. feelings towards each other when they get older. Either way, this is the best case scenario. I guess fate decided that Kiara needed someone to confide in. 
Bellamy- I’m glad you’re happy, that everything worked out well. 
Ryann- Me too. Now I should stop being rude and put my phone away so I can actually catch. 
up with Maggie. 
2/4 
206- Nice and normal 
Bellamy- Have fun love. I’ll talk to you later. 
I spend the next couple hours at Maggie’s house chatting with her and eating so many baked goods that I start to feel sick. Aaron also indulges to a ridiculous amount. Kiara manages to cat more than any of us and I watch Logan lead her back to the table where Maggie laid everything out at least three times to refill her plate. Maggie says she spent the morning preparing all this but I’m fairly sure that she must have started on this array last night because this is so much food for one person to make alone, even with Logan’s extra set of hands helping out. 
“So, how are things going living with your Shifter boy?” Maggie asks conversationally, causing me to choke on the brownie I had just taken a bite of. Something about her tone tells me that her intention is to tease me and I just know I’m going to make it entirely too easy for her. I glance at Aaron with pleading eyes and he pointedly looks away and continues snacking. Traitor. Maggie has clearly purchased his loyalty with baked goods! 
“He’s been keeping me safe. Things haven’t exactly been normal lately. Actually, I haven’t 
worked out what my new normal even is yet.” I sigh. Maggie pauses and I can tell she’s reconsidering whatever teasing she was about to do. She decides to take pity on me and answers me seriously instead. 
“Does it really matter?” She asks. 
“Huh?” I say stupidly. Not following. 
“Does it matter what our new normal is? You’ll figure that out as you go and if you don’t like it then you’ll change it.” She says pointedly. Right… so she’s telling me to… what is she telling me to do? 
My confusion must sho 
“Ryann dear, I’m telling you to stop worrying about what might happen and to decide what 
you want then MAKE it happen. You have everything you need and all the freedom to choose 
the direction of your life. Don’t wait for things to happen to you and just do what you want. 
Not a lot of people have that freedom you know.” She clarifies. I think about what she’s said. She isn’t exactly wrong. I do have more freedom now than I ever have before. The only things I can’t change are what fate has decided for me. My strings connecting me to Megan and Bellamy. I didn’t choose them. Why does that even bother me so much? I know I love them. True I wouldn’t have chosen them if I didn’t know about the threads joining us, but I think 
3/4 
206- Nice and normal 
that has more to do with my opinion of myself than of what I think about them. 
I chat with Maggie a while longer, but I can’t stop thinking about what she said. About what I want my life to be like. When I finally announce that it is time to leave, I’m surprised and somewhat pleased to see that Kiara looks disappointed. She and Logan have made a great deal of progress in creating their ‘secret language‘ and have been making progress communicating for the last hour now. Kiara nervously removes one of her beaded bracelets that she’s made and offers it to Logan and I want to just squeal because it is so adorable. I need to get them to spend more time together soon, it’s good for her. Good for both of them I suspect. I’m suddenly struck with inspiration. I know what I want my normal to look like and I know how to make it happen. 
“Maggie, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?” I ask. 
###Chapter 207
207- Invitations and interest 
Maggie smiles happily at me, she can tell I’ve come to a decision. 
“Tomorrow? I don’t have plans and Logan usually comes here for most of the weekend, why?” 
“I want to have a dinner. A family dinner. Will you both come?” I feel kind of nervous consider Maggie to be part of my family, but I’ve never said it so bluntly before. 
“We would love to come. You hear that Logan? Dinner at Ryann’s place tomorrow night.” She declares with a grin. Logan bounces in place. 
“Really? Just like you said before! Will the other Shifters be there?” He asks excitedly. I nod. 
“Yep, and a few others.” I confirm. Logan whirls to face Kiara. 
“Hear that? We can practise our secret language in a room of people and see if we can get away with it. Make sure to keep thinking of other things we can add to it. I will too and we can trade ideas tomorrow.” He tells her cheerfully. Kiara nods eagerly and she seems much happier leaving now that she knows she will see her new friend again soon. Actually, she seems much happier just having a friend. I really hope that whoever she ends up staying with doesn’t live too far away. Not just because I don 
want her to leave me but it would be cruel. to separate her from Logan and the other people she has begun to depend on. 
When we get home I rush to find Bellamy in his office, Kiara in tow. He opens his arms for a hug as we enter. I hug him and step back to allow Kiara the chance to do the same if she wants. She considers for a moment then reaches around him and pats him gently on the back in a light hug. Bellamy grins and hugs her back, keeping his hold loose so that she can retreat. when she’s ready. 
“I’ve decided something.” I declare. Kiara steps back and beams up at him. Bellamy is so shocked by her happy expression that he takes a moment to process what I’ve told him. 
“Uh, yeah. Wait, what? You decided something. What did you decide? You ladies seem very excited by something.” He realises. I nod. 
1/5 
207- Invitations and interest 
“Yep. I’ve decided we’re having a dinner party tomorrow night. We’re inviting all our friends. Maggie and Logan are coming, they already said yes. I’ll invite everyone else in a minute.” I smile happily and Bellamy nods. 
“Sure, that sounds fun. I don’t think we’ve ever really done that before. Did you want any help from me or have you got it covered?” He asks. I shrug. 
“I was going to ask Megan to help, arranging parties, even small ones like this is kind of her thing, isn’t it?” Bellamy nods. 
“Yes definitely. We have our meeting with Alex at three tomorrow, but it shouldn’t take long so there will be plenty of time to get ready for dinner.” He agrees. 
“Yes. I did want to ask for one thing. Can you send me Alpha Kohen’s number? I was thinking I might invite him and his wife. I’ve been wanting to meet her for a while and you guys seem 
to get 
along okay. I think he would be a fun guest to have.” I tell him. Bellamy’s eyebrows fly 
up. 
“You want to invite… huh. I mean, I can’t see a reason why not. Sure, I’ll text you his number now so you can get the 
tout. It seems you ladies have a party to plan. Are you excited 
Kiara?” He asks. She smiles and nods her head enthusiastically. 
“Yes, she made a new friend today. They already have plans to hang out again tomorrow evening.” I tell him, trying not to laugh. He winks at me and I can’t help but let a giggle slip out. Everything has changed so fast. A week ago I was tired and miserable, looking for Kiara and trapped in the house worried about my safety. Now I have friends and family 
and I’m planning a party, not even for any reason. Just because I want to spend time with everyone. 
Kiara and I rush upstairs to find Megan. She’s upstairs in her room typing something on her 
laptop. 
“Megan, we need your help.” I declare. She immediately closes her laptop and turns to face 
US. 
“Sure, what’s up?” 
“We’re having a dinner party. Here, tomorrow night. I’m about to send out invites now but we 
2/5 
207- Invitations and interest 
are definitely going to need your expert help to get everything ready in time.” I explain. She lights up. 
“I would love to help! What should we have for dinner, wait, how many people are coming? We probably need to get more chairs and add onto the table. Kiara, what kinds of food do you like to eat? You have to let me know if you have any ideas too, okay?” Megan is opening her laptop again. She opens a document and starts a to–do list which has far more on it than I would have considered. I get to work messaging the potential guests. 
COCK TALES 
Ryann- Hi everyone! So we’re having a dinner party at our place tomorrow night and you’re all invited! Be here at five–thirty. Who is in? 
Harry–Party? I’m there. Question, who else is invited? 
Megan- Don’t worry Harry, we will be sure to invite Cam. I’m pretty sure she wouldn’t come if you gave the invite. 
Harry- Sad but true. 
Amber- I already cleared my evening when you invited Maggie. I’ll be there. 
Aaron- Ok 
Darrien- Sure, do you guys need any help getting anything ready? 
Megan- We might need help moving some furniture and tables later, and possibly with some shopping. Just keep yourself available tomorrow. 
Darrien- Will do. 
Next I text Shaun and Alex. 
Ryann- Hey guys, we’re having a dinner party here tomorrow night. Five–thirty. I would love it 
if you could come. 
3/5 
207- Invitations and interest 
Shaun- Sounds like fun. Who else is invited? 
Ryann- All my friends are invited. You know who they are since we made lists of literally 
everyone I know. 
Alex- 1 can come. Are you inviting your Oracle friend? Shaun doesn’t talk about much else these days. 
Ryann- Yes she’s coming.  
Alex- Oh good. She’s kind of strange, but nice. 
Ryann- She is. 
Next up on the invitation list is Cam. 
Ryann- Hi Cam. Would you like to join us for a dinner party tomorrow night? Here at five- 
thirty? Harry is coming but I promise to do my best to keep him under control. The rest of us 
will be there too. 
Cam- Uh, I’m not totally sure. I’m meant to be working. But I’ll see what I can do. My friend might be willing to swap with me. Put me down as a maybe and I’ll do my best to make it. 
Cam- And don’t worry about Harry, he’s annoying, but I can handle it. 
And last on the list, the one I’m most nervous about. Alpha Kohen. I really don’t know how he will react to the invitation but I want to offer it anyway. I think it would be good for us to 
be friends with him. 
Ryann- Hello Alpha Kohen. This is Ryann Gale. Bellamy and I are throwing a dinner party tomorrow night and would like to invite you and your family to attend if you’re available. It’s not a formal meeting or anything like that. Just friends and family. We thought it might be nice to all have a meal together. 
Kohen- My wife says she would love to come and that means I’m definitely going too. ;) Fair warning our little one is only a few weeks old. She might fuss a bit, we probably won’t stay until too late in the evening. What time should we be there? 
4/5 
207- Invitations and interest 
Ryann- Five–thirty. And it’s all good. Babies are adorable and I’m keen to meet your wife. She sounds like an interesting woman. 
Kohen- She’s the best. We will see you tomorrow night. 
I update Megan on the R.S.V.P’s I really didn’t expect everyone to say yes. The only maybe is Cam but I think she will probably make it. I don’t think people refuse her very often. We order take out for dinner and then myself, Megan and Kiara spend the rest of the evening 
planning a menu and working out our dinner plans. 
###Chapter 208
Strings of Fate 
208- Custody and caring 
The morning goes by in a rush. Megan and I are constantly on the go with Kiara trailing along with us as we prepare for the last minute dinner plans. I probably could have planned them for later in the week but I didn’t want to wait and it IS doable. Just requires a bit of 
extra planning. By one in the afternoon we have had Darien and Bellamy rearrange the furniture and move in a couple of fold up trestle tables to make space for everyone as well as a bunch of extra chairs. Kiara is currently working with Darien to lay table clothes over all the tables to kind of merge them together while Megan and I start prepping stuff for dinner. Thankfully she’s a much more experienced cook than me and has some idea of how to prepare such a large meal. I did suggest just ordering something but she insisted on making it ourselves and I don’t mind trying. Worst case scenario, it fails and we order pizza. Just before three, Alex arrives Bellamy and I leave Kiara with Megan who is in the middle of prepping 
some chocolate mousse desserts and head to the office. 
“So, I did locate one living relative for Kiara, her grandfather on her mother’s side. I 
contacted him and arranged for a meeting: He lives interstate so it will be another video conference call.” Alex explains. I feel cold and sort of panicky. Interstate? I don’t want her to move that far away. I’ve definitely gotten attached, plus I think spending time with Logan will be good for her. Is it really fair for her to move so far away from where she’s grown up so far? Alex sets up the call then excuses himself, announcing that he will go assist Megan with the meal preparations and to call if we need him. The call goes through and I’m surprised to see 
a young woman on the screen. 
“Hello? Oh good it’s working. One moment.” She swivels the camera around to show an old 
man who must be Kiara’s grandfather. 
“Thanks Joe.” He tells the woman gently. 
“Good afternoon.” Bellamy greets him. 
“I am Alpha Bellamy Kane and this is my partner Ryann Gale. Did Alex explain the situation to you?” Bellamy asks politely. The old man nods. 
“Yes, I’m Ray and this is Joe, she helps me out during the day, I don’t move around as well as I used to. And only a little. Your friend Alex explained that there was some issue with my daughter. I’m not sure what you want me to do about it, she hasn’t spoken to me in over ten 
1/4 
208- Custody and caring 
years. Not since she married that Reaper. I never approved. It’s not safe, and what kind of life could she have hiding away with him?” He grumbles. My heart sinks. This is not looking good. 
“I am sorry to have to tell you that your daughter and her husband were murdered several weeks ago.” Bellamy says carefully. Ray goes even paler than he already was, which is saying something because he didn’t look all that well to begin with. 
“Oh. I didn’t realise- no one said… I suppose since I don’t answer my phone I wasn’t notified, I only got your message because your man tracked down my carer and called her to arrange this meeting. Is… is this about her estate then? I can’t imagine that she was especially well off.” He considers. My eyes widen and I glance at Bellamy. Does he not know he has a granddaughter? If he cut contact ten years ago it’s entirely possible that he doesn’t know. I take over, needing to tell him myself. 
“Sir, I don’t know if you are aware but your daughter had a child. A girl named Kiara. This call is about her.” I tell him. He looks shocked. 
“A granddaughter? A little Witch I suppose? I didn’t know.” He admits. He doesn’t seem all that torn up about it if I’m being totally honest. I don’t think I like this guy very much. 
“She’s not a Witch, she took after her father and is a Reaper. We’re contacting you because you are her only living relative at this point. We are trying to determine what should be done regarding her living situation. Legally, she goes into your care, although we’ve been looking after her temporarily.” I tell him. He immediately shakes his head in refusal. 
“I don’t have the time or energy to take care of a child, much less a Reaper. She can’t come here. Find someone else.” He declares. I have to repress the desire to yell at him. I can see why Kiara’s parents cut ties with this man. He’s kind of racist and obviously doesn’t care. I 
can see that he might not be capable of taking care of her, but he doesn’t even seem concerned and he hasn’t asked to meet her or anything like that. He hasn’t even asked about her wellbeing or wished her any condolences. It’s a good thing he doesn’t want her because I don’t think I could give her up to this jerk. Seeing my frustration, Bellamy takes over the conversation. I don’t think I could speak without yelling or crying. 
“To clarify, you are giving up your custody rights of Kiara?” Bellamy asks. Ray nods. 
dismissively. 
2/4 
208- Custody and caring 
“Yes, yes. Give the girl to someone else or put her up for adoption if it comes to that. I can’t take her. Now, is that all? I have an appointment at four and I want to get there early.” He grumbles. Bellamy nods and without another word just ends the call. 
1 explode. 
“What a BASTARD. He didn’t even CARE! We cannot send her to him, even if he DID want her!” I rant, keeping my voice low enough that Kiara won’t be able to overhear me. 
“I agree, I will have Alex send documentation through to him ensuring he signs over his rights. We don’t want him coming after her later demanding money or anything like that.” Bellamy says calmly. He doesn’t seem nearly as upset as I am and honestly I have no idea how he is so calm. What are we supposed to do? It was already going to be hard enough giving Kiara up to her family. Am I supposed to give her to strangers? Or put her in foster care, a group home like Harry and I grew up in? I shudder at the thought. 
“You know, I never expected we would end up parents before actually having sex.” He says casually, clearly amused. I whirl to face him in my chair. 
“Huh?” I say dumbly. Bellamy raises an eyebrow and meets my eyes. 
“Am I wrong? We are keeping her aren’t we? Assuming she wants to stay. We have the space and the money to provide for her. If there was a better place I would consider it, but I can’t think of any and honestly I don’t want to send her away. I don’t think you do either, do you?” 
He asks earnestly. I nod. 
“I can’t send her somewhere that she is unwanted, and I want her. Can- can we really take 
her?” I ask nervously. Bellamy shrugs. 
at 
“I doubt that old bag cares where she ends up, he will sign her over to us easily enough. Given how attached to you she is I believe she will be content to stay with us 
We will need to look into schooling and such, we can ask some of the other Shifter parents where they send their kids. I know a lot of them homeschool too, maybe she could join in if there is a group the same level as her. We have plenty of support. We can do it, as long as we’re both willing, and I am.” He adds at the end. I can’t help it. I fling myself at him, out of my chair practically knocking him over as he has to catch me and balance himself in his own seat. 
3/4 
208–Custody and caring 
“Yes. We can do it. She should stay with us.” 
###Chapter 209
207- Guests and gathering 
Since that meeting went much faster than we anticipated, we decide to return and join the others in preparing for dinner. But first we ask Kiara to come and speak with us in the office. She looks nervous. Actually, she looks like she is going to be sick. I shut the door so we can all speak privately and then I quickly reassure her. 
“Kiara, I would never send you anywhere that you aren’t wanted.” I start. Her shoulders relax a little bit. I suspect that while it is unlikely her parents told her a lot about their relationship with her grandfather since she is only nine years old, that it is highly possible that she knows SOMETHING. Kids are smart, she would know that it’s odd she’s never met him and probably has noticed that her parents don’t get along with him. They wouldn’t have had to tell her, one irritated sigh or off tone could probably tell her that. I make eye contact with Bellamy and he nods for me to take the lead in speaking with Kiara. I take a deep breath to calm my nerves. What if she is upset about it? What if she doesn’t want to stay with me? 
“Kiara, your grandfather is not in a position to be able to take care of you and honestly, I don’t think I would be comfortable sending you to him. According to Alex you don’t have any other relatives you could go and stay with. Your grandfather has left it up to Bellamy and I to decide where you live from now on.” I start. Kiara seems to curl up in on herself. She pulls 
her knees up onto the chair she’s sitting on and hugs them to her chest. She then mostly hides her face against them. All I can see is the glint of her eyes peeking out at me. 
“Please, I don’t want you to worry. I promised I would keep you safe and I would never lie to 
you. Bellamy 
and I talked about it and we decided… Well, we wanted to ask you if… if you would like to stay with us. Not temporarily that is. You could make your home here with us. That is, if you want to…” I trail off. Kiara’s head darts up and she is staring at me with wide eyes. She looks as if she doesn’t quite believe what I’ve just told her. She turns to Bellamy who gives an encouraging smile. 
“We would love to have you join our family Kiara.” He tells her softly. 
“You can take some time to think about it if you would like. You don’t have to decide right now.” I reluctantly tell her. I don’t want that. I want her to immediately respond because waiting is the absolute worst. I feel a twinge of guilt because this wait is just a small hint of what I’ve ended up putting Bellamy through with being all anxious about our relationship. I probably need to sit down and have a proper think about that one. 
1/3 
207- Guests and gathering 
“Also Kiara, no matter what you decide. You’ll always have us. Even if you choose not to stay it doesn’t mean we’re banishing you. We will always be here if you need us.” I add. I freeze in place and my eyes widen as for the second time in my life, my vision flickers for a moment and reveals two new threads. Bellamy and I are both now connected to Kiara with green threads. My eyes sting as I try not to cry. Fate has decided that we ARE meant to be a part of her life. Now it’s just up to her to decide how big a part she wants that to be. 
“Kiara do you want to take some time to think about all this?” Bellamy offers gently. Kiara shakes her head so quickly I’m surprised she doesn’t tip off of her seat. 
“Oh, so you know what you want to do? Kiara… do you want to stay with us?” I ask nervously. Kiara seems to take a couple of deep breaths. I watch her intently, not wanting to miss her 
response. 
“Yes.” Her voice is small and croaky. She sounds anxious, but she doesn’t hesitate in her 
out of response. I gasp and grin at her. She finally spoke! I don’t want to make too big a deal it. I don’t want to make her uncomfortable, but I am so relieved to hear her little voice again. 
“I’m so glad! I am sorry that so many awful things happened to you, but I am so happy that you will be staying with us.” I tell her, opening my arms to her. In a second she is out of her chair and climbing into my lap for a hug and I can’t stop myself from clutching her tight. 
“We will have to arrange another shopping trip.” Bellamy muses. 
“You will need to pick out some things to make your bedroom nice. We can repaint it for you if you want too. On the paperwork I am going to put myself and Ryann down as your legal guardians, but there are plenty of others here who will be very excited that you’re going to 
stay 
u with us. Shall we tell everyone tonight? At dinner?” He suggests. Kiara gives an eager 
nod. Her face is a strange combination of elated and sad. I assume because she is thinking about her parents and her old home. 
“Sweetheart? When you’re ready, let us know and we can arrange a trip back to your house so that you can collect anything you want. The house belonged to your parents and we will keep it safe for you until you are old enough to know what you want to do with it, okay?” I tell her. She gives a sad nod and I stroke a hand through her hair. 
“Should we go get ready for dinner?Maggie and Logan will arrive in an hour or so.” I remind 
2/3 
207- Guests and gathering 
her. This seems to perk her up. That’s good. I’ll take any chance I can to remind her of the good things she still has left. 
Right on time, Maggie and Logan arrive. Kiara has been eyeing the front door for the last half hour. She hasn’t spoken again and seems to have returned to her silence. But that’s okay. I know she CAN still talk, and when she is ready she can use her voice again. In the meantime, she and Logan can work on their secret language and she can learn her place in this home. Maggie hands over a large plastic container with some amazing looking chocolate cake inside. Logan greets me cheerfully then dashes to meet Kiara. Amber arrives not long after, Shaun in tow. I think he went to pick her up because they seem like they’re mid conversation. Cam arrives next with Harry trailing after her. She has a very pleasant and very forced expression on her face. I get the feeling that turning up together was not something she intended. Cam holds up a reusable bag that clinks as she lifts it. 
“I brought drinks.” She tells me, her expression softening to one of actual happiness and I 
grin. 
“I knew I liked you.” I hug her and she freezes a little in surprise, but does hug me back. Alpha Kohen, his wife who he introduces as Marie and his newborn daughter Mikaela are the last to arrive. His wife is a cheerful woman with chocolate brown hair and eyes. She’s much taller than me and has a curvy figure that I would associate with a bear Shifter. I instantly like her. She has a calming atmosphere around her and I am not in the slightest bit surprised to see the red thread between Marie and her husband. We usher everyone into the dining room where Megan is just putting the last of the food out on the table. 
###Chapter 210
210- Announcement and alarm 
of 
my own 
my 
Now normally a large group like this would be at least a little uncomfortable with me. Usually I end up distracted by all the threads streaming between people, blocking my vision and generally giving me a headache. But oddly enough I’m actually fairly relaxed. Everyone here is actually sitting near their best friends and partners and the result is that all the threads. here are short and not blocking my view in any way. Okay, so apparently the solution to my problem with crowds is that everyone just needs to stand directly next to the people they love at all times. It would make my life a lot easier. Maybe I should start matchmaking for the sake sanity. Yeah or not… But it is really nice being able to see everyone’s faces with no issues. The meal is going well, everyone is chatting and enjoying themselves while we stuff ourselves sil 
silly. Megan, Kiara and I chose to set up a self–serve type meal with a bunch of serving platter’s all in the middle of the table so everyone can just help themselves. Kiara is still eating a lot more than you would expect a girl her age and size to eat but I think maybe a bit less than she was yesterday so maybe it’s slowing down again to normal. It’s a good sign. I think. Dr Dae said she would drop by again soon to check in and I think she will be happy with Kiara’s progress, not that I would be able to tell with how cranky she seems most of the time. I was a little worried that Alpha Kohen and his wife Marie would be uncomfortable since they don’t really know anyone here too well and, like Bellamy, they probably have somet issues with other Shifters treating them formally. But I shouldn’t have been concerned, Alpha Kohen is just so FRIENDLY it’s impossible to be awkward around him for long. Not to mention Maire is just so sweet and approachable and throw in baby Mikaela who is the 
ultimate ice breaker. Apparently basically every adult here is a baby person. After we finished eating we sort of all ended up moving around, swapping seats so we could chat with different people. The women all smiled and awwed after the baby for a few minutes then moved on, the men however have been taking turns passing her around and generally obsessing over 
her. 
H 
‘Since having my daughter I’ve realised that the only thing more adorable than her is her in my husband’s arms. There’s just something about a man being sweet to a baby that tugs at my heart.” Marie watches her husband dreamily while Darrien hands Mikaela back to him. I think back to when it was Bellamy’s turn to hold her and I can’t help but agree. 
“You’re not wrong. But I don’t think the age of the child makes that much difference. It’s adorable just seeing them interact with the kids in general.” I point out, gesturing to Bellamy who is currently trying to convince Logan and Kiara to teach him their secret code language. Kiara is shaking her head adamantly, hair flicking about her ears and Logan has his arms. 
1/4 
210 
crossed over his chest as he bluntly refuses. 
“No. If we tell you then it won’t be a secret!” He argues. 
“That’s exactly what I’m worried about!” Bellamy s. Kiara giggles and Bellamy cracks a 
smile. 
“I see your point.” Marie says with a wink. Megan takes the chance to speak up. 
“My brother is getting attached. Have you worked out where she’s going to stay? 
Hopefully not too far away. I have to admit I will miss her if she can’t at least visit us.” Megan says with a sigh. Amber leans over the table towards me and grins. 
“You had better tell them before I do.” She comments. 
Η 
“Sure. I’ll grab Bellamy, we can make an announcement or something.” I reply. Megan’s eyes 
widen. 
“An announcement? Oooh there are so many possibilities!” She seems waaay more excited. than I would have expected. I wave Bellamy and Kiara over. Logan follows along. Maggie is sitting with Aaron who has been here all afternoon and has somehow not said a word. Even more impressively, he and Maggie seem to be in the middle of a full on conversation. Maggie is the only one speaking, he’s just nodding regularly and she’s happy enough. I’d say he’s just being polite sitting with her, but she keeps offering him treats that she prepared and he is enjoying a steady stream of snacks so I really doubt he minds. 
“Did you need something sweetheart?” Bellamy leans down and presses a kiss into my hair which momentarily leaves me brain dead. 
“Uh… oh. Megan was asking what the plan is for Kiara.” I prompt him. Bellamy grins. 
“Well, we looked into options, and we spoke to Kiara about what she would like to do and we’ve decided that Kiara is going to stay here with us.” Bellamy announces. Kiara comes over and slips her hand into mine, squeezing it tightly. The room erupts into a chaotic ramble as everyone congratulates us and her while trying to remain calm and somewhat serious as they remember WHY Kiara needs a new home. Still, everyone is about as happy as they can be int the situation. Even Aaron takes the chance to speak to Kiara, out loud and everything. 
2/4 
210- Announcement and alarm 
“Good choice.” Okay, so he gave her two words. But that’s pretty decent for him and she turns to me in excitement, I’m guessing because she got him to speak. She’s caught onto the game I play trying to get him to talk and seems to be playing it on hard mode since she isn’t speaking either. 
“Congratulations Alpha Kane, Miss Gale. Would you like me to find the appropriate documentation regarding Kiara staying here?” Alex approaches us and offers. 
“That would be great.” I tell him cheerfull 
“Great, if you could both sign here.” He slides a piece of paper out of the bag he has with him. that contains the laptop he carries everywhere. Bellamy reads over the paper. 
“Alex… when did you prepare this document? I didn’t think it would be so easy to find.” 
Bellamy asks. Alex grins and speaks more confidently than I’ve ever heard him. 
“Hey Shaun, when did I sort out the custody papers for Kiara?” He says loudly. Shaun leans around from where he’s speaking to Amber. 
“Those papers? You’ve been carrying them around for at least two weeks now, right? Or was 
it longer than that?” Shaun muses loudly. 
“A bit longer I think.” Alex says thoughtfully. 
“Okay, okay, we get it. We’re predictable and you don’t need Amber around to tell the future.” 
I laugh. 
“Oh, no, I wouldn’t say that. I just want it noted that once again, I am your most efficient and productive employee. Not that I would say it myself.” Alex grins and I laugh. What the hell is going on? What happened to shy, anxious Alex? I eye his glass. It’s mostly empty, but the little bit left in the glass is a familiar goldish colour. 
“Hey Cam, did you happen to bring your feline, catnip booze?” I ask and she nods. 
“Yep. I figured it’s more–fun if everyone has the chance to get drunk. I did adjust it so it shouldn’t be as strong now. Although I haven’t tested it yet.” She comments with a mischievous grin. 
3/4 
210- Announcement and alarm 
“Right… well I think you actually have.” I say pointedly gesturing to Alex. 
“Huh, so it seems like it still takes less than a standard drink to take effect. I pretty much halved the catnip dose. Maybe different Shifters have different sensitivity levels?” She muses as she pulls out her phone and starts taking notes. 
“If you need more data, I think Shaun drank some too.” Amber chimes in. Shaun seems like his usual charming self, but he has his arm draped over Amber’s shoulders and given how tongue tied he’s been acting around her lately, I’m going to assume his sudden chill is alcohol induced. Why do I want to make Aaron drink it? Maybe it would make him more talkative? Okay, actually that might be scary. Wait a second. I don’t think I’ve heard from Harry in entirely too long. It’s not like him to be so quiet. 
“Guys… where is Harry?” 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 211
Strings of Fate 
211- Building and bonding 
Everyone frantically looks around the room until we realise that Harry isn’t here. We’re all sharing near identical looks of alarm except for Alpha Kohen and Marie but I assume that’s because they don’t know Harry well enough to understand why we are all so concerned. Where did he get to and what is he doing? I love him but he should not be left unsupervised at a party. Something catches my attention. Why does Cam look so guilty? 
“Cam… do you know something that you want to mention?” I ask suspiciously. She shrugs. 
“I mean, it’s no big deal. I just thought that I would test a new drink on him. One that is designed to have more of a kick when used on Incubi. I haven’t tried it until now because getting him drunk in a public place honestly sounds like a punishable offence. I didn’t think it would be a problem here…” She trails off, clearly double thinking her decision. 
“So you’re saying Harry isn’t just missing, he’s drunk and missing.” I confirm. 
“Uh… maybe?” Cam squeaks. Bellamy jumps to his feet. 
“Okay, everyone go look for Harrison. 
blame him. Harry is pretty unpredictable at times. 
sounds pained and slightly terrified, want 
to know what he might get up to.” Bellamy 
Luckily, it takes about one minute to find him. He’s just in the living room watching TV. I’m 
relived for a moment but the second he sees me his eyes widen and he jumps to his feet, 
stumbling slightly. 
“RYANN!!! I MISSED YOU, COME HERE.” He moves way faster than someone as clearly inebriated as he is should be able to, and throws himself at me, nearly knocking me over with his taller frame. He crushes me to his chest, half suffocating me in a hug. 
“Harry… I can’t… breathe.” I force out. He lets me go enough that I can breathe but doesn’t 
release me. Bellamy follows me to the living room and calls the others to let them know that 
we found him. He doesn’t look thrilled with how Harry is clinging to me. 
“Harrison. We were looking for you.” Bellamy says warily. 
1/4 
211- Building and bonding 
“Awww you were looking for me! That’s so nice.” Harry turns to whisper in my ear, but the kind of whisper children do that isn’t actually any quieter than talking, just breathier. 
“I told you he likes me. I bet he wants to be friends.” He says, still holding me in place. 
“Sure Harry, he wants to be friends with you. What are you doing in here?” I ask. 
“Watching cartoons!” He announces gleefully. True to his word, the TV is turned to a kids channel and some show about imaginary friends is playing. Huh, that’s actually fairly harmless. Drunk Harry isn’t as bad as I thought. Honestly, he’s really not all that different to usual. I suppose reduced inhibitions don’t make a lot of difference for someone who isn’t all that inhibited usually. Cam joins us in the living room. 
“Hey, did the drink work? Is he drunk? I am sorry about it but I still should take notes.” She says cheerfully. I nod. 
“Yep. Seems like he’s a happy drunk.” I observe. 
“I’m NOT drunk!” Harry s, a slight slur in his voice. 
*Of course you are. Cam made a special drink for you to make sure of it.” I inform him. Hist face lights up. 
“A special drink? For me? She DOES like me.” He grins, elated. Finally, he releases me and throws himself at Cam in a hug. She stands there awkwardly, hands outstretched and not touching him. 
“Uh… a little help?” She asks. Bellamy smirks. 
“I don’t know, you’re the one who gave him the booze.” He jokes. I can’t help but laugh.. 
“Harry, get off of me!” She insists. He doesn’t budge. 
“I don’t wanna! You smell nice. I like you.” He declares loudly. Cam flushes red and looks. 
more than a little flustered. 
“Get off of me you damn Incubus!” She complains again. 
2/4 
211- Building and bonding 
“Uh oh. I might be immune to Harry’s Incubus charms, mostly because he isn’t actually interested in me like that, but I doubt that Cam is. In this state I’m willing to bet Harry has very little control over his Incubi magic. Based on how red she is, I suspect Cam is getting the full blast of it. I decide to take pity on her. 
“Harry, you’re missing out on your show.” I comment casually. He is immediately distracted and turns back to the TV. He moves to the couch, dragging Cam with him. She s, but can’t seem to stop him from dragging her around like a teddy bear he’s overly attached to. Sadly my timing is off and the cartoon ends like thirty seconds after he sits. 
“So, we’ve watched cartoons. You know what that means…” Harry trails off, pure delight on 
his face. 
“What?” Cam asks warily. 
“It’s time to build a FORT!” He declares, jumping to his feet. Finally letting go of her. He starts looking around the room, assessing the furniture. I assume its appropriateness in 
building a giant fort. By now, most of the others have joined us in the living room and are watching the show. 
“I don’t know about that Harry…” I start. He frowns and gives me puppy dog eyes. 
“No?” He asks pathetically. I’m distracted by Kiara tugging on my sleeve. She also looks up at me pathetically. Logan steps up next to her. 
“It would be really fun though.” He says sweetly. Well aware that I’m being manipulated, I 
cave. 
“Oh alright. Fine. Let’s do it.” 
The next hour is absolute chaos. Megan and Kiara collect armfuls of blankets, pillows and sheets from upstairs. We all get to work, moving the couches around and even bringing in the trestle tables from the dining area after moving everything off of them and into the kitchen.. The tablecloths also join our pile of building supplies. Everyone gets really into it and with this many people we get very creative. By the time it’s finished almost the entire living room has been converted into a giant blanket fort. It’s tall enough that Amber, Cam and I can stand upright in it, although Megan and the guys are all tall enough that they still need to duck. It’s 
3/4 
211–Building and bonding 
been set up so that the TV is still visible while inside it and the fort is lit up with glasses of at glowing liquid. I have no idea what it is, just that Cam and Marie vanished into the kitchen for fifteen minutes and when they came back we had odd, makeshift magical lanterns. They’re even all different rainbow colours thanks to the magic of food colouring. The dinner party is quickly devolving into a kind of movie night, but I don’t mind. It’s fun and everyone seems really happy. Alpha Kohen and Marie are the first to bow out however. 
“This is fun, and we would love to stay. But we need to get this little one home to bed.” Marie holds up baby Mikaela who is getting a bit fussy. Alternating between napping in her 
mother’s arms and crying. 
“We understand. Thank you for coming. I hope you had fun, even if this dinner did end up a little… off track.” I comment. Alpha Kohen laughs. 
hap 
“You should see what happens when my brothers get together. This is tame in comparison. It’s been a great night. We will have to invite you over for a get together soon.” He offers. Bellamy appears behind me, his hair is all messed up from brushing against the blanket roof and he has a smile on his face. His arm falls over my shoulder as he hugs me. 
“We 
would be honoured. It’s been great having you.” We see them out then return to the living room where everyone is watching kids movies, all crammed together in the fort. Sweaty and tired from building it, but oh so proud of our efforts. This is definitely the best party I’ve ever attended. 
###Chapter 212
212- New and normal 
As enthusiastic as they were, most of the guests don’t make it through the entire movie. Logan begins dozing off and Shaun offers to drop them and Amber home since none of them really drive. Cam is awake and going strong which is hardly a surprise given the amount of late nights she works, However she chooses to bow out while Harry is distracted and not staring at her. I think his undivided attention was enough to freak her out a little. By the time the movie finishes, the only people left are myself, Bellamy, Kiara and Harry. Even Megan went upstairs to bed and Darrien of course vanished moments after she left. Kiara seems cheerful but very drowsy. Her sleeping pattern is all messed up from being stuck in a dark basement 
with nothing to do most of the time. But I hope she sleeps well tonight. She has to be pretty worn out. We send her upstairs to change for bed then Bellamy and I sit there staring at Harry. That alcohol must have been STRONG because he is totally out. Dead to the world asleep. I nudge him in the arm and he doesn’t even stir. 
“Should we move him or something?” Bellamy asks reluctantly. I shrug. 
“I wouldn’t bother. I mean, this fort is full of blankets and pillows, it’s comfortable. He can just sleep here can’t he? Unless you have a problem with it… I can try to get him home. Not that I actually know where he lives… Shoot, this might be harder than I thought.” Bellamy 
laughs. 
“It’s fine. He can stay over, I don’t mind. He’s fairly harmless, at least he is when he’s asleep.” 
Abandoning Harry and deciding that the explosion that is the kitchen can wait til morning, the two of us head upstairs. Bellamy goes to get ready for bed while I go check in on Kiara. She has already climbed into bed and seems to be waiting for me to say goodnight. She has a small nightlight plugged in that Megan gave her when we realised that she really didn’t like sleeping in the dark. I’m not surprised. All of the awful things that happened to her took place at night or in the dark. I suspect it will be a long time until she’s comfortable with it. She might not ever be. I can’t help but trace my eyes down the green thread joining us. Her two green threads combined with my red thread creates a sort of triangle joining us and Bellamy. I enjoy having the visible reminder, the same way it helps me to have the reassurance of being able to see the red thread joining Bellamy and I. 
“Goodnight Kiara, did you have a good day?” I ask. She nods eagerly and I smile. 
H 
1/3 
212- New and normal 
“I’m glad. I do want you to be happy here.” I pause then quickly add. 
“That doesn’t mean it’s going to be shopping, parties and forts every day though. This was at special occasion. You’re going to have to go back to school when we get it sorted out for you.” I tease. Kiara makes a face at me but she doesn’t seem truly bothered by the idea. I suspect that after what she’s been through, school doesn’t seem as terrible as it once might have. I am cautious before I continue. 
“It doesn’t have to be right away, but I also think it might be a good idea for you to talk to someone. Like a professional. It doesn’t have to be a big deal. But it might be nice for you to have someone you can talk to who isn’t involved. Someone you can unload on and who can help you work through any problems you have. It doesn’t have to be right away, and we can 
time to find the right person. But I do think it would be good. Would that be alright with you sweetheart?” I ask. I wait nervously for her response. I know she is only nine, but I don’t want to pressure her into anything. She’s had enough of her choices stripped away from her recently and I don’t want to take away any more. I’m not even totally sure if she knows exactly what I’m suggesting. She probably has a vague idea at least. Kiara looks thoughtfully up at me then gives a small nod. I give her a tight hug to encourage her and promise to start looking into options for her. Bellamy walks in a minute later to say goodnight. Once we are both sure she is settled we head off to our room. 
i 
am halfway through changing for bed when I realise that I didn’t head to the ensuite to change or make sure Bellamy was out of the room. I just mindlessly started getting ready for bed. I’ve gotten so comfortable here that it didn’t occur to me that there might be an issue. I quickly finish dressing then turn to face Bellamy. He is fussing with the blankets, clearly trying to look busy and like he ‘didn’t even notice‘ me. Still, the pink tint to his cheeks gives him away. That and the fact that I have never once seen him straighten up the blankets BEFORE. We go to bed. That’s more of a morning type thing. I can’t help but laugh. 
“Relax, I’m not going to snap. You weren’t spying on me changing or anything. It’s not your fault that I just started stripping in the middle of your room right in front of you.” I point out. Bellamy grins. He still looks awkward, but there is relief in his expression too. 
“Does that mean I don’t need to pretend I didn’t see anything?” He asks with a mischievous smile. I laugh uncomfortably. 
“Uh… how about you don’t have to pretend but you do need to keep your mouth shut about it?” I suggest. He narrows his eyes. 
2/3 
Is there an alte 
out. 
“Uhhh…” I stare stupidly up at him as he steps in close and slides his hands over my waist. He leans down and I think he’s about to kiss me, but instead he just presses his face into my shoulder as he pulls me into a tight hug. He stays there for a few seconds then stands up straight, lifting me with him. Then in one smooth movement he picks me up. 
“Come on then beautiful. If I’m not allowed to talk about what I saw I’ll just have to take you to bed and show you.” He teases, My mouth goes dry, but despite his teasing Bellamy doesn’t do anything. Just lowers me into the bed then crawls in beside me, pulling me to his side. I’m willing to bet he is as worn out as I am. It’s been a long and emotional day. But wait, this is the first time I’ve had him alone for more than a few seconds all day. 
“So… I have something to tell you.” I start. 
“Yes love?” He asks sleepily. 
“Well… our threads changed.” I tell him, not thinking about how that actually sounds. Bellamy immediately siezes up. Before I can so much as blink, he has the lights back on and is leaning over me, panic in his eyes. 
“If it changed once it can change back. It doesn’t have to change anything between us. I love you. I can’t lose you. Please!” 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 213
Strings of Fate 
213- Managing and marrying 
Bellamy is breathing heavily and I am staring up at him, completely bewildered. I think back over my words and realise what’s wrong. 
“Bellamy, I didn’t mean our red thread. That hasn’t changed.” I reassure him. I scrunch up my 
nose. 
“You really think I would leave you like that? And what, I waited until we were in bed together on the day we took in a child to do it?” I point out. Bellamy flushes red, he is still tense and leaning over me, but the panic is fading. I think I really scared him. Oops? 
“Well when you put it that way, no. But I just… well. I was… concerned.” He forces out 
awkwardly. Still bright red and still leaning over me. 
“Bellamy, I have no intention of leaving you.” I tell him, a promise in my voice. He leans in and kisses me lightly before moving back. He ends up on his side and I turn to face him. 
“Okay, what were you trying to tell me before you gave me a heart attack?” Bellamy jokes. 
“Something about our threads changing?” He prompts. 
“Uh, yes. We each have a new one. Green ones connecting us to Kiara.” His eyebrows fly up. 
“The mentor ones? I mean that does make sense I suppose.” He comments mildly. 
“Well yeah, but why are they suddenly there? They weren’t before! My whole life I have never seen anyone’s threads change and now mine have changed twice and yours have changed too. What the hell is happening?” Bellamy can hear the anxiety in my voice and he pulls me close and strokes a soothing hand up and down my back. 
“Shh, it will be okay. We will work it out. I’ll ask Alex if he ever found out more about Ananke and we can keep researching.” He reassures me. I take deep breaths to calm myself down. When I feel steady again I comment. 
“You know, as much as we rely on Alex he should probably get a pay raise or promotion or 
1/4 
213- Managing and marrying 
award or SOMETHING. Seriously, I feel like we ask him for help constantly.” I joke. Bellamy laughs and I can feel it vibrating through his chest. 
“You’re not wrong. But I wouldn’t worry about his income. I am fairly sure he makes more than all the rest of them combined. He’s a force to be reckoned with. If he was just a little more confident he would be unstoppable.” Bellamy says this with a completely serious expression. I know he means it. 
“I agree, it’s a good thing he isn’t the ‘take over the world‘ type. Still, we should thank him somehow. I think he might have worked even more late nights than we have.” I remind him. 
“That’s true. We will think of something.” he assures me. Something crosses his mind and he’s slow to speak. 
“Did you talk to Kiara? You know, about seeing a professional at some point?” He queries. I 
nod. 
“Yes. She wasn’t super thrilled but she did agree. I’m not sure she really knows what to expect, but she trusts us so she’s going with it for now. I think as long as we find the right. person it will turn out okay.” I explain. 
“Right, we will have to start looking into options tomorrow, maybe meet with a few people.” He says thoughtfully. I can’t help but smile as I think back to how sweet he was interacting with Kiara during dinner and how adorable the sight of him holding baby Mikaela was. 
“You know, you make a good father.” I comment impulsively. I must be slow tonight because for the second time, I have no idea why Bellamy tenses up. Moments later he has his lips. pressed against mine. 
I don’t know how much time passes before he comes up for air, but when he does I realise that his right hand has made its way up the back of my shirt and his left is completely tangled in my hair as he holds me close. I am completely breathless and more than a little. 
dazed. 
“Uh… not that I’m complaining… but that was… I mean… huh?” I stammer out. Bellamy laughs, apparently elated. 
2/4 
213- Managing and marrying 
“I’ve proven I can take care of your family.” He says pointedly. I stare in confusion and he waits for my brain to catch up. It takes probably a little longer than it should, but if he wants. me to use my brain he shouldn’t have kissed me like that. 
“Oh, you mean the third Shifter courting thing?” I clarify and he nods happily. 
“Yes. By taking Kiara in and providing for her I’ve finally managed it. I’ve cared for your family.” He is so thrilled and his hands are basically glued to me. 
“I mean, you definitely have. Although realistically I feel like that should have been counted as done ages ago. I might not have realised it until recently, but Maggie and Logan are as much my family as you and Megan are. I just didn’t realise because I was too caught up in thinking about actual legal, biological connections.” I explain. Bellamy laughs. 
“Maybe, but I also haven’t really DONE anything special for them. I might have if I had considered that though. Either way, it’s done. I’ve finally managed all three traditions, you.” I can feel a deep, vibrating purr of contentment starting in Bellamy’s chest. It is ridiculously soothin 
have 
“I suppose we have. Does that mean anything special? Are we meant to commemorate it somehow?” I ask. Bellamy grins at me and I narrow my eyes suspiciously. Why do I feel like he was waiting for me to ask that? 
“Well my love, usually when both Shifters have completed the rituals, that is about the time their families would start making wedding preparations knowing that a proposal can’t be far 
off. No one in the families can to the union, both parties having proven themselves so clearly.” He smirks and I stare at him wide eyed, deer in headlights style. 
“Uh…” I am completely lost for words and I am fairly sure that he is loving it. I stare at him, tongue tied and not sure where to take the conversation from here. Is he proposing right now? I don’t think he is… At least he probably isn’t. So what is he trying to tell me? I 
continue to stare and stammer out unintelligible sounds until he takes pity on me. 
“Oh alright, don’t worry, I’m not proposing, not yet at least. I won’t, not until I’m sure yo 
you’ll say yes. I’m not going to push my luck right now.” He promises, leaning in to kiss me on the forehead. I’m still completely speechless and he must realise it because he laughs. 
3/4 
213- Managing and marrying 
“I’ve broken you. Completely broken. Come on now, unless you have any other bombs to drop. on me, we should try to get some sleep. It’s late and we will both feel like crap tomorrow if we don’t get at least a few hours rest.” Bellamy reaches and turns out the light, then moves. me around until I’m positioned in his arms comfortably. I thought I would be awake all night. after that conversation, but between the purring in Bellamy’s chest, his warmth and my exhaustion, it doesn’t take me long at all to drift off to sleep. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 214
Strings of Fate 
214- Zombies and zen 
Despite my late night, I wake up early in the morning. Groaning and mentally pleading for a glass of water and some painkillers to materialise in my hands so that I don’t have to stand up. If my bladder could magically empty itself that would help too. But no such luck. I carefully disentangle my limbs from Bellamy and climb out of bed. I freeze for a second right on the edge with one foot on the floor when he groans and rolls over. But he doesn’t wake so I keep moving. First step, the bathroom. Once I no longer feel like exploding, I head downstairs to get some painkillers and caffeine. For once, no one else is awake before me, not even Megan. On my way through to the kitchen I check in on Harry, yeah he’s still totally out. I don’t expect he will be awake anytime soon, and when he 
does wake I suspect the hangover will be hell. Actually, I suspect all the Shifters are going to have a pretty bad hangover. They’re not used to feeling the effects of alcohol so strongly. Actually, I don’t know if Cam’s concoction will cause hangovers or not, but I suspect it will. I mean, anything that can make 
Alex that talkative and confident has got to have after effects right? 
I end up in Bellamy’s office at the computer answering emails. I have a few new text messages from some of the Shifter women as well. They’ve been coming in more steadily since I helped the Shifter woman. Usually I would be more inclined to work on this kind of thing in the evenings when I’m properly awake but my body has decided to be awake now and I doubt I will be getting back to sleep any time soon. I still have to set aside a lot of the messages for Bellamy to check or to ask for more information about. But I can answer a lot of them myself and I’m feeling a lot more confident with it already. I might even be starting to 
enjoy it. The whole process isn’t nearly as stressful now that I’m starting to understand what to expect. Although I still am really unsure that emails are the best way to do things. Mayber for some things, less urgent matters. But a few of these emails could have been a three minute phone call and could have been resolved immediately, while others are just confusing and would be a lot easier with a little back and forth. Something which would take minutes 
on a phone call or in a face to face conversation but would take days or even weeks by email 
because of the delayed responses. No, what the Shifters need is a way to get in contact at all times, maybe some kind of priority system. Really, they just need to know that they CAN ask for help. Then again, they know Bellamy is busy and I haven’t exactly told them that I’m around, or available. I COULD though… maybe? It would definitely require a lot more of my time and energy than I’m putting towards it right now. I wouldn’t be able to go back to work. I know I told Bellamy that I would be going back once Kiara was safe, but if I’m being completely honest, the thought of going back to work… it just isn’t appealing. I can’t imagine having time to take care of these emails and things AND working shifts at Borderline, or 
1/3 
214- Zombies and zen 
anywhere else. But I can’t imagine stopping either. I WANT to help. I want to work with 
Bellamy and I WANT to help the Shifters. Not to mention, now that Kiara is going to be 
staying with us I need to be around for her. I need a more flexible schedule than shift work 
allows. I mean, I’ll have free time when she goes back to school and stuff, but at least for now she needs me around. She has a lot to work through. I suppose I should talk to Bellamy about this, not going back to work. I suspect he is going to be thrilled to hear I don’t want to go back to my old job. I’m suddenly not looking forward to the conversation. He’s going to be so smug. I hate being wrong. I was so sure I would want to go back but I definitely don’t. 
Dammit. 
As if summoned by my thoughts, Bellamy comes shuffling into his office, rubbing at his eyes and squinting against the light. 
“Ugh, that drink of Cam’s packs a punch, it is fun though so I suppose it is worth it. I might have to ask her to keep some of that cure for it handy though if she’s going to bring it by again.” He groans and I can’t help but laugh. 
“Is it wrong that I’m enjoying this? Ever since that time I got drunk and Megan just walked it 
off, I was 
thinking it was unfair that I was the only one who had to suffer after a night of 
drinking. This feels like a fair turnabout to me.” I grin at him and Bellamy rolls his eyes then winces. He really isn’t used to the feeling. I suspect this is probably a little worse than a 
regular hangover. 
“Painkillers are on the kitchen bench.” I inform him, still smiling a little too much. He nods 
and shuffles away. I follow him to the kitchen and watch as he downs like six pills which I would find alarming but I already know the dosage for him has to be different to what it is for 
me and he would know what he can handle. I look around the kitchen and have to work not 
to cringe. It’s kind of trashed. All the dishes, empty bottles and leftovers were all just left out 
for us to deal with today. I know that if we asked, someone would come and help us clean, 
but this is our home, we can take care of it ourselves. This is part of having friends over and throwing a party I suppose. Wordlessly, Bellamy and I start to fix up the kitchen and dining room. The living room can be dealt with later when Harry is up. Also, I think we might need more than a couple of sets of hands to get that fort apart, it is pretty well constructed considering half the people making it were wasted. We’re just washing the last of the dishes and Bellamy is starting to look much less zombie–like when I decide to speak. 
“So I’ve been thinking this morning.” I start. He glances sideways at me from where he is up 
to his elbows in soapy water. 
2/3 
214- Zombies and zen 
“That sounds dangerous. What have you been thinking about exactly?” He asks causally, although I can tell he’s more interested than he is letting on. 
“About work, my job, or my old job. Whatever you want to call it.” I respond. Bellamy pauses. 
moment and I can hear the dish he was cleaning clink as it falls back into the sink. He starts washing the dishes again and for a little bit I can just hear him breathing, the slosh of 
the water and the clink of the dishes. 
“When are you planning to go back?” He asks. His tone is flat and he sounds defeated. Huh, that’s not what I expected. I thought he would have guessed what I plan to say. 
“Well… that’s what I was thinking about actually, I don’t think I want to go back. I was going to ask if you had more work you wanted help with here. Kiara needs me around and I don’t want to half–ass the tasks I have been doing here anymore. I can’t do both, and if I have to choose… well I’d rather be here working with you.” I explain. All at once Bellamy has hist arms around me, I squeak as his wet hands soak the back of my shirt. He kisses me firmly then looks me in the eyes, delight clear on his face, pushing back the hungover grogginess he was dealing with before. 
“Yes. Please. Please stay. We can make this work. We will figure out how to get everything done together. I’m actually looking forward to it. You’re going to be perfect. I’m sure of it.” He gushes. I laugh. 
“Perfect seems a little far fetched, but I’ll do my best.” I promise, and I’m happy to say that I 
mean it. 
Chapter Comments 
Deborah Dawdy 
it’s about time she realizes way she needs to be doing 
VIEW 1 COMMENT > 
6 
###Chapter 215
Strings of Fate 
215- Silly and sorry 
Eventually the kitchen is clean and everyone starts to join us downstairs. By midday everyone. is awake except for Harry. 
“I should probably wake him up or something, he didn’t mention having plans today but I doubt that he planned to sleep so late either. Although he probably should plan for side effects if he is going to keep drinking whatever Cam puts in front of him…” I say dryly. 
“Can I do it?” Bellamy asks eagerly. 
“Huh… you want to… wake Harry up?” I ask, a little confused. Is Bellamy trying to be nice to Harry? He nods and I swear he is practically bouncing in place. 
“I mean… okay?” I tell him, a little doubtfully. His answering smile is absolutely gleeful. Then again, he’s been in a pretty good mood all morning. I’m not sure anything could kill that smile right now. Still… There is something strange about his excitement. I was right to be suspicious. Bellamy disappeared upstairs for a few minutes then into the living room to wake 
Harry. A minute later there is a sudden blast of loud music and the most high pitched sound I 
have ever heard Harry make. What the hell did Bellamy do? I run into the living room to find 
that Bellamy had thrown a container of water over Harry and apparently turned the TV on to a music channel as loudly as he could. The resulting fright has caused Harry to jump up and catch on one of the blankets that made up the side of the fort and yank it down on himself, tangling up and basically trapping him. Bellamy is laughing hysterically. Harry finally gets his head untangled and is now sitting there looking completely dazed and confused. Also wet, his dark hair dripping down his neck. His eyes are squinting and I’d be willing to bet he feels like there is a hammer smashing down on his skull right now. The water was funny, the loud music might be a little cruel. Actually, Bellamy looks like he might be regretting that part too, he might be cheerful but he is still hungover. I turn off the TV and turn to Bellamy, arms 
crossed over my chest. 
“Really?” I ask, staring him down. He just shrugs. 
“I’m pretty sure it’s a rule of all sleepovers, don’t fall asleep first or be the last up or risk being pranked. It was unavoidable.” He insists. I roll my eyes. 
“I feel like that’s not a rule.” I comment. To my surprise, Harry comes to his defence. 
1/4 
215- Silly and sorry 
“Actually I think it is. As much as I resent him right now, I would definitely have lost respect for him if he didn’t do something like this. Just remember, revenge is a dish best served cold and I am prepared to wait.” He says a warning in his voice. Okay then… this is both amusing and concerning. I guess a prank war between Bellamy and Harry might not be the worst. thing. This might actually be the most childish thing I have ever seen Bellamy do. Making friends with Harry, someone who could not care less about his authority or status as Alpha might actually be good for him. He doesn’t get a lot of chances to cut loose, not to mention I think a better relationship with Harry will help with the whole jealousy issue. 
In the afternoon, I receive a call from Alex. He also sounds a little groggy. These guys are definitely going to have to learn how to pace themselves with Cam’s drinks. I also think I might have to get some kind of hangover cure from her and keep it handy for future events. 
“Hey Alex, what’s up?” I greet him happily while I watch Darrien, Bellamy, Megan and Kiara work on taking down the fort while Harry gets in the way. If I had to decide who was the child, Harry or Kiara, Harry would definitely be the one I pick. 
“Uh, hello Miss Gale. I was wondering if you wanted to arrange a time to go over some of the information I’ve found about your magic, or at least about Ananke.” He explains. 
“Oh, that sounds great. When works well for you?” I ask. He seems a little thrown by that. I guess he’s used to kind of just being told when to do things by Bellamy, but this isn’t really a job, more of a favour. There’s no particular rush or anything like that. 
“I mean… I’m free this evening. Or tomorrow afternoon works too…” He trails off. 
“How about tomorrow? I think we could all use a quiet afternoon today.” I joke. He sighs in relief. “I agree. I mean, yes. That works. Thank you. Also I… uh…” He trails off awkwardly. 
“Yes?” I prompt. Alex hesitates before answering. 
“I just wanted to apologise. I don’t really know exactly how I got so drunk last night, I don’t usually have that problem and I didn’t think I consumed that much alcohol but I must have been wrong. It was inappropriate of me to behave that way and I promise I will be more careful in the future. That is if you choose to invite me to a similar event, I don’t want to assume… I mean… ugh.” He falls silent. 
2/4 
Emergency calls only 
215- Silly and sorry 
(含囚90%) 11:09 
“Oh, that wasn’t your fault. and chilled out. She forgot to mention that she brought it and you drank some. It’s really strong and very effective. You couldn’t have known. Also, don’t be silly, of course you will be invited over again. We’re friends.” I reassure him. When Alex answers he sounds relieved, although still kind of uncomfortable. 
am made a special drink for Shifters, it makes you really relaxed 
“Thank you. Will… Will you please pass my apologies on to Alpha Kane? I can’t help but feel that I’ve embarrassed myself.” Alex sounds so uncomfortable. 
“Sure, if you want. But there’s really no need to apologise. You did nothing wrong. If anything, I should apologise to you for letting someone basically drug you without your knowledge at my dinner party.” I tell him guiltily. He is quick to reassure me. 
“No, no. Not all. I’m fins. Everything is fine. Thank you.” I decide to give Cam a call. She answers quickly. 
“Morning.” She greets me. 
“Hey Cam. So about that drink you made, the one to get the Shifter’s drunk. Well, the good. news is that it definitely worked. The bad news is that the hangover is killer and none of these guys were prepared for it.” I say it pleasantly but my tone is a clear warning. 
“That’s my bad. I really didn’t think it would be that strong. I’ll whip up something to help and send it right over.” She promises. 
“Thanks. And maybe no more sneak attack beverages? Just give a little warning. They probably would have drunk it anyways, but Alex is all guilty and embarrassed about getting drunk in front of his Alpha. I don’t want people feeling bad over things that were clearly not their fault.” Cam sighs. 
“I understand. I really do. I won’t let it happen again. I didn’t expect Harry to be so…. well… you know. He’s a clingy drunk. I should have known better. I will be far more careful in the future.” She promises and luckily, I actually believe her. I like Cam, I don’t want to have to start drama with her about her drugging my friends. Satisfied, I thank her for coming and let her get back to work. 
###Chapter 216
Strings of Fate 
216- Want and will 
I’m super anxious when meeting up with Alex. I watch him set up his ever present laptop for what I’m starting to think is going to be a full on presentation. 
“Alex… did you make a powerpoint presentation?” I ask, trying to keep any judgement from entering my tone. 
you that I 
“Yes. I’ve been so awkward lately and all of our meetings have been last minute so I couldn’t plan what I wanted to say in advance. I finally had time so I thought I would show CAN speak without stammering. That is… if you give me some time to think about it first.” He points out uncomfortably. 
“Oh, well that’s cool. I appreciate the effort you’ve put in. I just don’t want you to think I 
expect you to do all this when you don’t want to. I don’t mind if your presentations aren’t 
perfect. It’s just us and Bellamy. You’re not on stage in front of a huge crowd or anything. It won’t matter.” I try to assure him. He raises an eyebrow. 
“You still don’t get it do you?” He asks with a sigh. 
“What don’t I get?” I prompt him. 
“You’re my Alphas. You’re the only ones whose opinions DO make a difference.” He insists. I 
frown. That doesn’t seem right. Does it? 
“Well… I understand that to an extent. But I do want you to be comfortable talking to me. If that means making a presentation then that’s fine, but I don’t expect you to speak and act perfectly all the time. I certainly don’t. Just remember that, okay?” I tell him gently. He 
flushes red and nods. 
A minute later Bellamy joins us. 
“Kiara is working on making dinner with Megan and Darrien. We should be free for the next hour or so.” He promises. He sits down in the chair beside me, wheels it a little closer to me and takes my hand. Naturally as can be. 
1/4 
Emergency calls only 
216- Want and will 
L兩国90% ):11:09 
“Alright then Alex. What have you learned?” I ask, encouraging him to get started. He takes a deep breath and begins his presentation. He starts off with a quick summary of what we already know, the information provided from the old journal and so on, then moves on to the 
new information. 
“After suggesting that she might also like a representative, Ananke is recorded as showing up a few times over the years and talking with mortals, learning about them. Then about a hundred years ago there was a case of an Oracle recording what will happen when her first. representative is chosen. The role does not appear to pass down family lines and based on this, I would assume that Ananke will select a new representative when her old one passes.” He pauses to let us process, and to flip to the next slide in his powerpoint. 
“The Oracle did actually record information about the representative’s abilities, but seemed to like privacy as they did not record their own name which made this rather difficult to verify, but the information does seem accurate in regards to Miss Gale so I’m inclined to trust it. They also did not use the name Ananke, but I suspect that is more because they did not know the name than anything else. I am working on acquiring and translating the original record so that you can read it as you choose. But in the meantime, the record of their role and abilities can be summed up with the following information.” He changes the slide again and takes a deep, steadying breath. 
“The role of fate’s representatives is to keep fate on track, as we know. Your role appears to be the backup plan. The one to manage and police them should those representatives go off track. The fate reps only receive information about the specific area they are intended to manage, life, death, and so on. They mostly get visions about the things that they need to fix, if something gets messed up in the natural order. Don’t ask me how that works, it is way above my pay grade.” Alex comments drily before continuing. 
“You however are a little different, you get information about fate all the time in the form of 
your threats so that you can monitor everything, but also so that you can change it as needed. It seems when Ananke said she did not want to remove her representative’s choice 
she meant it as her representative has her ability to see fates and also to change them. Based on the previous journal I assume this is because this still allows them to make a decision 
about their future.” He explains. 
“It is also worth noting that the Oracle recorded that Ananke’s represetative will have the ability to do what all the other fate reps did. Their additional magical abilities. Not right away, it was to be learned over time. The Oracle theorised that it was because all that magic 
2/4 
216- Want and will 
and information would be way too overwhelming for one person to have all at once so they learn it as they need it. But the ability to see relationships is the one you are born with as it is Ananke’s natural base power and also because it should help you with your job, being able to see a person’s fate should help you learn about their intentions and motives.” Alex explains. Well he isn’t wrong. That’s why I decided against Tristan from the start, which is also the reason I agreed to work with Bellamy when he was still being a jerk. 
“Basically, the Oracle wrote that the person they were seeing would also have the bloodline of an Oracle, but be blessed with abilities of one so powerful they would almost be a goddess. That the one they represent would not be a god, but that no god would resist her will. Gods and man would fear and respect the powerful one and that her strong will would be reflected in her chosen one.” Alex pauses then adds to his statement, as a sort of concluding remark. 
“Which makes sense really. Miss Gale has the will of a powerful Alpha. I can’t say that anyone particularly fears her, but you definitely do inspire respect.” He smiles and clicks a final button, ending his powerpoint presentation. 
“Well, that was a lot of information all at once. Good work Alex.” Bellamy praises him and 
Alex beams. 
“It was a lot, and yet somehow it doesn’t actually CHANGE anything. Just that I can keep doing what I’m doing and that I might develop additional abilities one day. Oh, and I suppose. that technically I’m considered an Oracle. I’ll have to tell Amber, we’re Oracle buddies now. Or always have been, I suppose, even if I didn’t know it.” I consider. Bellamy laughs. 
“That you are. And he’s not wrong about you being strong–willed.” He points out. I roll my 
eyes. 
“If you say so.” I agree reluctantly. Alex did a lot of work, but I’m not sure I actually have much in the way of new information, more just confirmation on things we already knew. Although the thing about being able to change fate and getting new abilities is a little terrifying. I hope that isn’t something that happens anytime soon. I’m only just getting comfortable again. I’m not ready for more changes. 
“Alex, thanks for all your help. I really do appreciate it.” I thank him, I make eye contact with him briefly to show that I am sincere, but of course he can’t hold it for very long so it’s more of a quick glance than anything else. Still, he seems to get the idea and appreciate it. Megan. 
3/4 
216- Want and will 
knocks on the door letting us know that dinner’s nearly ready and Alex takes the chance to excuse himself and head home and we all go sit down for dinner. The information doesn’t change anything, but somehow I feel more relaxed knowing that I am doing what I am meant to do and that there is nothing wrong with me or my magic. 
###Chapter 217
217- Routine and rigidity 
Over the next week, we all settle into a mostly comfortable routine. We all work during the day, myself and Bellamy on managing the Shifters and Megan works on finishing her final assignments and planning her future business. Darrien spends most of his time helping Megan or hanging out with Kiara. We’ve decided to wait for the new school year to send her back. Partly because she’s missed so much it just makes more sense that way, and partly because she has been through so much we don’t want to rush her. No, her only job right now is just to heal and recover. She still isn’t really talking. Just an occasional word here or there. She hasn’t done much this week but we’ve discovered she enjoys reading and we made plans for a playdate with her and Logan on the weekend that I believe she is looking forward to. Since the work Bellamy and I do each day does vary, the most consistent part of our routine is the evenings. We all try to have dinner together as a family, the five of us. Then after dinner Kiara will get ready for bed and at eight on the dot Bellamy and I go up to say goodnight to her. She is very consistent and seems to enjoy routine. We didn’t even set her a bedtime, although we probably should have. No, apparently she always went to bed at eight before so she just naturally started doing it now. 
It’s Friday night and about five minutes to eight. Bellamy is on a phone call sosture to him that I’m heading upstairs to check on Kiara and he mouths to me that he will follow in a 
minute. I find Kiara in the bathroom brushing her teeth. She startles as I walk in. She does 
that a lot these days and I can’t say I blame her. In her shock, she whirls around and elbows a 
porcelain soap dish off of the counter and onto the floor where it cracks and breaks into two pieces. Her big eyes widen even more than usual and she looks horrified. I wave it off. 
“No harm done.” I tell her, carefully picking up the pieces and dropping them in a bin. I check the floor for splinters but it seems to have broken cleanly. Kiara finishes with her teeth but she still looks tense. She shuffles down the hall to her bedroom, keeping her eyes on the floor. Her room has had a bit of a makeover this last week, we’re still working on it but rather than a pretty, but generic looking guestroom, it now looks like a girl’s room. There is an increasing amount of pink and purple throughout the room and already she is building up possessions. Mostly because every adult who enters this house seems to bring back gifts. 
Myself included. Still, standing in the doorway something looks off about it. It tak 
me a moment to realise what it is. The room is just TOO clean. Too tidy. I mean Kiara doesn’t appear to be a very messy child, but she is still a nine year old girl. There should be some sign of her spending time here. But there isn’t. The bed is perfectly made, the toys perfectly arranged. It all makes for a bit of a ‘show home‘ type feeling. I fight a frown, not wanting 
a 
1/3 
217- Routine and rigidity 
Kiara to think I’m upset with her. 
“Into bed sweetheart.” I prompt, pulling back the covers. She scrambles into bed and I gently pull the covers over her. I’m about to tuck her in and say goodnight when I see tears running down her cheeks. 
“Oh honey, what’s wrong?” I ask, ducking my head to see her face better. I didn’t really. expect Kiara to answer me out loud since she still doesn’t do that much, but to my surprise she does. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to break anything.” She sniffles. 
“Sweetheart, it’s alright. I know it was an accident. I’m not mad. No one is angry with you!” I grab her hand and squeeze it, trying to reassure her. She continues to cry and she seems almost scared. Actually scratch that, she is scared. One look around this room and I can suddenly see what the issue is. She is scared that if she does something wrong, says something wrong or causes us any trouble, she is going to be sent away. It breaks my heart that she feels that way and I struggle to find words to tell her. 
“This is your home now. We don’t expect you to be perfect all the time. I’m certainly not perfect. None of us are.” I tell her gently. She continues to cry and shakes her head. 
“D- daddy told me that my family will always take care of me. Even when I mess up. But I don’t have a family anymore.” She lowers her tear stained eyes to her lap where she is clutching the blankets. Fluh, it seems like I’ve stumbled onto a pre–existing case of anxiety. Something from before she was kidnapped. I guess that makes sense, she is a very orderly kid. I’m very careful with my next words. 
“Did you know that I didn’t have parents growing up?” I start. Kiara’s eyes fly up to mine. I 
nod slowly. 
“I was even younger than you. I never even met my parents. I grew up in group homes. My magic is unusual so they never really knew what to do with me. I spent a long time being sad about it. Sometimes even angry. I thought life was unfair because I didn’t have a family like everyone else did. But I realised something recently. I didn’t have a normal family, but I did make myself a new one. I just didn’t realise it at the time. Harry is like my annoying big brother. He also doesn’t have any parents you know? He and I were each other’s family when 
2/3 
217- Routine and rigidity 
we were little. Then when I was older I met Maggie and Logan and they became my family too. Now I have Bellamy and Megan, Darrien, Aaron and all the others. And of course I have you.” I pause and I can see that Kiara looks thoughtful, she is listening so I continue. 
“I can’t bring back the family I lost. I’m still sad about it sometimes too. I don’t know what life would have been like if I got to keep them. But I made myself a new family and I love them all so, so much. You can do that too. I know it hurts that your parents are gone, and it will probably always hurt at least a bit. But you can still be happy. You can choose to love people and to make them your family. I can’t replace your mum or dad. But if you let me, I would like to be part of your family. So would all the others. We all care about you and want you to be happy. There’s no need to hold back. We’re not going to get upset and kick you out or stop loving you. I’m sure there will be times when someone hasn’t had their morning coffee and they get grumpy and I bet there will be times when you get grumpy with us too. But it won’t change anything.” I promise her. 
“There is nothing you could do to make us send you away.” I tell her. Kiara’s face falls and in a small voice she answers. 
“But I think there is.” 
Chapter Comments 
6 
POST COMMENT NOW 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 218
Strings of Fate 
218- Mistreatment and monsters 
My first instinct is to argue, to insist that there isn’t anything and that she’s being silly. But somehow I don’t think that will help. I mean, if she told me she was murdering puppies in her free time and that she had a detailed and realistic plan for world domination? Okay, that might give me pause. I probably would send her away to get help or something. I mean, I wouldn’t abandon her, but saying never… that isn’t going to help. 
“Okay, well why don’t you tell me what’s bothering you and we can figure it out. I promise to listen and do my best not to judge. Maybe a different perspective will help.” I suggest. Kiara struggles with my words for a minute. I can tell she’s thinking about it and I wait patiently for her to sort through her thoughts. Eventually I see a sad sort of acceptance cross her face and I know she’s made a decision. She takes a deep breath and it comes out shaky. 
“The people who died. All the ones the scary ladies killed… it’s my fault.” she whispers the words, like if she says them quietly enough they won’t count. I’m a bit confused. 
“We already know they forced you to use your extra magic to identify people who weren’t meant to die. That’s not your fault.” I assure her. Kiara rolls so her back is to me and buries 
her face in the blanket. 
“That’s not why it’s my fault!” She squeaks out the words. I tug the blanket away to uncover her head and stroke her hair gently. I still can’t see her face. 
“Tell me what happened then. Tell me everything that happened. Then I can tell you honestly if I think you did anything wrong.” I instruct her. I say it firmly. I know we’ve been being careful and gentle with her, and I don’t want to change that. But if she is blaming herself for multiple murders… that’s something that we need to sort out. I can’t leave her to deal with that kind of guilt. I already feel awful just for my part in all of this. Kiara is quiet for a minute, then she rolls over towards me and lays her head on my lap with her arms tight around my waist. She clings to me as she begins to speak in a small voice. 
“The first time they took me I didn’t know why they wanted me to pick someone. I thought maybe they wanted to study them or they were just testing my magic. My parents always said it was extra special, that no one else can do what I can do and that people might want to take advantage of that. But they already knew, sort of. They thought I could see who people are meant to fall in love with. I told them they were wrong. I didn’t mean to tell them everything. 
1/3 
218- Mistreatment and monsters 
but I was confused and I didn’t know what else to do.” Kiara pauses. 
“That’s okay sweetie. When people are threatening you it’s usually best to give them what they want. You’re alive so you did well.” I tell her but she shakes her head against my knees. 
“It’s not though. Because then when we went to the first lady’s house they made me knock on 
the door while they hid. They made me do that every 
I always hoped that they wouldn’t answer, that they wouldn’t let me in. But they all did. They were all nice and worried. But as soon as the door was open the scary ladies would go inside and they would do magic and stuff and trap the nice ones.” She admits. I continue to stroke my fingers through her hair. So she feels bad because they used her to get their victims to answer the door? I mean t 
that’s 
awful, but hardly her fault. Surely that can’t be it. Sure enough, Kiara continues her story. 
“I don’t know how they knew. But they knew I’m a Reaper. That daddy is- was one too. They… they told me to use my magic. To… to kill the lady while they kept her trapped with magic. I said no. I said I wouldn’t do it. That they couldn’t make me. The… The Shifter lady was going 
to hit me, but the Witch lady stopped her. Said that touching me directly is dangerous. Then 
the Witch lady told me that if I didn’t kill the woman that she would and that she would 
make it hurt. She said the woman was going to die no matter what, but I could make it quick. 
I tried to say no. I didn’t want to. But the Witch lady did a spell and the nice woman started crying and screaming. When she stopped they told me again that I needed to kill her. I 
wanted to say no, but the nice lady told me to do it. She said it was okay and that I needed to keep myself safe. She said she would rather die quickly if she had to die. I tried to argue but they were going to keep hurting her and they made me. So I… I did it. And I did it again and 
again every time. I tried not to, I tried to argue but they reminded me what they did the first time and I did what I was told. I tried to think of ways to escape but the magic wouldn’t let me. I wished I could make them sleep, or just make my magic stop working. But it did work. Every 
time. It’s my fault. I killed them all. It’s my fault! I killed the Witch lady too. No one made me do that. I just knew she was going to hurt all of us, she wanted you to die and I couldn’t let her. So I grabbed her ankle and I killed her. I know it was wrong, it was all wrong. I’m a monster and I’m bad and you shouldn’t be so nice to me. You should send me away where you’ll all be safe from me. You’re nice and I don’t want to hurt you.” 
Kiara is bawling into my lap and I take the chance to compose myself. I am FURIOUS. They made KIARA commit the murders? Obviously it’s not her fault. They gave her an impossible choice and of course, being the sweetheart she is, she tried to pick the option that would cause the least pain. I know we already suspected that she killed Jenna Warrens. Dr Dae suggested as much. But it hadn’t occurred to me that they forced her to take part in the 
2/3 
218- Mistreatment and monsters 
actual murders! I’m going to have to talk this out with Bellamy because I certainly can’t show Kiara how upset I am right now. I pull her upright so that she can look me in the eye. 
your 
“Kiara, I need you to listen to me. None of that was your fault. None of it. You are not a monster and you are not a murderer. The mean ladies, they meant what they said. They already killed your parents and they were going to kill those women no matter what you did. You made the right choice to keep yourself safe and to spare them any more pain. The only people responsible for what happened to them are gone now and you will never have to see them again. You said the first woman that died told you it was okay, and she was right. It isn’t fair to you and it isn’t right. You were used, threatened and mistreated and you still did 
best to be kind. I know you would never hurt someone unless you had no other choice. The magic you have. People are scared of it, because it’s a pretty powerful and scary ability. But they don’t need to be scared because you are a good person and you would never abuse it. You are the strongest and kindest girl I have ever met. You deserve a family and you do deserve to be loved, even if you don’t feel like it right now. You might not believe me, but I mean it, and I’ll say it as many times as you need to hear it and I’ll show you every day.” I 
promise as a fresh wave of tears runs down Kiara’s face. 
“We all will.” Bellamy comments from the doorway, making me jump. Suddenly I’m crying too 
and Bellamy has his arms wrapped around us both as we cry together. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 219
Strings of Fate 
219- Painting and purple 
We don’t tell anyone else about what Kiara told us, not even the police. It won’t change anything and after Kiara cried herself to sleep that night, Bellamy and I returned to our room. and discussed it. If Kiara wants to tell someone she can, but we don’t want people to be scared of her or anything like that. We don’t even tell Megan and Darrien. I know they wouldn’t be bothered by it, but Kiara told me and it’s not my place to share. Bellamy only heard because he was coming up to say goodnight too and overheard. Although he did admit to eavesdropping in the hallway for a couple minutes. He came to tuck her in with me but heard the tears and didn’t know if he should come in or not and just ended up waiting there. Still, in the week after that conversation Kiara did begin to relax a little more. She talks to people out loud now, although she still is pretty quiet. She hasn’t brought it up again and neither have we but she has her first appointment talking to a professional later in the week, a Witch with empathic abilities that we have VERY thoroughly checked out. We were a little. unsure about sending Kiara to see a Witch after she was controlled with magic for so long, but she reacted well to the Shifters and we don’t want her to think that Witches are all bad. 
She seemed okay when she met Cam so we’re hoping it works. If they’re not compatible then 
we can find someone else. 
I’m out grocery shopping with Aaron. Bellamy and Kiara were in the process of painting her bedroom when I left and after I nearly knocked over the tin of paint for the second time they “politely‘ suggested I could sort out dinner instead. Yeah I probably deserved that. But hey, I’m no good at painting anyway so I don’t mind and the two of them working on it together is completely adorable anyway. Walking around with Aaron would be sort of quiet and awkward but now that I’m out and about again and actually able to leave the house without a 
death threat lingering over me, I’ve quickly fallen back into my habit of chattering away and filling the silence by just telling him practically everything that goes through my mind. He probably feels like my daily journal or something at this point but he never seems to complain so I guess he doesn’t mind? Right now I’m updating him on how my threads have been changing lately. 
“Most recently Bellamy and I both got new green threads connecting us to Kiara, which does make sense since we’re taking care of her. But I don’t know why it just suddenly happened now and while all the changes are ones I’m okay with, what am I meant to do if something changes that I don’t want? I am seriously concerned about this.” I sigh. Aaron usually listens to my complaints silently so it’s always a shock when he actually answers which is why I drop the tomato I was picking up when he speaks. 
1/3 
219- Painting and purple 
“The changes are all things you are sure about.” He says softly. I whirl to face him. 
“Sorry? What do you mean?” I ask. He shrugs. 
“Are you sure that the changes aren’t something that you did?” He clarifies. I stare at him. It’s so obvious, I don’t know how I didn’t make the connection. Alex literally told me that I’m 
meant to be able to change and choose my own fate. Isn’t that what I did? I made a decision and poof I have a thread that reflects that. I didn’t even know that I was doing anything at the time but it makes perfect sense. I wonder… is it something I can do on purpose? Or is it just something that happens to me but according to my desires. Well, I should test it. What’s something else that I’m certain about? My eyes fall on Aaron who is picking up the tomatoes I dropped and adding them to the basket while waiting for me to work my way through my thoughts. Perfect. I can’t imagine not having him around, he’s basically my brother, kind of like Harry is. A very different brother, but still my brother. Darrien is too actually. The three of them, Darrien, Aaron and Harry are basically my brothers and I know that isn’t going to change. Honestly I can’t believe that I didn’t have threads connecting me to them to begin with because I swear it was unavoidable and I wouldn’t have it any other way. Sure enough, my vision blurs and goes dark for a second and when my eyes adjust I have a new thread connecting me to Aaron and I suspect that if Darrien or Harry were nearby I would have threads connecting me to them as well. Well that’s pretty cool. I mean, at least I’ll be able to find him when I need to now. I’m sort of tempted to try to make threads connecting me to all 
my friends, but I’m a little worried that might be overwhelming and screw up my vision. Maybe I should try to learn how to not–see them or make them less noticeable or something first. Surely that’s possible if I can literally change fate I can make it less obnoxiously in my 
face. 
We head home and Aaron and I work together and make dinner. I have confirmed that there is a blue thread joining me to Darrien now too. It should be confusing, I mean there are three blue threads plus a red and a green thread just joining me to people in this house right now. But strangely they make sense. I look at one and I just know who it is connected to without thinking or looking. Hah! I guess they won’t be sneaking up on me anymore. I’m glad they’re not too annoying because I would probably have to get rid of them or something. We all eat. dinner together. Kiara is sleeping in the living room tonight so that she doesn’t get sick from the paint fumes. So after dinner we get her set up and comfortable on the couch. I’m relaxing in bed while Bellamy showers. I’m pretty excited to tell him about my newly discovered control over my threads, when it occurs to me. If I can change my threads to create new ones, then theoretically I can get rid of or destroy them too… right? Which means… I could choose not to be fated to Bellamy. I could choose someone else for myself. I don’t have to follow 
2/3 
219- Painting and purple 
more 
along with the plan that the fates have planned for me like I always thought I had to. I could have dated and fallen for someone else and it could have worked out. I still could choose someone else, except… I can’t think of anything worse. There is nothing even remotely appealing about that idea at all. I don’t WANT anyone else. I DO trust fate and Bellamy and I are meant for eachother. I understand that and the more time I spend with him the r firmly I believe it. I actually take it back. I don’t think I COULD change the thread joining me to Bellamy. To change a thread I have to decide and really believe something, and I don’t think that I could ever actually believe that Bellamy isn’t perfect for me and somehow I’m right for him too. I don’t know anyone else who would be as patient with me as I’ve been working through everything. If I didn’t want him, REALLY didn’t want him, my thread would. have changed by now. So… what am I meant to do with this information? I remember the list that Bellamy wrote me about things he’s fantasised about and with an anxious glance towards. the ensuite, I fetch it from where I stashed it. I should have a few minutes. Bellamy has lavender coloured paint to scrub out of his hair. I’m nervous and oddly excited as I unfold the paper and force myself to actually read what he’s written down. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 220
Strings of Fate 
220- Letters and letting go 
I’m holding my breath as I read that first line again. 
*I’ve wanted you in my bed since the first time I saw you. 
Oh dear. Maybe I shouldn’t do this. Except… that’s stupid. Not reading it won’t make it less true and honestly… it’s not like it’s something I didn’t already know. So it’s probably time that I suck it up and just accept that I’m the one choosing to be here. I DO want this. I’m just terrified of it. I let my breath out and force myself to relax as I keep reading. 
“You already know that you have inspired some ideas for my study and that the thought of making you too embarrassed to enter the kitchen for a month thrills me. I can’t get the image. of you 
in the shower out of my head ever since you first walked out in front of me wearing that towel and taking care of you in the bath was the best kind of torment. 
I broke the night of my sister’s engagement party. You were devastating in that dress and I desperately wanted to keep you on my arm and show you off in front of everyone. Keeping control of myself when you were drunk and wearing my shirt might be the most difficult thing I have ever done and I still dream about how you felt on top of me. The only thing that made it bearable to hold back was remembering how peaceful I feel when you sleep in my arms and the knowledge that if I screw up I could lose that. It’s important that you understand that I want you. More than almost anything. I say almost because there are things. that I want more than getting more physical with you. I want you to work with me every day and I want to be officially mated to 
you and be able to tell anyone who asks. I want you by my side wherever I choose to travel. I want to spend evenings relaxing with you in your friend’s bar. I want to dance with you at Megan and Darrien’s wedding and I want to put a ring on your finger at our own. I want to build a life together and have a family together. I want to fight with you and make up with you. Soothe you when you’re jealous even though we know I’ll enjoy it a little bit too much and that will probably irritate you. 
I know I began writing this because you said you wanted to know my ‘fantasies‘, the things that I’ve dreamed about. But more than anything else, I dream about you. Having all of you, the good and the bad. Of loving you and above all of having you love me back. I know that you’re probably not ready to hear this. I’m writing it down because I don’t know what else to do, how far I can push. So this letter is me putting the choice in your hands. I’m all in, I’ve always been all in. I will take as much or as little as you are willing to give me. I don’t know 
1/4 
220- Letters and letting go 
when you’ll read this and I don’t know how you will react. I take comfort in the bracelet you made me. It is the most perfect gift you could have chosen and I will cherish it, and if you’ll let me, you, forever. 
I love you. 
was. 
I collapse back into the pillows. That was… not what I expected. But at the same time it There is nothing in his letter that I didn’t already know. But also… there’s nothing on that page that I don’t want. Actually it sounds perfect. Impossibly perfect. Can I really have that? It sounds like a dream. Like a fantasy life that I would read about or see on TV but that no one ever actually has. Except… I do have it or I could. The only person who is making a big deal out of anything, holding back or making things awkward is me. These last few months, even when everything was going wrong, I’ve been happier than I ever have before. The only time I was completely miserable and alone was when I was staying away from Bellamy and even then… I’m lying to myself when I say I was completely alone. I had Maggie and Logan. Megan was there for me. Not to mention Aaron, Darrien and Shaun. Actually, even Amber. There is no way there were actually that many free shifts at Borderline and she had to be rigging the schedule for me to get that much extra work. Then there was Harry who turned up the minute I called. No, I’m the one who was choosing to be alone. I’m the one who keeps saying I need more time or space or that I’m not ready for more. More responsibilities, more intimacy. But that’s not true. I want all those things. I’m just scared of them. If I have them then I can lose them. But it’s too late. I have them. I want them. I love them. All of them. I 
have friends, I have a family and I have Bellamy. I need to stop pretending that I don’t. I 
don’t want to lie to myself anymore. I’m ready, I have been for a while now. It’s just taken my 
head a while to catch up with my heart. 
The water turns off in the ensuite and I freeze up. It is one thing to decide I’m ready, but 
what the hell am I meant to DO about it? I have about a minute until Bellamy comes out here and I have no idea how I am supposed to act. Sure enough, the ensuite door swings open letting out a burst of humidity and Bellamy steps out with it. I am no closer to having an answer. He’s wearing loose sleeping pants and a shirt. He’s taken to dressing in the bathroom recently. Following my lead I suppose. He makes eye contact with me and I freeze up like a deer in headlights. 
“Hi.” I squeak out. Bellamy raises an eyebrow. Ugh. It took less than ten seconds for me to start acting weird. I’m such an idiot. 
2/4 
220- Letters and letting go 
“Hey.” He answers gently, taking a few slow steps over as if trying not to spook me. I’m still frozen in place. He carefully lowers himself to sit on the bed beside me and just like that I bolt upwards. I didn’t plan to, didn’t even realise I was moving until I find myself halfway across the room. Where am I even going? I freeze up again and turn back to face Bellamy. 
“Ryann, love? What’s wrong?” He’s tensed up and I can tell he wants to come and comfort. me. But he stays where he is. I guess me running away from him was probably a bit of a prompt for him to keep his distance. Ugh but I don’t WANT him to keep his distance. But saying the words… oh yeah I feel sick at the thought. Can’t he just figure it out? He’s usually so good at knowing what it is I want. He sits forward on the bed, leaning towards me as much as he can without actually coming closer then he pauses. I hear a rustle of paper and he pulls out his letter from where he was partially sitting on it. He knows what it is at a glance and when he looks back at me there’s understanding in his eyes. Ah, okay. Well at least he knows why I’m having a bit of a freak out. 
“Sweetheart, tell me what you’re thinking.” He says gently. I just stare. I need to tell him. Just 
tell him. 
“Tell me what you need then.” He continues. 
“Do you need space? Do you want me to leave?” He asks softly. That gets me, I finally find my 
words. 
“No! I don’t want that.” I insist quickly. I need him to understand but I don’t know how to 
it. How to tell him what I want. 
say 
“Just be honest Ry. Just tell me what you’re thinking.” He is almost pleading. 
“I’m thinking… I’m thinking that… I love you.” I stammer out. Bellamy is up on his feet and pulling me into his arms before I can so much as blink. 
###Chapter 221
Strings of Fate 
221- Endings and everything 
Bellamy kisses me, then kisses me again until my knees go weak. When they start to buckle he slips his arms around my waist, lifts me up and steps backwards until he reaches the bed where he sits down pulling me into his lap. Then he kisses me again. We stay like that, kissing and holding each other for who knows how long until we pause to breathe. I’m panting collapsed against him with my head on his shoulder when I realise that despite everything, Bellamy is definitely holding back. His hands are both still respectfully above my clothing and haven’t moved from my waist and back. I’m sitting sideways over his lap but our hips have enough space between them that I can tell he is working to keep things relatively tame. Damnit. I shouldn’t have bolted earlier when he sat next to me. He might have understood why I was freaking out but he didn’t understand my actual answer. He doesn’t notice my distraction and turns his head to run his lips gently over my neck, then up my jaw until they meet mine again. No, wait. I need to actually tell him what I want, I need him to understand, and in order to do that… I NEED to stop kissing him. I pull away with a groan and Bellamy loosens his grip on my waist so that I can lean away. He sighs but smiles at me, accepting that, once again, I’m putting a stop to things. Yeah, he really didn’t get the point I was trying to make. 
“Wait a second.” I tell him. He nods and adjusts his hands, clearly about to move me off his lap to give us more space. I throw my hands around his neck and hold on tight. 
“I said wait, not move. Just give me a second, please?” I say quietly, still a little breathless. 
“Whatever you need.” He answers, just as softly. I can feel his breath on my neck. We stay like. that as I wait for my heart rate to slow. It’s really hard to stay anxious when I can feel his arms around me and feel his heart beating next to mine. His heart is going fast too, I’m not the only one who is affected by the contact. But like mine, his heart begins to slow down as he relaxes. I wait until we both reach a reasonable point of calm, then I pull away so that I can see his eyes. I feel a lot more confident now, I don’t know what it is. Maybe just that he gave me time to calm down. He helps me be calm, even if he is half of what works me up 
sometimes. 
“I need to tell you something.” I say slowly. He nods. 
“Is this about the note I wrote you? You read it… didn’t you?” He actually sounds nervous. I 
nod. 
1/4 
221- Endings and everything 
“Yes. Sort of. I haven’t had time to think through what I want to say, so I’ll probably screw this up. But I’m going to try. So here it goes. My whole life, I wanted a family. Having people. who care about when I get home and how my day went has always been my personal crazy, impossible dream. Then I got one. You gave me one and this whole time I’ve been anxious and stressed out which is stupid because I have everything I’ve ever wanted and I couldn’t bring myself to believe I would get to keep it. I was talking with Aaron about my magic and I’ve realised that I’ve been able to change my threads this whole time and now that I can it on purpose… I’ve still never even considered changing ours. Because I want it. I don’t just want a family. I want this family and I don’t just want a partner, I want you.” Bellamy is staring at me in a combination of what looks like disbelief and awe. 
“Ryann… I–1…” He seems stumped for words. Huh, is this what it feels like for him when I’m stammering things out all of the time? I decide to push forward. I don’t want to have to have this conversation a second time because he doesn’t know what I want. I’m here, I’m doing it, I’m already bright red and completely embarrassed. Might as well follow through with it. 
“About Kiara.” I start. Bellamy blinks in confusion. 
“What about her?” he asks. 
“I don’t want her to ever feel like she doesn’t have a family. I want us to take care of her 
properly.” I tell him. He nods. 
“Of course, that was always the plan.” he agrees. 
“No, I mean I want us to be a proper family.” I tell him, ugh I don’t know how to say this. He 
nods. 
“Yes, of course.” he agrees easily again. Ugh why is this so HARD? I groan in frustration. 
“No, I mean I don’t want us to be a secret family. I don’t want anyone to be confused or 
unsure when they look at us. I want everyone to know that… I’m a part of this family too. That I belong here… With you.” I force the words out. Bellamy studies me a moment then it’s like my words sink in and he realises what I’m trying to say. He straightens up and his mouth. 
lifts into a smile. 
“You mean… You want to tell everyone, the Shifters, the other Alphas? I don’t want to talk 
2/4 
221- Endings and everything 
you out of it or anything but I need to be sure. You can’t take it back once you’ve told them.” He points out. The hope in his eyes makes my answer easy. 
I won’t want to take it back. I’ve decided. This is my family, you are mine and I want everyone to know it.” I declare proudly. In a heartbeat I’m plastered against him as he pulls. me in tight and kisses me hard. There is no hesitation in this kiss and I can’t help but laugh. as he collapses backwards onto the mattress with me sprawled on top of him. 
“You have no idea how happy you’ve just made me.” He says. I can hear that deep purring sound vibrating from his chest and he has a grin plastered to his face. 
“Should we go tell people now?” He asks. I shrug. I don’t really want to move. I’m comfortable and happy where I am. I stroke a hand over his chest as I relax on top of him. 
“I don’t know. People are probably sleeping and I was kind of looking forward to spending some time with you.” I say pointedly. Bellamy tenses for half a second, then relaxes again. I squeal and giggle as he rolls us over so that he is leaning over me. 
“Is that right?” he murmurs, kissing me softly. I nod against him. 
“Uhuh. I want everything 
face. 
With you.” I tell him awkwardly. He sits up a little and checks my 
“Everything?” He asks, an eyebrow raised. I am probably as red as a stop sign, but for once 
that’s not the signal I want to give. 
“Yes.” I squeak out. He leans down and kisses me until I can’t see straight. 
“You’re mine.” He practically growls out the words. 
“Yes.” I answer breathlessly. 
“My mate.” He says, kissing his way down my neck. 
“Yes.” I answer again. 
“We will announce it properly, tell everyone in the morning.” He states and I just nod 
3/4 
221- Endings and everything 
helplessly. 
“Yes.” 
I’m a little confused when he backs up, just enough to give me space and see my face clearly. 
“You’re being so agreeable. Does this mean you will continue to say yes and not just run away if I were to ask you to marry me?” My eyes widen. 
“Y–yes.” I stammer out. This time his eyes are as wide as mine. 
“Marry me, please marry me!” He says immediately. It sounds like a demand but I know it’s not. This time I’m smiling as I answer. 
“Yes.” Bellamy is as thrilled as I feel right now and as he pulls me close again I know he is. about to prove it in every way. This is my life now and there is nowhere else I would rather 
be. 
This is the end of Ryann’s POV however stay tuned for bonus chapters from Bellamy’s POV as well as Megan and Darrien’s, not to mention chapters about how Aaron spends his free time and of course, Harrison’s attempts to woo a certain bartender!** 
###Chapter 222
Strings of Fate 
Bellamy 1- Scents and stalking 
My sister is getting married. She told me over an hour ago, hugging me and bouncing around in excitement. I did my best to appear supportive but I really didn’t see this coming. Marriage? I don’t have a problem with my sister getting married in theory but I always thought I would at least like the guy. I imagined that we could get drinks sometime or at least have a conversation more than hello and goodbye. But no. I know this is her choice, but Tristain is so… dull. He’s like a fake person. I never imagined them getting married because I assumed she would get bored of him and end it. But maybe he’s different around her? Ugh I need a drink. Megan went up to bed, something about needing plenty of beauty sleep to start 
this whole wedding is going to 
planning her big engagement party. Why do I get the feelin 
be a complete nightmare for me? Actually, a drink is not going to cut it. I need to run. I exit. my study and head for the front door. I don’t bother with shoes, I’ll shift as soon as I’m outside. I’m reaching for the door handle when something makes me pause. What is that scent? It’s subtle, but whatever it is, it smells AMAZING. A quick look around tells me that the smell is coming from Megan’s handbag. Did she get a new perfume or something? I could 
ask her tomorrow but… I don’t think I’ll be able to get it out of my mind. I could just check, I 
know it’s a jerk move to go through a woman’s bag, but I’m sure she would forgive me. 
Probably. 
I ignore the nagging guilty feeling I get while rifling through my sister’s bag. I try to avoid touching or moving anything. Luckily, the source of the smell is right at the top of the bag. A folded scrap of paper. Huh, why would that smell so good? Maybe it’s a sample of something? Although I usually dislike perfumes, they’re too strong and tend to smell like chemicals. I 
take the paper and after a moment’s hesitation, unfold it. 
*You don’t know me, and I’m sorry that I can’t explain this properly in a note. You should know that the man who just proposed to you is not the right man for you and while it may be unpleasant to hear, I thought I should tell you now in an attempt to spare you more pain in the future. One day I hope to explain myself properly but for now this is all I can do. 
I am truly sorry. 
R.G.” 
What the hell? Who is R.G? Whoever they are, I need to speak with them, or her I would guess from the scent of the note. The scent is appealing, and also decidedly feminine, at least 
1/4 
Bellamy 1- Scents and stalking 
to me it is. Either way, finally someone else is suspicious of Tristain. More than suspicious, certain that he is not right for my sister. This is the confirmation I needed. Megan should not marry Tristain and I need to tell her. But… she isn’t going to want to hear it. I can’t even tell her WHY I don’t like him. Maybe this R.G. Person knows something or saw something. I mean she seems pretty positive that he isn’t right, she must have a reason for that. Right? I’m up for the rest of the night trying to work out who this R.G. Person is. I doubt it’s anyone I know, I would recognise the scent. Maybe one of Megan’s classmates? The scent on the note isn’t strong enough for me to be sure, but I’m pretty sure the person isn’t a Shifter. I examine the note for the tenth time, hoping some clue to R.G.s identity will magically appear. No such luck, although… Now that I think about it, there is something I didn’t notice before. The note. smells like dinner. I couldn’t say what exactly, but underneath the amazing smell is hints of food. Roasted meat maybe? Oh I’m an idiot. Whoever wrote the note knows that Megan is engaged, she only got engaged last night! It had to be someone at the restaurant. A glance at the window tells me that I’ve been staring at this note all night. No point giving up now. I fetch some shoes and after stealing a look at the receipt hanging from my sister’s bag (she is always the one who pays I’m sure of it) I make my way to the restaurant. 
I don’t even need to go inside. Despite all the other scents and sounds of the busy restaurant, I can smell the same scent as what is on the note immediately. It’s almost too easy. I luck out again when I realise that whoever R.G. Is, they did not get in a vehicle, they must have walked home. I eagerly follow the scent, trying not to feel weird about the fact that I’m essentially stalking someone I haven’t even met. But I’m doing this for Megan. Besides, R.G. Wrote in the note that they (she?) wants to explain herself better one day. Doesn’t that suggest that she wants to be contacted? I arrive at an apartment building. It’s not big by anyone’s standards. and it is clearly old, but it looks well cared for. No peeling paint or graffiti. There is no lift and I follow the scent up the stairs until I stop at a door. The scent is so strong here and still just as pleasant. Well, here goes nothing. I knock on the door, then I wait. Aaaaand nothing. Maybe there’s no one home?I could wait, but I really don’t want to have to. I try knocking again. Much louder this time. Just to be sure. I hear muffled footsteps on the other side of the door and a woman’s voice grumbling. 
“I’m COMING, chill out already would you.” I stop knocking and wait, admittedly kind of impatiently. The door swings open a few moments later and I am bombarded with the woman’s scent. I cross my arms over my chest to resist the strange impulse to grab the woman and pull her close so I can confirm that scent really is coming from her. The woman is average height, so short by Shifter standards and has long, dark hair hanging messily down her back. She is wearing pyjamas with unicorns on them and fuzzy bunny slippers? I have to suppress a smile. I don’t want her to think I’m laughing at her but she looks so adorable. I 
2/4 
Bellamy 1- Scents and stalking 
catch a glance of her eyes and I am stunned by how unusual they are. They’re pale, so pale you can barely see the iris. Odd, but not unappealing. I am immediately attracted to this woman and I have no idea what to do about it. She’s not a Shifter so she probably doesn’t even know who I am. She smells human. Oh shit, how long have I been standing here staring at her? Actually, I’m not the only one staring. The woman is staring at me with wide eyes. You would think she was staring at some strange zoo animal, not an actual person. Great, she’s probably one of those humans who hates Shifters and considers us lesser because we occasionally have fur. Well there goes that attraction. Mostly at least. I mean she still smells amazing. I just need to remind myself that she isn’t a nice person. I will just be Megan’s brother looking for information. I don’t need to be her friend. I’m so caught up in my own thoughts that I almost miss when she speaks. 
“Um, good morning?” She greets me. She looks uncomfortable. Good, I shouldn’t be the only one feeling discomfort. 
“Are you R.G?” I demand. 
“Excuse me?” She asks, she seems a little dazed. I roll my eyes. I think the question was fairly 
clear. 
“Are you being deliberately stupid or are you really this slow? Are you the R.G who wrote this. note to my twin sister Megan?” I demand again, this time waving the note in front of her. It stop immediately when I see her flinch back as it comes a little too close. Oops. I don’t have to be nice, but I do still need her to talk to me. 
“Oh, that. Um… yes? My name is Ryann Gale.” She introduces herself. Ryann. Huh, the name suits her I think. I consider giving her my title, but no. I’m not here as an Alpha, I’m here as Megan’s brother. Besides, if she really does hate Shifters I doubt telling her my title will actually help me learn anything. 
“I’m Bellamy Kane. We need to talk.” 
+ 
###Chapter 223
Bellamy 2- Meeting and magic 
I know it’s a jerk move but I can’t risk her refusing, this is too important. So I barge my way into her home and try not to grin at the way she glares at me. It’s cute and completely non- threatening. 
“What are you doing? This is my home, you can’t just let yourself in!” She s, I turn and go to give her a dominating stare. Sure enough, she looks away immediately. Yeah that’s about what I expected. A glance around her home doesn’t tell me a lot about her. The place is pretty empty. There is a tv, a couch, a small but tidy kitchen and a dining table that seats two. A door at the far end of the room must lead to her bedroom. I have a strange desire to see behind that door. Are there more personal items inside? Something that might tell me more about this woman. I return my focus to Ryann. I need to talk to her but I feel strange standing here. I remember the little dining table. Perfect, I point at it. 
“Sit.” I tell her. To my surprise she glares at me. Perhaps she isn’t so meek after all. Her next 
words confirm it. 
“Mr Kane, you can’t just barge your way into my home and order me around.” She says angrily. I can’t help but roll my eyes again. Is she trying to be intimidating? Because it is not working. Not at all. I force sarcasm into my tone. I don’t want her to see how amusing I find 
her. 
“Would you rather I phrase my demand sweeter, and have no doubt this is a demand not a request. Miss Gale, would you be so gracious as to take a seat so that I can speak to you. properly about the rather vague note you left for my sister last night.” I watch as an array of emotions fly across her face. Irritation, curiosity, even a little sadness. To my relief, she sits down. I don’t actually know what I would do if she refuses to speak with me. I can’t exactly 
force her. 
“Are you happy now?” She gestures for me to take the remaining seat. 
“Why did you leave my sister that note?” I ask. She shrugs, SHRUGS. Like it isn’t important. Luckily she continues or I’m fairly sure the sarcastic thoughts passing through my mind would escape and she would never talk to me. I’m not used to people arguing with me, or glaring at me to be honest. 
1/4 
Bellamy 2- Meeting and magic 
“I saw that man, Tristan was it? Propose to her. I know it’s not right so I wrote her a note.” She explains. Well that answer was as clear as mud. I narrow my eyes suspiciously. What isn’t she saying? 
“And how did you ‘know it’s not right?” I know it’s immature but I can’t help it. I speak in a silly high–pitched falsetto. I expect her to get angry, but she just sighs like she was expecting 
iL. 
“I know it’s not right because of my magic.” She answers calmly. What does that even mean? Humans rarely have magic. She doesn’t smell like a Witch. I lean in a little, looking for hints. of magic in her scent. It actually pisses me off that she smells so good. It’s distracting. 
“But you’re human. You smell human.” I point out. She just raises an eyebrow and snaps at 
me.. 
“Stop sniffing at me, and I’m not human.” She insists. Is she trying to lie to me? That’s just insulting. I cross my arms over my chest defensively. 
“Then what are you?” I demand. She does it again. Just SHRUGS like it’s no big deal. 
“Beats me, if you can figure it out let me know.” I say casually. Wait what? She doesn’t know? But everyone knows what they are. It’s practically impossible not to. We all get tested at birth and marked. It helps avoid medical mistakes and accidental deaths when doctors actually know what people are. I can’t help but ask again.. 
“You are an unknown Magic?” I can barely believe it. I’ve never met someone who didn’t know their own magic. I inhale deeply again, looking for hints to her magic in her scent. This time, she’s the one who rolls her eyes and her response is sarcastic. 
“I know, I know. Big shock right? How can this be and blah blah blah. I am an orphan and even though I know my power, it doesn’t fit into any species, so I’m stuck as an unknown.” 
This is so interesting. 
“What is your power then?” The power she explains is like nothing I’ve heard of before. I can barely believe it’s true. Actually, I’m not totally sure I do. She seems sincere, but she could be lying to me. The problem is I want to believe her. Especially when she tells me why she wrote 
that note. 
2/4 
Bellamy 2- Meeting and magic 
“Tristan has a red thread but it isn’t linked to Megan. I usually try to ignore this kind of thing. Fate always sorts itself out after all. But I have a blue thread, the friendship one, linked. to Megan. If she is fated to be my friend then I don’t want her to suffer when I can prevent it.” I confirm her words and she insists they’re true. She wants to be friends with my sister? I thought she didn’t like Shifters? 
“You aren’t even a Shifter, why would fate want you to be friends with my sister?” I comment, I admit that I intend the words as a taunt. She rises to the challenge. 
“What does that have to do with anything? Everyone has a fate Mr Kane, regardless of the circumstances of their birth. When I look at someone, I see the threads of their fate, not their. species.” She looks angry again but I’m reconsidering my opinion of her. Maybe she doesn’t hate Shifters? But then why was she so weird when she answered the door? And why does it feel so wrong to hear her calling me ‘Mr Kane?” 
“Bellamy.” I tell her. She looks confused. 
“What?” She asks, 
“Call me Bellamy. Mr Kane was my father.” Okay, that’s not totally true. He was Alpha Kane and realistically, so am I. Everyone calls me Alpha Kane except Megan. Still, telling ber to use my name feels right. Thinking of my father still makes me sad. He passed away too young. I would love to hear his opinions on Tristan and actually, about Ryann too. 
“Fine. Bellamy then. You can call me Ryann.” She offers her name uncomfortably but I’m glad she does because I have been calling her Ryann in my head this whole time and I am sure to 
slip and use it sooner rather than later. I can’t help but take deep breaths to inhale more of her scent. I try not to be too obvious about it. She smells… anxious mostly. Well now I feel 
kind of bad. Did I overreact? 
“Well Bellamy, now I have some questions for you.” She says primly, interrupting my thoughts. Wait what? I came here to get answers, not give them. She can’t just demand answers from me like… well… like I did. Damnit. 
“Wow, calm down would you. I’m not asking anything difficult, at least it shouldn’t be.” She complains and hesitantly, I nod for her to continue. 
###Chapter 224
Bellamy 3- Shoes and shock 
“Well, first I really would like to know how you found me. I didn’t even put my full name on 
the note, and you didn’t know it until I told you, so I doubt you got my details from anyone at Borderline.” Ryann reasons. Actually, I probably could have gotten the answer, the owner owes me a favour and my company manages a lot of his businesses‘ security. Still, I suppose it is a fair question. I was concerned myself at how stalkerish my behaviour might seem. I shrug 
since she seems so fond of the gesture. 
“Your scent was all over the note. I assumed that it was placed in my sister’s bag at the restaurant since that’s the only place she went that evening, so I went there. It didn’t take me long to find you from there. Your scent was… exceptionally easy to follow.” Seriously, I don’t think I’ve ever tracked someone so easily. Not that I track people often. But either way it was strangely simple to follow her home. 
“Maybe it’s because I walked home barefoot.” She comments casually. Yeah that would explain it. Except… Did she say she walked home without shoes? 
“Barefoot? Why would you do that?” She points to a pair of black high heeled shoes that have 
been abandoned by the front door. 
“Because those shoes are evil and I am pretty sure they were biting my feet off or something. Sadly, they are part of my uniform at work.” She sounds disgusted, I raise an eyebrow. That seems a little dramatic, they’re just shoes. My sister wears them often enough and she doesn’t usually complain about them. 
“Biting your feet off? Surely they can’t be THAT bad…” I trail off then stare in horror as she lifts her foot to show me. The entire back of her foot is torn up with half healed blisters and fresh ones. It looks super painful. All that from a pair of SHOES? I actually feel sick thinking 
about it. 
“They are definitely that bad.” I don’t think. I grab her foot and pull it closer so I can examine it properly. Do these need treating? What if they get infected? Maybe I should call Dr Dae and- oh. What the hell am I doing? I drop Ryann’s foot and awkwardly try to act normal as she pulls her slipper back on. Thankfully, she doesn’t bring it up because I really don’t have an explanation for my behaviour. She changes the topic and is almost shy when she asks. I can scent a tang of fear on her and I find I don’t like it. 
1/4 
Bellamy 3- Shoes and shock 
“… how did your sister react when she saw the note?” Oh. I stare at the floor as I answer. 
“She hasn’t actually seen it. I scented something different in her purse, you I suppose, and I took it before she saw. She was excited and didn’t seem to notice it.” I tell her guiltily. 
“I’m surprised you took the effort to track me down.” She comments. Ouch, what kind of a brother does she think I am? 
“She’s my sister, I had to know if there was anything to the note. Besides…” I hesitate before sharing my fears, but this conversation will go more smoothly if I do. 
“I’m not too sure about Tristan. I’ve never really bonded with him.” The look she gives me tells me that she can read between the lines. She opens her mouth, probably to call me out on it when a clattering at the open front door gets my attention. I was so caught up in Ryann I didn’t even notice anyone approaching. That is completely unacceptable. I jump to my feet, instinctively placing myself between Ryann and the potential threat. Huh. 
The man at the door is pathetic and Ryann doesn’t seem fond of him. An opinion I share when the first thing that comes out of his mouth is disgust. 
“A Shifter?” he bites out, staring at the mark on my arm. 
“I thought you were such a nice girl Ryann, I hope you don’t intend to have Shifters coming at all hours in my building.” He snaps at her. What an ass, I take a step closer, I don’t like how he is talking to Ryann. She moves between us both and I hate it. 
“Bellamy, ignore my neighbour. It seems he has poor manners. Paul, get out of MY apartment. This building belongs to Maggie, not you and there is no reason why I can’t invite whoever I please.” Her words are firm. Yeah okay, I probably misjudged her. I don’t think she hates Shifters, at least not compared to this guy. Maybe she just doesn’t like strange men knocking on her door. I certainly wouldn’t, especially not with neighbours like this. 
“Well sorry for coming to check on you after this brute almost knocked your door down. I could hear it from downstairs. Magics really all act like rules don’t apply to them, don’t they?” he directs the last statement towards me. I was NOT knocking that hard. What a drama 
queen. 
This is who she chooses to live near? 
2/4 
Bellamy 3- Shoes and shock 
Wordlessly, Ryann pushes the sleeve of her pyjamas up to reveal the edge of the mark that proves she is indeed a Magic. The asshole human’s expression darkens. 
“What the hell? Maggie promised that everyone in this building was safe. I guess a little old lady is pretty easy to fool huh?” Something about that statement triggers Ryann. In a flash, she is in his face and her hand flies, slapping the man hard across the face. The man swears and raises his hand. Oh not on my watch. I step forward and catch his wrist. I hold it maybe a little tighter than is needed but I have a point to make. This man needs to leave. Actually, he needs to move. I don’t want him living near Ryann. He’s a threat to her and I won’t stand for 
it. She might have made the first blow but he was asking for it. 
“Get out. Never speak with Ryann again. I suggest you look into finding other 
accommodations since you are so against the presence of Magics.” I stare him down and like most people, he folds underneath the stare of an Alpha. The man flees and Ryann sighs. She 
looks upset and kind of guilty. 
“I shouldn’t have done that. He didn’t need to know that I’m a Magic. Now Maggie is going to 
have to get a new resident for the second floor again. She did warn me that he didn’t seem 
terribly open minded.” She grumbles. I watch her closely, trying to figure out what to do. I don’t regret my actions, but she clearly does. My gaze catches on the bit of marking visible 
on her arm. 
“The guy deserved what he got.” I tell her, trying to reassure her. She doesn’t seem pleased. Actually she looks annoyed and she drags her sleeve down, tugging it as low as it will go 
while glaring at me. 
“Was there anything else you needed?” She demands. Wait what? Does she not want to talk 
about what just happened? She is clearly upset. 
“Was there anything else you needed from me? Because if there isn’t then I have things to do and would appreciate it if you would just leave already.” She seems eager for me to leave. I’m reluctant, I kind of want to stay but I don’t know that I actually have a reason to. Wait, I should get her phone number. She might be able to help me deal with Tristain. I’m about to 
say as much when she cuts me off. She touches my arm and I almost jump out of my skin. She tugs me towards the door and I let her. What is she doing? Suddenly I’m on the front 
porch and she is standing inside blocking the doorway. 
3/4 
Bellamy 3- Shoes and shock 
“I think we’re done here. I can’t deal with you right now, so it is time for you to leave.” She orders. Wait, no, I’m not done yet! She doesn’t wait for me to answer. 
“Have a nice day Bellamy. I’m fated to be friends with your sister so I’m sure I’ll see you around. Bye.” She closes the door in my face and I am stunned. Did she just kick me out? Why didn’t I even try to stop her? I didn’t even get her phone number! I knock on the door again. 
“Ryann! Open the door, I’m not done talking to you.” I shout, unsure how good her hearing is. 
“Well I AM done talking to you. Go away Bellamy.” She yells back. Ugh damnit. That did not go well. I’ll have to try again later. It won’t be hard. I know where she lives and works. Oh shit I really do sound like a stalker. It’s enough to make me decide to leave her be for now. Still, I want her to know we aren’t finished. 
“We aren’t done here. You will talk to me, and soon.” 
POST COMMENT 
Chapter Comments 
Lis Olsb?k 
I love this story so much. But dear author, is this going to be the whole story again, from Belamys POV? 
VIEW 1 COMMENT > 
? 7 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 225
Bellamy 4- Waiting and wanting 
I leave Ryann alone for two days before I lose my patience. I use that time to look up anything I can about her. I make use of my authority as Alpha and convince the Magic Registration Office to show me her file and, as she said, her magic is recorded as ‘unknown.” Damn, so she wasn’t lying about that at least. For some reason I’m happy about that. Probably because it means she really might be useful to me for helping get rid of Tristan. Although I can’t deny there is a small part of me that just kind of wants to see her again. Probably just because she smells good. I barely know her, why would I care if I see her again?I decide that this time, Ryann needs to come to me. If only because she can’t kick me out of my own office at least. I send Shaun and Aaron to pick her up from work. Shaun because he’s charming and friendly enough that he might be able to set her at ease, and Aaron because he’s intimidating so it should prevent her from kicking up a fuss. Also, because he’s so quiet that at least I know there will be one person who isn’t gossiping about her. Although that might be a pointless hope since I am sending Shaun. Maybe that was a mistake now that I 
think about it. I should have sent Aaron alone…. Shit. 
It takes less than an hour for them to return with Ryann. I’m just finishing up a phone call. I WANT to believe in Ryann’s abilities, but I think I would like a little proof. Hopefully the test I’ve arranged for her will satisfy my suspicious nature. 
“I need to go.” I hang up and stand up to greet her. I’m oddly a little nervous. 
“Alpha Kane. We have bought Ryann Gale here, as you requested.” Shaun says cheerfully. I’m not sure he knows how to be anything other than cheerful actually. I examine Ryann. She hides it well, but she can’t hide the flash of horror that passes over her face. Clearly she hadn’t figured out exactly who she was coming to see, although I have to say I’m a little offended. I know our first meeting wasn’t that great, but is it really THAT bad seeing me 
again? I was kind of looking forward to seeing her. Her face is bank for a moment as she works to hide her emotions, but it doesn’t last and eventually settles on a slightly irritated scowl. She narrows her eyes at me, places her hands on her hips and stares at me. I have to work not to laugh. I think she is trying to look intimidating but she’s too sweet looking for it to really have any impact. 
“Thank you Shaun, Aaron. You may leave.” They nod and quickly follow my orders, although I notice a curious glance from Shaun on the way out. Damnit. I offer Ryann a seat but she 
refuses. 
1/3 
Bellamy 4- Waiting and wanting 
“I would rather stand.” Her voice sounds a little strangled. Yeah she is not happy with me. It want her to be comfortable so I do my best to appear relaxed and lean on the corner of my desk. Since it seems like she isn’t going to ask why she’s here I suppose I’ll just have to tell 
her. 
“I have decided that if you really have the power you claim to have, then I should use it. You will spend some time and confirm the relationship, threads you called them? Between my sister and Tristan. If it is true that he has another soul mate then you will help me locate and identify this person.” I feel like what I want is very reasonable. I already know that she has a vested interest in helping Megan so there is no reason why she would refuse. But she is staring at me like I’ve grown two heads. 
“No.” Is all she says. What the hell? I make eye contact and glare at her. Does she have a better plan? All she did was write a weird note! I’m giving her a chance to get to know my 
sister. Isn’t that what she wanted? 
“No?” I repeat, my words a question. 
“Exactly. No.” She responds. Suddenly it’s like she explodes and just can’t hold her silence. 
anymore. 
“Why on Earth would I do anything you tell me to do? You’re ordering me around like I should care about what you think. No. I have no intention of listening to anything you have to say. You show up at my home and invite yourself in. Then, when I tell you to leave, you yell at me, and now you have basically kidnapped me! I was at work. I am probably going to lose my job now because I left early. What gives you the right to do any of this?” She demands. I glare. What gives me the right? I’m the Alpha! It’s my job to protect all my Shifters, especially my own sister. I’m just doing what I have to do. It wouldn’t have been necessary if she hadn’t been so difficult in the first place! It’s like she has no idea who I am. 
“I am the Alpha here and leading people is my job.” I clarify. SHE ROLLS HER EYES AT ME?! 
“You aren’t my Alpha and you’re definitely no leader. You’re only a leader if people choose to follow you, I had no choice in coming here. That makes you less of a leader and more of an asshole.” That’s just unfair. Did she not see how easily Aaron and Shaun obeyed me? I couldn’t be Alpha if my Shifters didn’t respect me. I might be young but I’ve been managing, even if it’s not going as smoothly as the other Alphas might hope. They’re just old jerks who 
2/3 
Bellamy 4- Waiting and wanting 
think I need a mate in order to do my job. I mean, I probably need a bit of help every now and then, but Megan has been covering it and we can make do. She has no idea how hard I work to be a good leader! I push off the desk and step closer to her so I can glare at her. I 
have to work not to be distracted by her scent when I stand this close. 
“You didn’t exactly leave me any choice. You refused to speak to me when I was at your house.” I point out, annoyed. 
“Because you pushed your way in and demanded my time. Did it never occur to you to ASK me, or maybe invite me to meet up with you? If you recall I got myself into this mess because I want to protect your sister. I’m not going to suddenly abandon that. I am perfectly willing to help your sister. What I am not willing to do is run around after you and obey your every order like some kind of pet.” She snaps at me and I have to work not to flinch back. What the 
hell? 
? Why 
does it hurt so much that she thinks badly of me? I barely know her. I shouldn’t care about her opinion. I step away needing some distance and turn my back. I don’t want her to see my face. Ugh, I know why her words bother me… I begin pacing my office. They bother me because she’s right. I’m used to everyone jumping at my word. It didn’t even occur to me to just ask for her help. Barging into her home, bringing her here. It was all because I couldn’t bring myself to just ASK for her help. And now if I actually want that help I’m going to have to admit it because she has called me out and at this point I doubt that she will accept anything less. She is right that I’ve barged into her life, ordered her around and endangered her job. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
Lo 
8 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 226
Bellamy 5- Sharing and showing 
I sigh and face her again. 
“You’re right.” I mumble the words. 
“Excuse me?” She sounds incredulous. Ugh, she’s going to make me repeat it? 
“You’re right okay? I should have tried asking you first. I will try to remember to do so in the future. I have been worried about my sister and after hearing she got engaged I might have. gone a little out of control. Don’t worry about your job. I know the man who owns Borderline, I will make sure you don’t get in trouble for missing your shift today.” I take another deep breath and I’m careful with my choice of words this time. I don’t like having to ask for help. 
“I am hoping that you will agree to help me protect my sister by further investigating Tristan.” Ryann raises an eyebrow at me. 
“I thought you didn’t really believe in my power?” I shrug. 
“I’m not sure I do. Maybe it is just because you seem to be the only other person around here who is suspicious of Tristan, but I find I really want to trust you.” At least that’s what I’ve been telling myself. 
“So you have decided you do believe me?” She asks. I shrug and tell her about the test I have planned to confirm her abilities. It shouldn’t be difficult, but she looks unsure. 
“I don’t know about this. I usually try to avoid sharing what I see. It seems a bit like a violation of privacy to share what threads I can see on people.” Huh, I hadn’t considered that. It’s actually kind of decent of her. I probably wouldn’t want my personal business shared with anyone who asks. But still, I need to know. 
“Perhaps, but I can think of no other way to be sure.” She considers my words, her brow furrowing. 
“I will tell you, but I have a few conditions. First, you can’t share the information I tell not even with the people themselves. Fate knows what it’s doing. I don’t need anyone 
you, 
1/5 
Bellamy 5- Sharing and showing 
interfering with it.” I nod my acceptance. 
“I can agree to that. What else?” 
“Second. I won’t tell you anything about your own threads, not unless I feel you really need to know. Most of the time you are better off not knowing.” Oh. I mean, I hadn’t really considered asking about my own threads. But it could be helpful. If she could find my mate for me the other Alphas would finally back off. but I can understand her reluctance. Maybe I can change her mind later. I nod slowly. 
“Fine. Anything else?” he asks. She seems surprised that I agreed but nods that she isn’t done 
with her conditions. 
“One more thing. If I do tell you about someone’s threads. I need you to promise you will try your best not to judge them. No one is perfect and sometimes the threads get tangled and mixed up and will take time to sort themselves out. It is easy to be frustrated with people when you feel they are making the wrong decisions, but you have to remember they don’t know. Do you understand?” 
“I understand. I can’t judge anyone anyway. It’s not like I have my life all figured out.” She 
nods firmly. 
“Okay, I’ll do your test then.” She finally agrees. 
I can’t help but grin at her reluctance. 
“Excellent. If you will follow me then.” I instinctively offer an arm to her and I’m almost surprised at my own actions. Offering to escort and protect her like I would a female Shifter isn’t like me. But it feels right. She hesitates a moment then takes my arm and I’m ridiculously pleased. Her hand is warm on my arm and rests there lightly. I lead her outside. to where I have arranged for a group of Shifters who live in the compound to wait. They have no idea what they’re actually here for, but they’ve agreed to spare me a few minutes either 
way. 
“I was confident you would agree, so here they are.“I can’t help but brag a little bit that I still ended up getting exactly what I hoped for, although I suppose she did win a few battles in making me ask for her help. I can tell that she thinks so too because of how she rolls her eyes 
2/5 
Bellamy 5- Sharing and showing 
dramatically. 
“You didn’t plan to give me much choice so it’s not a surprise. Just pick someone.” She grumbles. Now I want to roll my eyes although I resist. I suspect that no one could make this woman do anything if she didn’t want to. I ask her a series of questions about the relationships between those present. She answers them easily and even provides more information than I asked for. Finally, I have one last test, this one might be a little unfair but 
1 need to be certain. 
“Okay, one more.” I point out old Beth. Her mate passed away a few months ago, so I don’t expect much. Rather than answer me, Ryann just starts walking. At first I think she’s avoiding. the question but then I realise she has a destination in mind. We make our way to the small cemetery that we keep and she stops in front of the most recent tombstone, kneels in front of it and runs her hands over it. Oh shit, is she crying? I didn’t mean to make her cry! I have no idea what to say or how to make this better. So I just stay silent and let her express herself. Eventually she breathes a deep sigh then gets to her feet and faces me, wiping tears on her sleeve. She crosses her arms over her chest and gives me a watery eyed glare. 
“Are you satisfied?” She demands, clearly upset. 
“I… I didn’t think you would see anything for her. I expected you to say you couldn’t answer.” Except I’m remembering that she said something about seeing the threads after death when we first met. I thought that she was being dramatic. Can she really see a thread still 
connecting them? 
“Will you tell me what you see?” I ask, a little unsure. I’m not totally sure I want the answer anymore, but some morbidly curious part of me needs to know. 
“The same thing I see for everyone else. There’s a red thread–connecting their hearts.” My heart races as she gently places her hand on my chest over my heart. It is only for a half second before she drops it but the feeling stays with me. 
“From right here. It never fades, as long as one of the pair is still living. It seems that fate doesn’t believe in the saying ‘until death do us part. She stares at the gravestone looking melancholy for a minute before apparently shaking off her mood and turning her attention 
back to me. 
3/5 
Bellamy 5- Sharing and showing 
“So, do you believe me now?” She asks. I nod. There’s no denying it. She answered every question right, and a few that I didn’t ask. She also managed to use the thread to navigate to find this cemetery which she couldn’t have known about. 
“Yes, definitely.” I assure her. I ask her if she is willing to hide the reason I asked her here from Megan but she seems uncomfortable with the idea. She did mention that she doesn’t like sharing information about people’s threads, how is this different? 
“You want me to hide my powers from her? I’m fated to be her friend, I’m not sure I want to do that.” Ah, she doesn’t want to build a friendship based on lies. That is fair, I don’t think I would want Megan to have a liar for a friend either. 
just 
“No, I think you should tell her about your powers, don’t tell her that you’re here to investigate her and Tristan. I don’t think it would be useful to tell everyone about your powers though, if you don’t mind.” Mostly because if all the other Alphas and Shifters knew about her abilities she would be constantly harassed to find people’s mates and to tell them if they’re dating the right person. 
“I usually prefer it that way. You’re the first person I’ve told about my magic in years actually.” Huh? Really? But she told me right away. I mean I suppose I was pretty pushy. But she could have lied or kicked me out sooner. Why didn’t she? 
“So what am I supposed to tell Megan about why I am here?” She asks. Damn, we are going to need a good reason. Something that only we would know about. Something personal but that Megan would support. An idea occurs to me, but I suspect it’s going to be embarrassing for me. Still, if it helps Megan I suppose I can deal with it. Maybe it will give me a chance to get to know Ryann a little more. Yes, I think she and I are going to be spending a lot of time together if I have any say in it. 
“Tell her you’re here to find my soul mate.” 
###Chapter 227
Bellamy 6- Flustered and flushed 
I have no idea how the hell this happened but I am furious. Five minutes ago I was sitting peacefully watching Ryann as she falls asleep in the passenger seat beside me then all of a sudden we’re attacked by Vampires. I was forced to shift and chase them off. I desperately want to go after them but I can’t leave Ryann here alone. She is sitting on the bottom stair of her building and is shaking like a leaf. I approach her hesitantly. She is clearly terrified, I don’t want to make it worse, I know that shifting scares a lot of people, even Magics. Most magic can be interpreted away as weird science or just extra abilities, but changing yourself completely into another creature that is in no way a similar sized weight or anatomy to your own? That tends to cross a line for most people, not to mention that in my case that creature is a particularly large and deadly predator. So I approach her cautiously. I need to be sure that she is uninjured. When she fought back against the Vampire holding her I swear my heart nearly stopped. I freeze as she bursts into tears. Oh shit, I am not prepared for this. I don’t know how to help someone who is crying! It’s all I can do to just stay where I am. In a jerky motion she lunges forward, For a second I think she’s about to run away or even hit me. Not an unheard of reaction even if it is kind of foolish but people do crazy things when their fight or flight responses kick in. But no, instead she buries her face against my shoulder, wraps her arm around me and sobs into my fur. She shivers against me and we stay that way for a long moment. But I need to talk to her, to find out if she is okay So I quickly shift back into my two legged self. To my astonishment she barely even reacts, Just clings to me tightly with her arms around my neck. 
“Ryann?” I ask, I’m almost nervous. I know it isn’t reasonable to pursue a friendship or anything else without ever showing my feline form, but I can’t say I wanted the introduction 
to go 
go like this! She cries harder and I immediately wrap my own arms around her and pull her into my lap. I adjust so that I’m sitting on the stair and cradling her in my arms. It takes several minutes for Ryann to calm down. I don’t love that we’re sitting exposed to attackers out here, but I’m confident in my abilities and honestly, despite her tears, I enjoy the feeling of Ryann in my arms. It’s very relaxing. All at once she pulls away from me and scrambles. back, pushing me away. Her face is pale but her cheeks are flushed and she makes a strangled sound as she moves onto the stair and wraps her arms tightly around herself in a poor imitation of the hug she just avoided. She appears to be staring at the gravel on the ground. 
“I’m going inside.” Her words come out so softly that anyone with average hearing would struggle to hear. I nod my agreement but I don’t think she sees anything. 
1/3 
Bellamy 6- Flustered and flushed 
“Wait just a moment, I’ll grab my spare clothes from the car. I’d rather if you can stay here 
where I can see you.” I think she is avoiding looking at me. The ground can’t be that interesting and she usually looks at me when she speaks, something I didn’t realise I appreciated until right now. 
I quickly dress in some spare clothes I keep in my car for emergencies exactly like this, then. return to her side. Ryann shakily gets to her feet and I instinctively reach out to steady her but before I make contact her whole body jerks away from mine. She turns away from me and begins climbing the stairs. I follow wordlessly, feeling lower than dirt. I watch as she collapses at her little dining room table and I can see how exhausted she is. I want to give her privacy but I can’t leave her alone. That attack might have been intended for me, but they used her and that is completely unacceptable. I struggle to find the right words to reassure her. 
“I will call someone to come and guard your door. I’ll leave as soon as they arrive. Just put up with me being here for a few more minutes, okay?” I don’t want to leave. I would prefer to keep an eye on her myself. I’m still amped up from the fight and my protective instincts are 
running the show. But I want her to feel safe, even if that isn’t with me. 
Unless she 
“Leave? No, please don’t leave me.” She answers so fast that I’m not sure she expected to say what she did. The red in her cheeks deepens, probably thinking that her knee jerk reaction to not be left alone was the worse alternative. I have no idea what to do to help her… 
really does want me to stay? I step closer to her, I can’t help it, I need to see her face. Her sweet scent is marred by fear and adrenaline and before I can get more than a glimpse of her eyes she drops her face to the floor again. Right, she doesn’t want me here, she still won’t even look at me. I let out a deep sigh. 
“Ryann, when I offered to protect you, that means from everything that frightens you. Myself included.” I’m reluctant to say the words, but I do mean them. Finally, her eyes dart up to meet mine and she launches herself to her feet. 
“You? Why would I be scared of you?” She demands, she‘ seems almost…Annoyed? I am at a total loss for words. Am I missing something? 
“I… it’s just… You won’t look at me. And you flinched when I tried to help. I just assumed…” I trail off not wanting to say the words. 
“Bellamy, don’t be stupid.” Ryan says bluntly and I just stare. 
2/3 
Bellamy 6- Flustered and flushed 
“We were just attacked by a group of Vampires, did you even consider that they might be the reason I’m freaked out?” She says it like it’s the only possible answer but it doesn’t make 
sense to me. I’m missing something here. 
“But… 
words’re clearly avoiding me, you won’t even look at me!” I try to put my confusion into 
Of course I’m avoiding you! I cried all over you! I’m embarrassed! And you were naked! What did you expect?” She is glaring at me and I’m just staring in shock as I reinterpret her actions 
with this new information. Nudity isn’t usually a big deal to Shifters. Sure we don’t encourage it, but it’s something that happens. It’s why we all keep a lot of spare clothing around whenever possible. Still, to hear that she isn’t afraid of me, just… embarrassed? I can’t help the small smile that escapes me. 
“If you really want me to stay then I’ll stay.” I promise, and I can’t help the thought from 
running through my head that I would stay as long as she will have me. 
Chapter Comments 
6 
POST COMMENT NOW 
###Chapter 228
Bellamy 7- Fallen and funny 
Seeing Ryann’s room for the first time is very telling. For all that she appears to live a very solitary lifestyle, her room is one of comfort. Somewhere to relax and forget her worries. Oddly it reminds me a lot of Megan’s room, and a little of mine. She glares at me thinking my smile is mocking and I rush to assure her that it’s not. This is the room of someone who wants warmth and comfort but doesn’t know where to get it. No wonder she was so eager to become friends with Megan. 
“I spoke to my sister. If you don’t . I’ll stay here tonight and in the morning we can head to the compound together. I believe you made plans to meet up with my sister?” I confirm and Ryann nods, she tilts her head curiously. 
“She didn’t think it was weird that you were only dropping me home now?” She asks. I’m actually surprised that she didn’t. My sister isn’t stupid, but she didn’t say a word about it. Her concern probably outweighed her curiosity. 
“As far as she knows, the whole point of you being around is to find a mate for me. It makes sense that we would spend some time together. Besides, I started with, Ryann and I have been attacked by Vampires. I don’t think she had much time to process anything else. Hopefully it won’t occur to her later.” I have no idea what Ryann’s plans are but she’s tired, I should let her rest. 
“If you’ll loan me a blanket and let me steal a couple of those pillows, I’ll make myself comfortable on the floor. You’re exhausted, you should get some sleep.” She refuses and to my surprise, invites me to join her on the bed to watch a movie. She insists and I don’t have it in me to argue. The show we watch is dull and my mind wanders. 
“What is it?” Ryann asks and I realise that i have been staring at her. I quickly search for a response and my eyes call on her marking. 
“I was just looking at your mark. I really haven’t seen anything like it before.” I tell her. So that’s not exactly what I was thinking, but it’s not a lie and I am curious about it. 
“I haven’t seen anyone with a mark like mine either. I’m an unknown Magic, life would certainly be easier if I could find someone else who is the same as me.” She sighs like this is something she has considered many times before and accepted reluctantly. 
1/4 
Bellamy 7- Fallen and funny 
“Can I look at it properly?” I ask. Ryann holds out her arm, seemingly comfortable beside me. 
“Go for it.” I move in closer to examine the weaving threads that have been magically tattooed onto her skin. It is very unique as far as markings go, and colourful. My own marking 
is just straight black. 
“It’s quite pretty.” I complement it and Ryann just nods. 
“Yep, I appreciate that if nothing else. There was a lot of difficulty deciding what mark I 
should have since I’m an unknown. I was taken to see an Oracle when I was young. All he 
ended up doing was drawing this pattern so this is what I ended up with.” That is strange. 
It’s not unheard of to take unidentified children to an Oracle for confirmation. But usually 
they just tell you what you are and move on. For an Oracle not to know… it wold mean that she is something that the Oracle has never heard of. That makes her very rare indeed. I’m caught up in my thoughts and don’t notice that Ryann is sitting awkwardly. 
“Okay, this show sucks. Let’s pick something different.” I honestly don’t think I saw even one 
minute of the show, but I turn my attention to it now, not wanting to be rude. I’m pleased to 
see that she has chosen a mystery show that Megan and I both love to watch. 
“Love this show.“I tell her approvingly. Ryann flicks off her lamp so that we can watch in darkness and with her at my side I can’t remember ever feeling so comfortable as I do right 
now. 
I wake to what has quickly become my favourite scent. I’m comfortable and warm and Ryann is in my arms, although she is moving around entirely too much, I tighten my hold on her and cuddle her close, making a sound of discontent that she is trying to move away from me. I force my eyes open, wanting to see her and blink against the morning light. I’m holding Ryann close to me and her beautiful, pale eyes are wide as she looks into mine. I smile at her, she really is beautiful. 
“Hey.” I greet her. Is it wrong that I want to kiss her right now? I very nearly do but she 
answers me. 
“Hey?” Ryann sounds confused and nervous, her own voice little more than a squeak of sound. Wait, what am I doing? I wasn’t meant to fall asleep in her bed. I wasn’t invited to sleep here or to hold her in my arms the way I am right now. No wonder she was trying to get 
2/4 
Bellamy 7- Fallen and funny 
away. I quickly remove my arms from her and try not to sigh as she backs away from me. We both sit up and it’s strange and quiet as we sit there. I don’t know what to say, so I just state. 
the obvious. 
“We fell asleep?” Ryann answers quickly. 
“Apparently. What time is it?” She asks. Now that I’m awake, I can feel the corner of my phone jamming into my side. I pull it out of my pocket. 
“Almost seven.” I can’t help but smile. I feel great, very well rested. Which is strange considering the evening we had and I can’t help but feel that Ryann is the one responsible for my relaxing night. I could get very used to this. 
Ryann is showering and when there is a knock at her door I answer it. I am greeted by a friendly looking elderly woman holding a plate of muffins. I am just introducing myself when Ryann pops her head out of her bedroom dorm hair dripping down her exposed shoulder. Ryann’s friend answers the question she must have asked which is a relief because I don’t know that I can drag my eyes away from her to formulate a coherent thought. 
“Good morning sweetie. I woke early and made some muffins. I thought I might bring a few up for you. For your… gentleman friend too I suppose.” Ryann looks embarrassed and looks to me for help but I have no idea what to do so I just shrug. To my shock, Ryann steps into the living room wearing only a towel. What the hell? She does realise that will not help her situation if her friend is misinterpreting this. I force myself to look up at the ceiling because I’m starting to feel like a creep with how I’m staring at her. Somehow I survive the conversation and Ryann retreats to her bedroom. But when she emerges I find I’m even more stunned than I was when she came out in a towel. She is wearing a dark blue shirt that matches her hair with a cartoon cat on the front. A black cat with golden eyes like mine. But what really blows my mind is that it has the words ‘I’m harmless I swear…‘ written below it. I raise an eyebrow in amusement. Did she wear that on purpose? A glance at her expression tells me that she did and I am elated. She really isn’t scared of me, any doubts I had about her are chased from my mind. I want Ryann Gale. She is the one for me, I can’t imagine any other future. Now I will just have to convince her of that. Still, one look at her expression. when I complement her tells me that I have a long way to go. 
###Chapter 229
Megan 1- Dancing and drama 
I know I am not the most patient person, but I can’t help but wonder how long my idiot brother is going to take before he asks Ryann to dance. He thinks he’s been playing it cool but even a blind man could see that he’s gotten attached to her, and I suspect that she likes him too. Although she is much better at hiding it. She is a strange person, Ryann. An unusual combination of reserved and bold. She fights and resists my brother like it’s easy, but then struggles to talk back or look someone in the eye when she’s uncomfortable. Still, they’re sweet together even if they have been sneaking around to spend time together since the moment we met. Bellamy courting my new friend has been entertaining to watch, although I do wonder if he’s ever going to actually admit it to her. I suspect that he thinks she already knows, but I think her confidence is so low that it won’t occur to her until he does something 
really obvious. Which brings me back to my original thought, why isn’t he asking her to dance? I picked the most perfect dress for her and she looks perfect, if a little uncomfortable 
in the clothing she isn’t used to. I watch as some of the Shifter women approach my brother and he sends them away without a care. I can’t stop an eye roll. He really can’t think he is 
being subtle… Can he? Either way, I’m done watching. Moving quickly to avoid being caught. by well–wishers, I dash through the crowd and make a beeline straight to my brother and my friend, greeting them brightly. 
“Hey! What are you both doing hiding over here? You should be dancing! Someone needs to get things started around here and Tristan is a terrible dancer.” I don’t actually care about his dancing skills, I would happily dance right now if only he would actually ASK me. But he is busy socialising and I don’t want to interrupt. Ryann laughs and blushes. 
“We aren’t hiding Megs, just sitting, and I’m perfectly happy right here.” I roll my eyes and wave as Kelly calls out to me. Clearly working on Ryann will get me nowhere, I’ll have better luck pestering Bels. I turn to face him. 
“Ask the girl to dance Bellamy Kane.” I rush away before either of them can . I chat with Kelly but I keep an eye on the two of them. I see my brother hold out a hand to Ryann and her shaking her head. I watch them bicker for a minute, then to my amusement, Bellamy steals one of her shoes and holds it in the air. The two of them are so cute together. Ryann looks annoyed, but not really upset. I think she secretly enjoys his teasing. I’m proven right when she finally lets him lead her onto the dance floor, a reluctant smile on her face. The two of them make a cute couple. I hear some of the other women grumbling about it, but even they seem reluctantly charmed by the pair and their antics. I suppose Bellamy usually hides 
1/3 
Megan 1- Dancing and drama 
that more playful side of himself from them. They can’t deny that Ryann is good for him, even if they don’t quite understand their relationship yet. I don’t think anyone does, although to be honest, Ryann SHOULD. She would know if they’re meant to be together. Then again, based on the questions she asked me while we were dress shopping, she might just be biding 
her time. 
Finally, Tristan appears and asks me to dance. I let him stumble around the dance floor clumsily for an entire song before I let him go. 
“It’s alright, I won’t torture you anymore. I know dancing isn’t really your thing.” I tell him graciously. I love to dance, but this is my party, I can find other partners. He shouldn’t have to be miserable to make me happy. 
“Thank you darling. I love you.” He kisses me on the cheek chastely then returns to his corner of the room where he is joking with a group of men I only vaguely know. I glance around for my live action drama of the night and it doesn’t take me long to locate my Bellamy and Ryann. Bel has led her off of the dance floor but he is still holding her awfully close. I watch as he leans in and I have to repress a squeal as he kisses her. I watch Ryann run outside and Bellamy follows her. I was right, they are guaranteed entertainment. Although I’m not sure about seeing my brother kiss a girl, I am a little jealous of how besotted they clearly are with each other. How they can’t seem to stay away from each other. I sigh. I want that. Wait…. What am I even thinking? I HAVE that. This is MY engagement party. I have no reason to be jealous. The only reason Tristain isn’t with me right now is that he doesn’t like to dance. That’s all. I move through the room socialising and the whole time I feel oddly alone. Maybe 
because I’m used to having Darrien shadow me everywhere. Actually, he should still be nearby. He’s working tonight after all, even if he is also a guest. Sure enough, I find him sitting not too far from where I’ve been standing. I’m about to approach him when I realise that something is off. He’s always so pleasant but right now he looks upset. Irritable, honestly he looks pissed off. Maybe he is upset that he has to work during a party? But that doesn’t mean he can’t still enjoy himself. There is plenty of food and drink and he could always socialise or ask someone to dance if he really wanted to.. I wonder if he would be a good dancer or not. I suspect he probably would be. He is always very controlled in his actions in a way that I think would lead itself well to coordinating dance steps. But why isn’t he dancing? And why is he so unhappy? Maybe there’s someone specific he wanted to dance with and she’s taken? Maybe he just hates parties? Either way I can’t stand to watch it anymore. If he isn’t going to ask someone to dance I’ll just ask him myself. My heart is racing as I approach him. Probably just because I’m excited to dance again, to solve the mystery of his skills. I stop when Ryann appears out of nowhere and approaches him. She looks upset and my brother is 
2/3 
Emergency calls only Mu 
Megan 1- Dancing and drama 
094% 
11:58 
nowhere in sight. Damnit. I didn’t expect them to fight tonight. Things were going so well! They talk for a minute, Ryann sends a text message and then they leave together. I notice Aaron lingering nearby so I know that Darrien didn’t leave without considering my safety first. Still, it hurts a little to watch them both leave without saying goodbye. 
A few minutes later Bellamy approaches me and in the most emotionless voice he can. manage, tells me that Ryann wasn’t well and had to go home. I want to interrogate him but I know better. Bellamy is a lot more emotional than he likes to let on and I doubt that he wants to display that to everyone in this room. At least not right now. He sulks for the rest of the night and after forcing himself to dance with me once, he retires early. With no idea what else to do and all my favourite people leaving early, I throw myself into the party. I have other friends and I’m glad to see them all. This is MY party and I refuse to let anything ruin it for me. Tonight I celebrate and tomorrow… Tomorrow I’ll start planning my wedding. Still, I can’t seem to erase the image of Bellamy and Ryann dancing together from my brain, and more than that, I can’t forget how unhappy Darrien was. But… I love Tristan. I want to get married and start a family and this is my chance to do that. There’s no turning back now. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
5 
SHARE 
###Chapter 230
Megan 2- Pushing and prodding 
After my failed attempt during lunch time to get Bellamy and Ryann to talk out their 
argument from last night, I spend the afternoon with p looking at wedding stuff. I take 
care to make a separate note of anything that she particularly likes. I mean, I want to plan her wedding one day, even if it isn’t with my idiot brother, although I suspect it will be. It’s a nice afternoon even if Ryann is clearly a little distracted at times. It’s just getting dark when Ryann comments that she should head home and I convince her to stay over. I know Bellamy won’t mind. Things might be awkward right now but I know he likes having her nearby. 
“So, I was wondering something…” Ryann comments. She looks nervous but I’m not sure why. 
I thought she had gotten over her shyness with me. 
“Tristan, I don’t know a lot about him, and you don’t really talk about him all that much. What’s he like?” She asks. Oh, that’s not what I was expecting. I smile and quickly answer her the same way I did everyone at my engagement party. I feel like I I’ve given this same speech. a dozen times by now. 
“He’s perfect. He always says the right thing and we never fight or disagree about anything.” He really is good to me. The whole relationship has just been so easy. 
“Huh, that’s nice I guess.” Ryann answers. She doesn’t sound convinced. But then again, she hasn’t spent much time with him so she wouldn’t know. Besides, her sort–of relationship is way more chaotic than mine! It’s probably a little mean of me but I can’t resist a subtle jab at 
her. 
“So, now it’s my turn to ask a question. How’s the hunt for Bellamy’s future mate going?” I ask casually. Ryann keeps her face neutral but I can see the flush around her cheeks. She just 
shrugs at me. 
“Nothing has changed.” She answers mildly. I raise an eyebrow. Is she really still trying to 
deny it after last night? 
“Really? Are you sure? You haven’t found her yet?” I push and she shakes ger head i denial. 
“I haven’t found her.” She insists, but she looks guilty. There is no way she isn’t lying to me. 
1/4 
Megan 2- Pushing and prodding 
“You really haven’t found her? Practically every female feline Shifter in town was at my engagement party. So it’s odd that you didn’t pick up anything.” I really want her to admit it. I think it would be good for her to talk about it. Maybe I can help. So I continue to put the 
pressure on. 
“It’s very weird, maybe you need to look harder? Or maybe we should invite over some. Shifters from other cities?” Finally Ryann’s control snaps as I knew it would. 
“Would you just STOP! I haven’t found her. I don’t know if I’ll ever find her. But there’s no need to rush fate!” I cross my arms over my chest. Seriously? Why won’t she just TELL me!? That’s it, I’m done being subtle. 
“You don’t know if you’ll ever find her? That seems like a lie to me Ry because as far as I can. tell you already have!” I snap at her, daring her to lie to me again. Ryann stares back at me with wide eyes. She tries to deny it a little longer but I’m not having any of it. Finally I give 
her one last chance to be honest with me. 
Ryann Gale, stop lying to me. Am I your friend or not?” I demand. 
“Of course you’re my friend.” She rushes to reassure me. I nod, happy that she can be honest 
about THAT at least. 
“Good, so tell me the truth. Are you my brother’s mate?” 1 stare at her and she studies her 
own hands before whispering her answer. 
“Yes, we’re fated.” My bedroom door swings open with a bang as it hits the wall. My brother is staring at us and he looks hurt and sort of pissed off. Damn. He turns and leaves and it jolts 
me into action. 
“What are you doing? Go after him!” I try to push Ryann to go after him but she refuses. She is shaking heavily like she’s the one who just had a big shock. 
“I can’t.” She really does seem frozen in place. I think I messed up. I should have made sure we had privacy before making her admit anything. 
“Oh Ryann, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know he was there. I swear.” I wipe tears off of my friend’s cheek. 
2/4 
Megan 2- Pushing and prodding 
“How did you know? What gave it away?” She asks. Is it wrong to answer that I got jealous of how close they’re becoming? I give a slightly different response, although it’s still true. 
“I’ve known the whole time. It’s partly why I started treating you as a sister. No one else fights with him like you do. He’s always happier when you’re around and he’s incredibly worried about you when you aren’t nearby. What really confirmed it for me though is that he’s stopped sleeping. He spent a couple evenings with you and now he can’t seem to sleep without you. He’s never had that problem before. You’re the same, although 
you seem to be getting on a little better. Probably because you aren’t a Shifter.” Ryann is still crying and I just don’t know what to do. Why did he have to run off like that?! 
“He was a jerk to me at first, so I didn’t say anything. Then it was too late. I couldn’t say anything. I didn’t want to ruin everything by trying to rush fate. What if he was horrified? Or worse, went along with it because he needs a mate to make the Alphas happy or because he feels obligated to me somehow. And I don’t even know how I feel. It’s all just happened too fast.” I hug her tight to my chest. Oh the poor thing. She is barely keeping up with her own emotions and she’s trying to be considerate of his too. She doesn’t know how to trust anyone. so she is just carrying on as best as she can while burdened with knowledge that most people don’t have. I thought knowing that kind of thing would make life easier but I can see that it’s 
not always the case. 
“Oh sweetie, he would never.” I promise her. I know my brother and he would never use someone like that, no matter how grumpy he is. 
“How can you say that? You saw what just happened. He hates me.” He doesn’t hate her. I’m sure of it, but I don’t think she will believe me. Bellamy needs to be the one who tells her, 
not me. 
Ryann insists on heading home, once again trying to be considerate of Bellamy by leaving his space. She might be too good for him. She calls Darrien to take her home. When did they get so close? It feels like I blinked and they were best friends all of a sudden. What do they even 
have in common? We meet him downstairs and I watch as he comforts my friend. 
“What happened?” He asks as Ryann sobs. 
“Bellamy found out.” 
3/4 
Megan 2- Pushing and prodding 
“I made her admit it to me. I didn’t know he was listening.” I admit guiltily. Darrien continues. trying to soothe Ryann when I realise something. 
“Wait… you knew?” Damn, I thought I was the only one who noticed. Is he had all the same information as me. 
“The signs were there.” Is all he says. Before she leaves, Ryann tells me to call Bellamy and tell him it’s safe to come home. I don’t think that he or I are going to.enjoy that particular conversation. 
Chapter Comments 
凸 5 
###Chapter 231
Megan 3- Avoiding and alert 
“Bellamy Kane, what the hell were you thinking running off like that?!” I demand when he answers the phone. I can hear him growling, clearly pissed off. 
“Not now Megan. This is none of your business.” He insists. I roll my eyes even though he 
can’t see it. 
“It is my business when my brother storms out and my best friend runs home in tears.” I point out. Bellamy is quiet for a minute before speaking. 
“She… she left?” He asks blankly. 
“Well duh, Darrien took her home. What did you think would happen? She insisted on leaving right away because she didn’t want YOU to be uncomfortable in your own home. So again I ask, what the hell were you thinking?” I ask again. 
“That she clearly doesn’t care. If she did then she wouldn’t have hidden this from me. I am an Alpha, I could have anyone I want. Why should I go chasing after someone who doesn’t really want me?” He half yells the words but I answer him quietly.. 
“Because she’s the only person you want to chase after. Give it some time, go for a run, yell, scream, punch a tree. Do what you need to do, then go talk to the girl. I promise she is just ast confused as you are.” I tell him. I hear him scoff loudly. 
“How can she be confused? She already has all the answers, her magic makes sure of that.” 
He points out. I sigh. 
“There’s a difference between knowing how something should be and knowing how to make that happen. That girl has been alone her whole life, did you think she would just fall into your arms? Walk out of the life she knows and adjust to yours without trying? Don’t be an idiot Bellamy. Life is never that simple.” With my part said I hang up on him. I don’t know if he will go after her, but Ryann can’t explain herself if he doesn’t give her a chance. All I really know for sure is that if Bellamy can’t pull his head out of his ass this is going to be a long night. 
1/4 
Megan 3- Avoiding and alert 
Well. It was a very long night. Bellamy came home in the early hours of the morning looking exhausted and miserable. He clearly didn’t try to talk to Ryann but before I can say a word about it he storms upstairs to his room and closes the door firmly behind him. I head into my own room. I’m kind of exhausted too, I waited up for Bels. He could have called if he wasn’t planning to come home. Maybe I should take a nap? I notice my phone ringing and dive for 
it. Called ID says it’s Ryann. I speak before she can get a word out. 
“What can I do to help you?” I feel terrible about all this. I should have kept my mouth shut. 
“Nothing Megan. We just leave it. You shouldn’t mess with fate. Bellamy found out and look what happened. That was without me actively trying to interfere. The best thing I can do is leave him alone. It’s not our time yet.” Ryann sounds heartbroken even if she is trying to act 
brave. 
“But, you’re miserable, he’s miserable. I can’t just do nothing.” I . 
“You can and you will. Besides, you have a wedding to keep yourself occupied. I won’t be coming round for a while. If you need to see me we can meet up or you can come here if you like.” Ryann tells me firmly. Seriously? She isn’t even going to come and visit anymore? I understand why but how is she going to make up with my brother if she’s avoiding him? I suppose this is more of her trying not to force herself into his life. 
“Can I come now?” I ask. Maybe I can talk her into at least calling him before totally isolating 
herself from him. 
“I have work later, and I need to do laundry. I’ll see you later. I should go. Bye Megan.” Ryann hangs up on me quickly. I suppose she doesn’t want to deal with my pestering right now. I hope she isn’t mad at me, my harassing her into confessing was what started this. I decided I’m done with it. I won’t pester her anymore. She is an adult and she can make her own choices, even if I don’t agree with them. I’ll just do my best to be there and support her in the meantime. I can’t make the same promise to Bellamy though. I’m his sister, it’s my job to 
pester him. 
I did plan to talk to Bellamy as soon as he came out of his room, but apparently talking to someone living in the same house as me isn’t as simple as it sounds. Somehow, Bellamy manages to stay busy, out, or in ‘important meetings‘ for about a week and a half. When I finally catch him, it’s around two in the morning. I left my door open a crack and have been 
2/4 
Megan 3- Avoiding and alert 
listening out for him. I hear him creep out of his room and down to the kitchen. I follow him down and position myself in the kitchen doorway so that the only way out is past me. I watch for a moment as he rummages in the cupboards for a snack. He doesn’t notice me right away which really is a sign of how exhausted he is. He’s usually on high alert, for him to miss me following him he would have to be really out of it. I’m not surprised. I don’t think he has slept for more than an hour or two since he and Ryann fought. He looks awful. Pale with dark shadows under his eyes. Shifters aren’t meant to be separated from their mates for any length of time. It won’t kill him, but he will be a total mess. How can he take care of himself when he’s too busy obsessing over someone else? 
“You look like crap.” I say loudly causing him to jump and drop the packet of chips he had just pulled out of the cupboard. Bellamy grunts as he bends to pick it up. 
“Thanks.” He answers sarcastically. 
“I’m just telling the truth. You look terrible. We both know why. Just go see her already. I know you 
still care about her or you wouldn’t have guards on her around the clock, and don’t think I haven’t noticed you stalking around her home at night.” I tell him. He shakes his head 
adamantly. 
“I won’t. The entire time I’ve known her I have forced my company and attention on her. Clearly I misunderstood our relationship. I know when I’m not wanted and I’m not going to make more of a fool of myself than I already have. Just drop it.” Bellamy stands in front of me 
with an eyebrow raised, waiting for me to move out of his way. I sigh and take a step aside to 
let him pass. 
“Just stop avoiding me okay? It’s annoying. And… just think about talking to her. You might not know as much as you think you do. She’s just as miserable as you are. That doesn’t sound like someone who doesn’t care about you.” I point out as he climbs the stairs. Bellamy pauses for a moment and I think he’s about to say something. But without turning to face me, he silently continues climbing the stairs and vanishes up into his room once more. 
###Chapter 232
Megan 4- Exploding and explaining 
The next few weeks are very lonely. Bellamy is quiet and depressed. Ryann answers my calls. and messages and comes to help with wedding stuff when I ask, but she’s withdrawn and doesn’t reach out unless I talk to her first. Even Darrien, my constant shadow, seems to be more and more unhappy every passing day, although he hasn’t said why. Regardless of everyone’s mood, time does pass and soon enough it’s the night before my wedding. I’m anxious about the ceremony, but more than that, I’m anxious because this is going to be the first time Bellamy and Ryann have been in the same place since he found out the truth and then ran off. In all likelihood they will just avoid each other. But I hope they make up. Still, it’s kind of frustrating. This isn’t going to be the fun filled, perfect day I’ve always dreamed of if my brother and best friend can’t stand to even look at each other. It’s like everything is just stagnant. Neither of them is willing to make a move and try to fix things, but neither of them seems to be willing or able to move on either. So they’re just stuck how they are, miserable. and making everyone around them miserable too. Bellamy and I are having a very quiet and very late dinner together while I go over the plans for tomorrow and he nods and pretends to care. He got home late and I waited for him, determined that he would at least hear the plans. before the day. All of a sudden he glances at his phone and tenses up. Before I know it, he is throwing his plate across the room with a viscous growl. What the hell? Bellamy is usually fairly even tempered, what has him throwing his meal? 
“Bels? What’s wrong?” I ask, he doesn’t answer and he doesn’t stop there. My plate quickly 
follows it along with both of our glasses. Before I know it, he’s lashing out at any item that isn’t stuck down. Even in his rage he’s careful not to let me get hurt, but apparently the dishware is fair game. Once the kitchen is sufficiently trashed, he wrenches the door to his study open, steps in and slams it shut behind himself. I hear the lock click into place and then nothing. I have no idea what is going on but my automatic reaction is to call Darrien. 
“Miss Kane?” He answers the phone after one ring. 
“Something is wrong with Bellamy, he’s freaking out and he just completely trashed the kitchen.” I tell him, my voice is quiet and anxious. 
“I’m on my way. Are you safe?” He demands immediately. 
“I’m fine, I’m just worried about him. He’s locked himself in his office. I don’t know what to do or what’s wrong with him. He got a message. Do you know if something happened?” I ask, 
1/5 
Megan 4- Exploding and explaining 
a little desperate. 
“No, but I can only think of one person that could bother the Alpha so much.” He remarks and I start to panic. 
“You think something has happened to Ryann?” I ask in horror. 
“No, Aaron is with her right now. If there was danger we would have been called to help. But maybe he heard something else he didn’t like?” he suggests. 
“I’m going to call her. Right now.” I insist. I hang up on Darrien before he can say anything. He should be here soon, but I need to know that Ryann is alright. 
I wait anxiously as the phone rings, but she doesn’t answer. I immediately call again and still… no answer. It’s not until I call for a third time that she picks up the phone. 
‘Megan, what’s wrong?” She doesn’t sound like she’s in trouble. In fact she sounds more relaxed than she has in ages. 
“My brother is going crazy and nothing makes him as crazy as you do. Where are you right now?” I demand. I know it’s a little rude of me but I need to know. I mean my brother just 
trashed the place. 
“I’m at home.” Yeah there’s no way that’s the whole story or Belamy wouldn’t be freaking out. Plus Ryann sounds like she has more to say. 
“And?” I prompt. 
“And I have a friend over?” I can’t repress a groan. I think I know what the problem is. 
“Is this friend a guy?” I ask. 
“Yeah…” She answers awkwardly. I groan even louder. No wonder he’s upset. He’s jealous and he has to know that it’s at least partially his own fault. 
“That explains a lot. You have a guy over in the middle of the night. Wait, who is it? Is he a Shifter?” Seriously, I didn’t think she even KNEW any other guys except for the Shifters who 
2/5 
Megan 4- Exploding and explaining 
have been guarding her, and Bellamy wouldn’t be freaking out about them. 
“No.” She answers reluctantly. Why doesn’t she want to say who it is? 
“Someone from your work? A human?” I prompt. I know I said I wouldn’t pester her anymore 
but I need to know. 
“No, a childhood friend. He’s an Incubus.” She finally admits and I am speechless for a full thirty seconds.This might be the worst possible scenario. 
“You invited an Incubus into your home, alone, in the middle of the night?” Does Ryann realise how that must look? Wait, does she care? Maybe she is planning to sleep with the Incubus since my brother hasn’t been around. But that doesn’t sound like her. I know the guy can’t be using magic or taking advantage of her because the guards would have put a stop to that before they made it into her home. 
“Yes, I did. He’s my friend.” She responds defensively. She sounds a little angry and I realise this Incubus must be a legitimate friend. If I voice my thoughts right now I’m only going to 
piss her off. 
“Oh, I get it, and it’s fine, great even. But Ryann, you can’t have thought Bellamy would react well to this.” I overdo it with the reassurances but I don’t want her to be angry. Still, I can’t 
help but point out the obvious. 
“I can’t live my life around what makes Bellamy most comfortable. Besides, he met Harry briefly once before. We’ve already had this argument.” I sigh. 
“I get it Ry, but seriously. You’re driving him crazy.” 
“I seriously doubt that’s the problem. He’s probably just annoyed that I’m making it difficult for my guards again since he has deemed himself personally responsible for my safety.” I roll my eyes dramatically. How can she not realise that he’s obsessed with her? He’s paying for a full time security detail for her. He wouldn’t do that for just anyone. But she hasn’t listened to me so far, why would she believe me now. 
“And are you safe Ry?” I have to make sure before I hang up. A smooth male voice answers 
me and I can’t help a shiver of pleasure at the sound of his voice. Woah. Incubi really are 
3/5 
Megan 4- Exploding and explaining 
something else. 
“Hey there, friend of Ryann. I can assure you that Ryann has absolutely nothing to fear from me. You can tell the Alpha kitty cat to stand down. I think we were probably only seven years old when she told me in no uncertain terms that I would never have a chance with her because fate said so. Can’t argue with that, now can I?” He sounds amused, but not offended. I doubt he’s trying to get into her pants. I mean, I doubt he would reject her if she offered, what Incubi would? But he seems okay. 
“That does sound like her.” I agree. 
“I know, always unavailable.” He sighs then when he speaks again his voice is seductive. 
“What about you then? Are you available?” I hear a thud that I suspect is Ryann hitting him. 
“She isn’t for you Harry. Keep your charm to yourself.” She tells him off and I laugh. 
“Had to try Ry, backing off now.” He answers cheerfully. 
“Sorry about him. Everything is fine here as you can tell. We built a blanket fort and now. we’re watching cartoons. I’ll see you tomorrow for hair and makeup alright?” Okay, so she’s okay. I have to go tidy the kitchen anyway so I let her go. 
“Yes definitely! 7:00 am sharp. I can’t believe tomorrow is my wedding!” I say with an 
enthusiasm I’m not sure I feel. 
“Um, yeah. It’s definitely come quick. I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Bye.” 
“Seeya!” 
###Chapter 233
Megan 5- Will or won’t 
I have trouble getting out of bed on my own wedding day. I was up late with Darrien, cleaning up the mess Bellamy made in the kitchen. I think he’s been in his office pretty much all night, although I heard him stomping up the stairs a few minutes ago. I quickly shower and let Lauran in. She is awesome at hair and makeup and agreed to help us get ready today. Only a few minutes after she arrives, Ryan turns up. Early, which is odd for her. Particularly since I know she had a late night. I hug her and immediately drag her into getting ready. She 
looks as tired as I feel so Lauran has her work cut out for her. 
Hours later, our hair and makeup are done and I’m struggling to button my dress. I call Ryann in to help. She seems to be struggling with something. She looks conflicted and she’s opened her mouth to say something at least three times.now then not gone through with it. 
Ry? What is it? It is because of my brother again? He messaged earlier, he’s already headed down to the hall.” I feel bad for making her deal with him and I still feel like their fight is kind of my fault. 
“No, for once this has nothing to do with him, well not directly anyway. I… I wanted to tell you something, but I’m worried about how you’re going to react.” Well that doesn’t sound good. She isn’t pulling out of the wedding is she? 
“What is it?” We head back into my room and she clutches my hand tightly. I can tell that 
she’s shaking and it’s making me even more nervous. 
“You shouldn’t get married today.” She blurts out. 
“Tristan isn’t your fate. He’s already met the person he’s fated to be with but it isn’t you. The reason your brother bought me here was to try and get more information on him and to confirm what he already suspected because he doesn’t trust Tristan. They’re fated to be 
enemies. I was there the day Tristan proposed and because you’re meant to be my friend I wrote you a note telling you that he isn’t right for you and left it in your bag, but you didn’t find it. Bellamy did. We wanted to get proof about Tristan, find some kind of evidence that he’s doing something wrong which is why neither of us said anything to you, but we haven’t been able to. So now there’s nothing else I can do but to ask you, beg you, to please trust me. 
He isn’t the one for you. I’m so sorry I waited this long to say something. I should have told you from the start but I was so.caught up in my own emotions I just didn’t know what to do.” 
1/4 
Megan 5- Will or won’t 
I need a second to process this. I pull away from Ryann and start to pace. I’m upset that she didn’t tell me this. But I’m more upset that I’m not… more upset. I think deep down I knew that Tristan isn’t right for me, why else would I be getting so jealous of Ryann and Bellamy, at least I was before they were fighting. No, if anything, I feel relieved. I couldn’t admit it to myself but I’ve wanted to end things with Tristan for a while but I couldn’t think of a single good REASON. Ryann has finally given me one. I keep my back to her when I ask, feeling a little ashamed of myself. 
“Ryann, did you ever wonder why I haven’t asked you about my own thread or fate?” 
“I always assumed it was because you were already sure of Tristan.” I whirl and face her. 
“That’s the same thing that I told myself. That I didn’t need to ask because I already knew. But, that’s not true. I never asked because I was scared you would say what you just said. That you would tell me I’ve messed up, wasted the last year and a half of my life on a man who isn’t right for me. He is just so perfect, we’ve never fought or yelled at each other. Everything has always been so easy with him.” I sigh. I should have known better. Nothing is that easy. It was only easy because I don’t care enough to argue. I suspect he doesn’t either. 
“No one has ever said anything negative about him, until this moment I couldn’t think of a single reason why I might not be in love with him. I’ve been perfectly comfortable.” I collapse backwards into my bed, suddenly exhausted.. 
“But watching you and Bellamy, I’ve been starting to think that’s a problem. Comfortable is good, great even. But comfortable doesn’t challenge me, doesn’t encourage me to be better. I’ve been thinking that never fighting might not be a sign of compatibility but rather a signi that there is no passion, for anything, including each other.” Ryann is staring at me in shock. I suppose she expected a different reaction. 
“What are you going to do?” She asks. 
“I’m done lying to myself. I need to tell Tristan I can’t get married today. It’s going to be hard. I’d be lying if I said I don’t care about him. Ten minutes ago I had every intention of marrying him. I guess I just needed… permission. Permission to change my mind. Or maybe just support to do what I want.” I confess. 
“What can I do to help?” Ryann immediately offers and I appreciate her so much. 
2/4 
Megan 5- Will or won’t 
“Help me out of this dress? It definitely sends the wrong message. Then we need to get over to the wedding so I can apologise to Tristan. Could you maybe call Bellamy, let him know?” 1 say thoughtlessly then immediately regret it. 
“Never mind, I can do that 1-” She interrupts me. 
“I can call him.” She tells me firmly. I let out a sigh of relief. Finally, it looks like things are changing. No more being stuck in this endless loop of nothing. 
Bellamy returns and Ryann heads out to speak with him. I take a minute to compose myself. I have no idea what I’m going to say to Tristan, or to everyone else for that matter. They are probably all waiting for me already. I step into the hall and I take a minute to lecture 
Bellamy. He couldn’t have mentioned something sooner? With my brother and my best friend at my side, I head to my wedding. We pause at the doors. 
“Wait here? I think I need to do this myself.” Bellamy looks unhappy with this plan, but after a glance at Ryann he agrees. 
“Well, here I go.” I slip through the doors, trying not to draw attention to myself. I’d like a chance to tell Tristan without everyone watching, but I’m not that lucky. The door squeaks. and everyone turns to look at me. One look at my casual clothes artd they know something is wrong. I freeze up in the doorway as I see the horror and disappointment on everyone’s faces. Maybe I should have had Ryann and Bellamy come with me. Just one person. I just need one person to look supportive. I look around the room until my eyes land on Darrien. We make eye contact and he doesn’t look horrified like everyone else. He just gives me a sad smile and nods his head. I let out a sigh of relief. I can do this. I hurry down the aisle to where Tristan 
is waiting for me.. 
“I’m so sorry Tristan. But… I can’t do this. Can we go somewhere and talk?” I ask. I expect him to be upset, or angry. I don’t expect him to react violently. He lashes out and before I can react, he smacks me across the face, making me stumble back a few steps. Darrien is at my side in a second and growling angrily. I glare at Tristan. 
“Stand down.” I order, putting every bit of dominance I have behind the words. But dammit, he might not be my soul mate, but he is my equal in dominance. He stares back at me defiantly and I can feel the pressure as we both stare at each other. Neither one of us willing 
to give. 
###Chapter 234
Megan 6- Dead and done 
Tristan is dead. He’s dead and I killed him. I know I had no choice. But I didn’t want things to go this way. I prod him with my nose a little and confirm that he is one hundred percent, definitely dead. I climb off of him and shift back into my two legged self. I don’t quite know what to do. A shiver comes over me that has nothing to do with the temperature of the room, still I grab a tablecloth and wrap it around myself, trying to ignore how my hands leave bloody red fingerprints on the white fabric. I’m confused for a second when someone grabs me, but the familiar scent of Darrien surrounds me and I let him hold me for a minute. We 
both had a scare and I could use the comfort. He is breathing heavily and hides his face in my hair. It’s a strange feeling, I don’t think Darrien has ever hugged me before. 
ctually, I don’t think he’s ever touched me other than escorting me by the arm. I never realised how much bigger than me he is. Despite everything, he makes me feel safe. He always has. It’s why I agreed when he applied to be my personal guard. I never did find out why he wanted the role. I just assumed that since Bels didn’t have a female Alpha that it was the most coveted position available at the time. I wonder if he regrets it now that Ryann is around. I wait for him to end the embrace and slowly realise that he isn’t going to. Not until I tell him to. I’m not even sure if the hug is for his benefit or mine. He’s a bit freaked out. That makes sense though, he’s a fairly dominant Shifter and he has similar protective instincts to Bellamy. He probably wants me close since he feels responsible for me. Touch is comforting to Shifters after all. I wait a little longer then extract myself from his grip. He lets me go easily.enough. Remembering how uncomfortable Ryann is with nudity, I find another tablecloth for him to 
cover himself with. 
My head feels empty. I don’t think everything that has happened has been processed for me yet. I’m probably in shock. Later on I’m sure that I will have an absolute meltdown, but right now I just feel nothing. A glance at Ryann shows that she is on the verge of a meltdown herself. An inkling of concern flutters in my chest. Okay, so that’s an emotion I can deal with right now. I keep the rest locked down for later and focus on comforting my friend. I want to hug her, but I know I am covered in blood, she probably wouldn’t appreciate it. Not to mention she just saw me kill someone. 
“Ryann? Are you okay?” I ask. She just shakes her head, staring at Tristan. 
“What can I do?” Ryann can’t seem to find words and she can’t seem to look away from… the body. I step in front of her, blocking her view and it seems to trigger something. All of at sudden she is throwing herself into my arms and I feel a sense of relief. She doesn’t hate me, 
1/3 
Megan 6- Dead and done 
she isn’t scared of me, she doesn’t even seem to care about the blood. She is shaking like a leaf. I stroke my hands through her hair, hoping that the blood has mostly wiped off onto the tablecloth I’m wearing. I’m still on high alert and I watch out of the corner of my eye as Darrien finds something to cover the body with. He hides Tristan from view, although the blood seeps through and the smell of iron and salt is difficult to ignore. I do my best to keep my focus on Ryann, using her familiar scent and warmth to centre myself. 
Eventually Darrien places a hand gently on my arm to get my attention. He’s hovering over me, much closer than he usually is. Actually. He seems a lot more expressive than he usually is too. I can see his concern and… something else. Something more than just worry about his charge. Does Darrien actually care about me? I mean we do spend basically every day together, and I have to admit to a certain level of fondness for him. Is it really surprising that he might be a little attached to me too? It just seems odd. I always thought of him as just doing his job. I don’t know how to interact with him as a friend. I could be wrong. Clearly I am a terrible judge of people. After Tristan, I don’t know how I am going to ever trust myself again. Luckily I have a best friend who can help. I glance at her and she smiles encouragingly. 
“You can always trust him to keep you safe.” She promises, whispering in my ear while giving me a quick hug. I raise an eyebrow. That sounds like she’s thought about this before. I 
suppose she knows I need reassurance. Still, it works. I relax a little and when Darrien grabs 
my hand I let him hold it. He still seems anxious and the contact should help him feel better, and truthfully I appreciate the reminder that he’s here and keeping me safe. I squeeze his 
hand as I flinch when my brother comes barreling into the room, a few minutes too late. He is 
breathing heavily and his eyes fall first on Ryann, then to me. He looks pissed. I’m not surprised, but there’s nothing he can do now. But he won’t want to hear that. What he needs. is his mate, but I doubt he is willing to admit it. Ryann is going to have to make the first move, but it seems like something has changed in her today. She is being more open and honest. She told me the truth about Tristan even though she was worried it would hurt me and ruin our friendship. Maybe she’s ready to deal with Bellamy too. I keep my voice low and give her a reminder that she should trust herself and be brave. 
“I trust your power, so you should too.” I tell her. Ryann seems to stand up a little straighter. Without hesitation she approaches Bellamy, takes him by the hand and leads him away. 
“It’s about damn time.” Darrien mutters from behind me and I snort out a slightly hysterical sounding laugh. He glances over to where Tristan lies covered with the cloth. Blood is everywhere. He tugs on my arm. 
2/3 
Megan 6- Dead and done 
“Come on. Let me get you out of here.” He insists gently. I don’t fight him. I don’t even ask where we’re going. Ryann said I could trust him so that’s what I’m going to do. I’m too numb to make any decisions right now. I put all my focus on taking care of her and without her here I just don’t know what to do. 
He doesn’t take me home and I’m kind of relieved. The house is still full of wedding stuff and I just want to get away from all of it. I want to avoid it and I want everything gone. I know I’ll have to deal with it eventually, but I’m not ready yet. Instead he takes me to his place. I’ve never been here before. It’s small because he lives alone. Something that isn’t too common for Shifters. But he moved here alone a few years ago. The place is oddly empty. Like he sleeps here but doesn’t spend any time here. Oh, he probably doesn’t spend time here. He’s usually with me during most waking hours. He can take time off if he wants to, but he never does. I don’t know the last time he actually used a day off or asked to leave early for something. He’s even been working with Ryann when I’ve been out with Tristan or when I wanted time to myself. Is Darrien a workaholic? Does he have any hobbies? Looking around his home I’m starting to think that he doesn’t. Weird..He sends off a few messages then turns. 
his full attention back to me. 
“Do you want to get cleaned up?” He offers. I shrug. 
“I know I should. But I just… I don’t know. Do you think Ryann and Bellamy are okay?” I ask. He looks at me strangely, like he doesn’t understand why I’m thinking about them right now. 
“I’m sure they are. Here, give them a call. Tell Ryann ‘I told you so‘ from me.” He hands me 
his phone. I left mine home, I didn’t think I would need it. I confirm that they’ve made up, more than made up by the sound of it. I encourage them to spend time together. I don’t think I want to face them again right now. I love them, but they both knew about Tristan and didn’t say anything until today. I need some time to think about that. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 235
Megan 7- Crying and cleaning 
Once we’re off the phone Darrien pushes me towards his bathroom. 
“You’ll feel better when you’re clean.” He promises. I don’t think a shower is going to be enough to make me feel clean again. But I do as he says because it’s not like I have a better plan. I stand under the hot water and cry my eyes out for a good half hour as the blood washes down the drain. I borrow some of Darrien’s stupid guy 2 in 1 shampoo/conditioner stuff that is probably terrible for my hair but at least it gets the blood out. I also use some of his body wash and I find it comforting and familiar. Once my eyes are burning from the tears, I force myself to stop crying and turn off the water. I look at myself in the little mirror he has in here and realise that my eye makeup didn’t come off in the shower and has just run down. my face giving me panda eyes. This morning I felt beautiful. Now I just feel disgusting and broken. I search for something to clean my face, but all I can find is a single towel that Darrien left behind for me. I wrap myself in it and Darrien gently taps on the door. 
“Megan? I have something for you to wear.” He calls out. 
“Okay. Come in.” I answer. My voice is hoarse from crying and he must be able to hear it. I hate crying in front of people. He opens the door cautiously and steps inside. He hands me a pile of clothes. 
“They’re mine so they won’t fit you, but it’s better than nothing. We can grab something of yours later.” He says softly. I nod and take the clothes, clutching them to my chest. He takes in my appearance and the makeup running down my face. 
“Let me help you with that.” He gestures for me to sit on the closed toilet and I do, still clutching the clothes to myself. He rummages through a cupboard I wasn’t brave enough to open and pulls out a face washer. He dampens it and then kneels on the wet floor in front of me. He carefully and methodically wipes the makeup from my face before dropping the face washer into the sink. I just sit there, unmoving, not sure what to do with myself. 
“I’ll let you get dressed.” He steps out, closing the door behind himself. I get to my feet and look at the clothes he left me. An oversized shirt and a pair of track pants with a tie at the waist. I pull the tie tight and roll up the pants a little so I won’t trip over them and slip the 
I look so small in his clothes and I feel very exposed without underwear. My hair is dripping down my back but I can’t be bothered to even towel it off. I just leave it. I step into 
shirt 
1/4 
Megan 7- Crying and cleaning 
the living room and Darrien hands me a hot chocolate that he had ready and waiting. 
“Here, relax for a minute while I clean up. I’ll be right back. Call if you need something.” He insists. I nod and he steps into the bathroom with an armful of clothing. He showers in under two minutes and when he emerges he’s dressed similarly to me, but his clothes actually fit 
him. 
I’m sitting on the couch and sipping at my drink slowly. Darrien sinks into the couch beside me, holding a towel and a brush. 
“May 1?” He asks. I nod slowly and he adjusts so that he can reach me better. He carefully squeezes the water out of my hair and pats it dry so that it’s no longer dripping. Then he carefully sorts through my hair with the brush. I pulled out all the pins in the shower, but there was teasing in my hair and his crappy hair products didn’t do much to help that situation. Once my hair is tidied, he just keeps brushing it, I relax into the feeling and before I know it, there are tears running down my cheeks again. I feel awful. I killed someone, and yet Darrien is being so careful with me. I’m not sure I deserve his care. He eventually breaks 
the silence. 
“I’m sorry.” He says, his voice breaking. I frown. 
“What for?” I ask, confused. 
– 
save 
“I should have stopped him. You only stepped in because I turned my back.” He ashamed. I flash back to that moment. Tristan leapt at Darrien and I was moving before I could think. I didn’t hesitate. Didn’t even blink. I just knew I had to protect Darrien, like he 
protects me. 
“It’s not your fault. I… I don’t regret it.” I admit. That might be the worst part of this. I can’t imagine making any other decision at that moment. Darrien sighs, drops the brush and wordlessly wraps an arm over my shoulder, tipping me into his side. 
“Thank you 
for protecting me then.” He says instead. I can accept that. The one bright side of this situation. He didn’t get hurt. 
We spend a few hours at his place. Darrien gives me time to work through my thoughts and he stays there, sitting with me while I cry it out. Darrien occasionally checks his phone, 
2/4 
Megan 7- Crying and cleaning 
communicating with someone via text. I have no idea who, honestly I don’t have the energy 
to care. He does take a phone call from Shaun and I listen in. 
“Hey Shaun. I’m here with Megan.” Darrien answers the phone. 
“Oh sh- I mean. Yeah, okay. Well as you asked we’re taking care of everything. I was just wondering if you knew where our Alpha has gone? No one has heard from him.” Shaun explains. I can’t help but snort a laugh. It sounds a little crazy and almost more like a sob, but it is a laugh. I answer for Darrien, snatching the phone from him. 
“My brother is with Ryann. They’ve sorted things out and he took her home.” I tell him. 
“Right. Well in that case I’ll tell everyone to stop looking. We won’t try to call him again unless it’s an emergency. I’m not getting involved in that situation.” Shaun sounds deadly 
serious. 
“That would be wise.” I answer dryly. Darrien gestures that he wants the phone back and I 
hand it to him. 
“Did you guys take care of everything I asked for?” Darrien says vaguely. 
“Yes. All taken care of. If she needs anything else, please let us know.” Shaun offers before hanging up. She? I suppose he means me. They must be taking care of Tristan’s body and dealing with the police. I won’t be in any trouble. Bellamy is the Alpha so he’s the one responsible for my actions anyway. 
“We should get you home and in some proper clothes.” Darrien tells me gently. Huh, I don’t know that I want to go back, but I guess I can’t avoid the place forever. Although I have to say I don’t mind wearing Darrien’s stuff. It’s comfortable, although I could use underwear. 
I reluctantly let Darrien walk me home and watch as he unlocks the front door with his key. I’m not sure I want to go in, there is wedding stuff everywhere, it will hurt. But when we head inside I’m surprised to see the house is tidy, not a single sign of tulle or invitations anywhere. What happened? Who cleaned this up? Where did it all go? I look at Darrien, seeking answers. He shrugs uncomfortably. 
“I loaned Rio my key while you were in the shower and had her come and clear up anything 
3/4 
Emergency calls only M5 
Megan 7- Crying and cleaning. 
D93% 0111:59 
obvious. I thought it might make it more comfortable for you. She cleared your room too so you can sleep if you want. I’m sorry if that was overstepping, I know Alpha Kane doesn’t allow people upstairs… But I thought that given the circumstances it might be a good idea.” He explains awkwardly. I stare at my feet. 
“Did… did she throw it all away?” I ask, not sure what answer I’m looking for. I want the stuff gone… but also I spent a lot of time choosing it and I value it a lot. I can’t imagine never getting to wear the dress I chose. 
“No, it’s all been moved into one of the guest rooms upstairs. When you’re ready to go. through it, it will be there. But that’s not a job for today. I can help when you need it… that is if you want. Or maybe Ryann would be a better person to assist with that. I don’t know.” He offers. I can tell he is trying to make everything better for me and I appreciate the effort. If only it was as easy as hiding everything away. Still, at least for now I think that’s what I have to do. Push everything to the back of my mind and just carry on. Right now. I think chocolate is a good idea. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 236
Strings of Fate 
Megan 8- Presents and patience 
What on Earth is going on in Darrien’s head? It has been months, MONTHS since he paid for my lunch IN FRONT OF MY BROTHER and started officially courting me. Ryann and Bellamy are officially and publicly together now, hell they’ve adopted a CHILD. And what progress have Darrien and I made? None. Zero. Nothing. It’s like there has been no change from when he was just my guard. We spend basically all our time together, that’s nothing new. I mean het lives with us now… he took the spare room next to mine. But aside from the occasional flirtatious comment and the fact that he pays for my meals whenever he finds the chance, everything is exactly the same as it was. He hasn’t tried to attempt any of the other courting traditions, hasn’t asked me out, definitely hasn’t tried for any kind of physical intimacy. I have no idea what he is waiting for! Since Ryann gave her approval I started considering Darrien in a more romantic light and I’ve realised how absolutely dull witted I was being to not notice him earlier. He really is the sweetest guy I know, I feel safer with him than I do with anyone else. He gets along with my family, even Bellamy respects him enough to give. him extra responsibilities when he and Ryann want to take a break or need some time to themselves. Now that I’m paying more attention I’ve started noticing other things about him too. He calls his mother every night, he is really good at dealing with Kiara and Logan and he NEVER takes a day off. Escorting me around all the time is technically his job, so I never thought much of him being there. But most guards take days off, Aaron isn’t with Ryann all the time, sometimes Shaun fills in for him when he needs personal’days. I don’t think Darrien has taken a day off being my guard ever. He starts earlier and leaves later than any other guard and I checked with Ryann who has taken over managing a lot of the payroll stuff, and he doesn’t charge for the additional hours. He never complains, never demands anything, especially not from me. He treats my family like his own and everyone treats him like he’s my mate. But he’s NOT, he hasn’t even kissed me! I can’t figure him out, what does he WANT? He stares at me… a lot. That’s something else that I noticed once I started paying attention. I find myself staring at him more and more often lately. A week ago I realised I was doing it. and I’ve come to an obvious conclusion. I want him. I already knew I trusted him, but I suspect I might actually love him too. Now that I’ve realised it I’m on edge around him ALL THE TIME. I just need our relationship to be defined properly, then I can stop worrying about. it so much. I’m not usually an anxious person. I pride myself on my confidence and outgoing personality. It’s why I believe my event planning business will be a success. I graduated recently and thanks to Bellamy and Ryann, I have the money I’ll need to get started. Their wedding is going to be my first big event. It’s going to be perfect. I’m the maid of honour obviously, and Darrien will be taking me to the wedding and sitting with me. He always sits with me, he’s my guard. But he hasn’t actually asked me or mentioned it. I don’t know if he’s going as my guard or my… well… as the guy who is courting me. My date I suppose. 
1/5 
Emergency calls only Mu 05 
Megan 8–Presents and patience 
D93% 
11:59 
Tonight I am determined to get answers. I’ve chosen a courting gift for him. I took a page out of Ryann’s book and got him a spelled item (Thanks Cam!) that he can safely shift with. The simple gold chain necklace has a secondary spell on it too. It’s kind of like a mood ring or something but far more accurate and it’s linked to me. It changes temperature depending on how I feel. So if I’m upset or angry it will be cold, if I’m happy or affectionate it will be warm. It’s very general, but I thought that MAYBE it will give him a hint towards my feelings since he doesn’t seem to be catching on. Cam delivered it to me just now and Darrien will be back from picking up dinner any minute now. Bellamy, Ryann and Kiara are out getting dinner with Logan and Maggie. I’m completely alone in the house for the first time in ages. I perch myself on the couch trying to stop the pacing. Finally I hear Darrien get home. 
“Megan?” He calls out. 
“In here!” I respond. He enters, bringing with him the smell of pizza and garlic bread. It smells good but I don’t know how hungry I am. I’m too nervous. He instantly notices that something is up. He knows me far too well. 
“Is something wrong?” He asks immediately. 
“No. I… I have something for you. A gift.” I admit. He takes a seat beside me, placing our food on the coffee table. He waits, anticipation clear on his face. I slowly hand him the navy blue box that Cam dropped off not too long ago. He opens it, and reads the card that she included which explains the spells on the chain. He looks increasingly incredulous as he reads and by the time he finishes, he is absolutely beaming. He clasps the chain around his neck and runs a hand over it lightly. 
“Thank you, it’s perfect.” He tells me happily. Then without another word, he turns to open the box of pizza. What the HELL? Is that all I get? I saw Bellamy and Ryann after she gave her courting gift. He could barely keep his hands off of her. I don’t even get a hug? I thought this would at least be a clear enough hint that he should kiss me. What is going on? I find I’m getting increasingly angry as he serves me a plate and hands it to me. I drop the plate on the table, annoyed. Darrien places a hand on the chain around his neck and raises an eyebrow. 
“Something is bothering you. Did you have something you wanted to say?” He asks calmly. Ugh, why is he so relaxed? 
“Are you going to Ryann and Bellamy’s wedding with me?” I demand. Darrien takes a bite of 
2/5 
Megan 8- Presents and patience 
pizza and nods. 
“Of course.” He answers easily. Okay, I don’t think he realised what I was asking. 
“I mean are you going WITH me, like not as my guard. Are you going as my date?” I clarify. I can feel heat climbing up my neck and into my face and I try not to think about it. 
“I really would like to be.” He answers. Again, he is completely calm and unruffled. Seriously, what does it take to get a reaction from him?! His lack of reaction pisses me off. Is he just going through the motions? He ACTS like he cares, but he never says anything. 
“Then what have you been waiting for? Why didn’t you just ASK?” I demand, my voice getting louder and louder as I get increasingly frustrated. Finally, FINALLY he reacts. He drops his plate on the table, turns to me and grins a mischievous smile. 
“I was waiting for you to ask me that.” Then before I can yell at him again, he wraps a hand around the back of my neck, into my hair, pulls me forward and kisses me. There is no hesitation in his kiss, no doubt. I can feel how much he’s been wanting this, how much he’s been holding back. When he eventually pulls away, he stays close and I can’t help but lean. 
into him. 
“Why did you wait so long?” I ask breathlessly. Darrien sighs. 
“When I first met you, I thought I would have time and I was too nervous to speak up. Then all of a sudden you were in a relationship and I realised I had missed my chance. When you were… available again I knew I needed to say something, but I didn’t want to rush you after you’ve been through so much. You were in so much pain and I didn’t feel right pursuing you. when you were emotional and vulnerable. But I also knew I needed to make my intentions. clear and declare myself sooner rather than later so that we didn’t end up back in the same situation again with you unavailable and me pining after you. So I made our courting official and since then I’ve been waiting for you to be ready and to come to me. Which I suppose you just did.” He smiles a deeply satisfied smile and I can’t decide if I want to kiss him or punch. him. All this stress and anxiety because he was waiting for ME to make a move? It didn’t even. occur to me. Also, he’s been waiting for me since we first met? 
“You might be the most patient man I’ve ever met.” I tell him dryly and he laughs. 
3/5 
Megan 8–Presents and patience. 
“Which is a good thing, because you made me wait a long time.” He points out and I groan. 
“Don’t remind me. I’m not patient at all. I don’t know how you did it.” 
“You’re worth it.” He answers softly, leaning in to kiss me again. We’re interrupted by Bellamy, Ryann and Kiara getting home. Ryann walks in and laughs in excitement. 
“FINALLY!” She declares grinning at Bellamy. 
“I am currently realising how weird it is to walk in on my sister with a guy. This might take some time to get used to.” He says in a teasing tone. I smirk. 
“Well get used to it. Darrien was taking far too long so I’ve decided. He and I are together 
now.” I narrow my eyes at Ryann. 
“If 
you 
have an opinion on this you had better speak now or forever hold your peace because I am NOT going through all this again.” I say pointedly. She just shrugs. 
“Congratulations?” She says awkwardly and I grin. Good.. 
“Auntie Megan 1-” Kiara stops as she enters the living room and assesses the situation. I am practically sitting on Darrien’s lap and she’s a smart girl. 
“Does this mean Darrien is my uncle now too?” She whispers to Ryann very loudly. Darrien 
answers on her behalf. 
“I would love to be your uncle.” Kiara grins and runs in to hug us both. Suddenly my dreams of having a family of my own don’t seem unrealistic anymore, although I’m going to have to adjust them to fit my new goal of running my own business. Still I’m sure Darrien will help out. Well, I have a lot of new goals. I had better get started on them. 
“Darrien? You should move into my room. Also, I think you should invite your mother to visit. It’s beyond time for me to meet her.” I tell him. No more waiting for me. I’ve never been. 
very patient anyway. 
###Chapter 237
Aaron 1- Clubs and curiosity 
Ryann 
Aaron has been acting strange lately. It took me a while to be sure of it since he doesn’t emote much. But he seems… tired. Less engaged with things than he usually is. He’s good at hiding it. But I’m sure I’ve caught him yawning more than once recently. I tried pointing it out but he just gave an apologetic shrug and waved it off. Is he working too much? Or is it something else, something in his personal life? I don’t know much about what he does when he’s now following me around. It’s not like he talks about himself all that much. No one I ask seems to know anything either. He’s a very private person, but surely he doesn’t just sit at home all the time. Okay, this is my new mission. I want to know what Aaron does for fun. I’m not just being nosy, It’s for the sake of his health. I’m concerned, that’s all. 
Aaron 
Escorting Alpha Ryann around is generally a pretty simple task. She’s friendly and not demanding at all. I think she forgets that she’s in charge sometimes. Despite the fact that she isn’t a Shifter, she’s also very popular and dominant when she wants to be, so it’s not like she gets attacked very often. I always stay alert, but there are no current threats against her and she is with Alpha Kane more often than not. I’m just dropping her home now and then I will be free for the rest of the evening. I don’t regret taking this job. It’s an important role and I like all the people I work with. Still, outside of work my life is pretty dull. I spend most of free time in feline form going out running or just napping. I shift into a very I always keep to the land owned by the compound. Most people tend to panic when they run into me and turning back to my two legged self rarely helps. I’m a large man and I have not. been blessed with the ability to reassure people with my words. I know I tend to make people uncomfortable. It’s actually why I requested the task of protecting Ryann, even before she was officially the female Alpha. She’s never seemed uncomfortable around me and while she likes to tease me and try to trick me into speaking to her, she’s never been offended by my silence. 
large Tiger 
As is quickly becoming my routine, I take Alpha Ryann home, make sure she is safe and that I’m not needed for the rest of the evening then I shift and I run. Since I finished work so early, I have a little more time than usual so I make it all the way to the edge of our land. I start running along the edge of the borders of the compound and I run until I’m exhausted. I stop with every intention of taking a nap when I hear something. I strain my ears but all I can make out is a vaguely pleasant tune. Curious, I follow the sound right up to the edge of 
1/3 
Aaron 1- Clubs and curiosity 
the property. I can tell that it’s music, and it seems like a woman singing. I want to know more so I cautiously leave and enter the city. It’s dark so I keep to the shadows and do my best to avoid drawing any attention. I would shift back but I didn’t plan to go anywhere so I didn’t bring clothes and walking around naked brings its own host of problems. I usually prefer to be in my feline form as no one expects me to talk to them. There’s less pressure. I’m not far from the border when I find what looks like a bar or club. The music is coming from inside and it really is lovely. I don’t recognise the song though which frustrates me because I would like to listen to it more. Eventually the music changes to more generic songs and I start to lose interest. It’s frustrating that I didn’t get any answers, but it’s getting late so I 
begin the long run home. 
I spend most of the day Saturday while I’m working thinking about the music I heard the night before. I want to hear it again, and more than that, I want to know who was singing. Was it a recording or was it live? That place seemed like the type of place to have live music. I finish work at my regular time and once again I shift and go for a run. I don’t even think about it but I make a beeline straight for the club from the night before. Once again, I can hear the singing and I’m convinced that it has to be live. I stalk around the building hoping to see some kind of poster or advertisement for who is performing so that I can go look them. up, but no such luck. I hover around outside until the singer finishes and then I head home, with no more information than I had the night before. I can’t sleep for the rest of the night. 
I’m too busy thinking about the music and how relaxing it was. 
Sunday I finish late. Alpha Ryann insisted that I join them for dinner and while I appreciate the invitation, I really want to get out and go for my run. I excuse myself as soon as I politely can and run to the club. In my hurry, I get careless and I am spotted by the bouncer standing out the front of the club. A human guy who goes pale at the sight of me but manages to stay impressively calm despite his racing heartbeat. 
“H–hello. You’re a Shifter aren’t you? I can’t imagine there are many actual tigers runni around town. Max mentioned that he thought he saw a big cat creeping around on Friday, I guess that was probably you. Uh… I’m James. You know, if you want to come in you can. We don’t discriminate here. I mean, it would probably be easier if you didn’t come here as a tiger… but if you want you’re still welcome to come in. There is a cover fee of twenty dollars, but I’ll waive it tonight since I doubt you have cash on you.” The human offers kindly. Hmm, I’m not sure why he is being so helpful, but my curiosity wins out and I move away from the shadows and give him a slow nod. He smiles at me weakly and steps aside, holding the door open for me. I head in, although I don’t miss how he pulls a twenty dollar note from his own. pocket and adds it to the cashbox. I resolve to pay him back in the morning. The club is 
2/3 
Aaron 1- Clubs and curiosity 
pretty quiet, not surprising for a Sunday night, and the room is dark. The stage is well lit and I find my eyes are drawn to the woman at the microphone. Tall with white hair spilling over her shoulders in waves going down past her waist. She is stunning but more than that, her voice is mesmerising. The whole room seems to agree because there is not a single word being spoken as she sings and almost no one is able to tear their eyes away from her. They don’t even notice me walking in. I creep around the back of the room and I find a comfortable looking couch pushed into a back corner. I doubt it gets used much, it has a good view of the stage but isn’t great if you want to actually socialise with anyone or order a drink. Still, it’s perfect for me. I climb onto it, careful not to damage it with my claws and relax into the cushions. I close my eyes and relax as I listen to the woman sing and despite the smell of stale beer and too many bodies, I can’t think of a time I have felt more comfortable. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 238
Aaron 2- Sisters and sleep 
I stayed at the club until the end of the woman’s set then went home in a daze. After not sleeping the night before I was more than ready to get some good rest. I slept better last night than I have in years. I woke up early this morning and felt incredibly refreshed. I have some time before I need to go meet Alpha Ryann so I take the chance to look the club up online. I find their contact information and through a series of emails determine that the singer only performs Friday through Sunday. I also manage to get banking information. I send through payments to cover my entry for the next Friday through Sunday and an additional hundred dollars which I note is a tip to go to James who assisted me at the door. I can afford it. I work a lot and running around in my feline form isn’t exactly an expensive form of entertainment. Not to mention renting a place on the compound is always cheap for Shifters. We all tend to prefer to live in large groups, although I might be the exception to the rule. I have three sisters and I was eager to move away from them. Not too far away, just to the other side of the compound. They’re as loud as I am quiet. Actually, Alpha Ryann reminds me of them quite a bit. So I suppose as much as I want space from them I do enjoy being around them or I wouldn’t have chosen to work for her. 
The next week is agony. I used to enjoy my quiet little one bedroom place, but now it’s empty, it’s TOO quiet. I make it to Wednesday until I realise I won’t be getting to sleep. I’m getting drowsy at work and it’s absolute hell. Thursday night I end up back at my sister’s place. My parents are away on some extended road trip, enjoying their retirement. But my sisters should be more than loud enough on their own. 
“Not that we’re not glad to see you.” Kassie starts. 
“And we ARE glad to see you.” Mara adds. 
“But is there a reason you suddenly want to stay over when your place is like five minutes from here?” Jay finishes. The three of them are technically all a year apart in age. At ages nineteen, twenty and twenty one they act more like triplets and since they all look 
very alike with dark hair and eyes they enjoy messing with people. It doesn’t work on me though, much to their disappointment. I learned to tell them apart when they were growing up. To answer their question, I just shrug. All three of them exchange loaded looks that I can’t quite interpret. 
“Is there someone in your house, like a friend you agreed to have over that you’re avoiding?” 
1/4 
Aaron 2- Sisters and sleep 
Jay suggests. I roll my eyes and shake my head. Does she seriously think I would move away from them only to invite someone else to stay? 
“Is there some problem with your job? I haven’t interacted much with Alpha Ryann but she 
seems really nice. You were happy when you first took the job. Has something changed?” 
Mara demands. 
“No.” I answer out loud this time. I don’t want to leave any space for doubt. Ryann is great to work for. Kassie considers carefully before taking her turn to guess. 
“Are you having problems with a girl? I can’t think of anything else you might need our help for. You’ve always been the independent one.” She points out. I consider what she’s asked. Is my problem because of a girl? I mean, I want to hear her sing again, but I’m not sure that my place feeling empty is ‘because of a girl‘. I just shrug. 
“Not really.” I answer. All three of my sisters squeal and jump around in excitement. I stare at them hopelessly. 
“Don’t give us that ‘I said not really‘ look. You took way too long to answer us. Which means you were totally thinking about a girl. We know you big brother. Don’t think you can get away 
with this!” Mara insists. 
“Tell us her name!” Jay demands. I blink in surprise. Am I really that easy to read? I’m also 
realising that this conversation is not going to get my sisters anywhere. 
“I don’t know her name.” I admit. My sisters all pout, disappointed. 
“Where did you meet her?” Kassie persists. 
“I haven’t met her. Not really.” This is getting awkward, I’m sounding more and more like a stalker. But I’m not stalking her, not really….Am I? I mean, supporting an artist who is performing is perfectly acceptable. She wouldn’t sing in public if she didn’t want people to watch. Right? Damn, I need to find out her name. Not to mention I need to tell my sisters to stop getting carried away. I’m not looking at dating this woman. I just want to hear her sing 
again. 
“Where did you see her then?” Mara asks suspiciously. I roll my eyes. She can’t seriously 
2/4 
Aaron 2- Sisters and sleep 
think I’m going to tell them something like that? They’ll have the place staked out before 
morning. 
“Ugh, fine. If you don’t want our help, what ARE you here for?” Kassie asks, frustrated. 
“To sleep.” I answer simply. I spend another avoiding and outright ignoring questions from my nosy but well meaning sisters, then I excuse myself and head up to my old bedroom. I had hoped the sounds of my sisters bickering would be enough to help me rest, but no such luck. Sleep eludes me until the early hours of the morning. 
During the day Friday I find myself struggling to stay awake at work. Admittedly, watching Alpha Ryann and Megan pick out cake samples isn’t the most interesting way to spend my afternoon, but I should know better. If Darrien weren’t so focussed on Megan all the time he would probably have noticed my attention wandering. I’m so tired that I gratefully accept. when Ryann offers me a piece of cake. Maybe the sugar will help. Still, I’m glad when the day is over. Much more of this and people are going to start to notice. When I’m dismissed for the 
day I shift and run straight back to the club, not even stopping to eat before I go. I make it before the woman takes the stage and I’m greeted cheerfully by James the doorman who thanks me for the tip and greets me by name having apparently received my payment for the night. I claim the same couch I sat on last week and when the woman starts her set I find myself purring. I thought I had to be imagining how beautiful her voice was, that I had tricked myself somehow, but no. It’s just as soothing as it was before and I am just so tired. I find my eyes are drifting closed as I listen. 
I jerk awake when James the doorman gently prods me in the side. 
too scared to 
“Uh, hello? We… We’re closing now.” He clears his throat uncomfortably. I crack my eyes open and see James crouched next to me and a couple of other staff members standing a few feet behind him eyeing me warily. I suppose they were wake me. I give a nod to show my understanding and when he backs away I step down from the couch and stretch before I head to the exit. I nod at the other staff members on the way out to show my thanks. I can’t believe I just fell asleep in a public space like that. Actually maybe I can. I have been really tired, even now I just feel sleepy and relaxed. I run home at a leisurely pace, feeling calm after my nap. When I get back to my place, I shift b
###Chapter 239
Aaron 3- Recognising and recording 
I visit the club again Saturday and Sunday night and I fall asleep again to the woman singing both times. By the time Monday comes I am feeling well and truly refreshed and ready to face the week. But once again, I can’t sleep. I struggle all week until Friday comes around again. and I just know that Alpha Ryann has noticed something is up with me. She’s been watching me closely since Thursday morning. I practically stumble into the club Friday night and I’m asleep before the woman finishes her first song. I don’t know how I ended up so dependent on her performances to sleep, but it’s definitely starting to become a problem. 
By Sunday night I’m rested enough that I manage to stay awake for the entire set. Okay, so I maybe dozed off a little part way through it, but only for a few minutes and I woke up before she even left the stage. I consider that a win. I’m just contemplating if I want to head home or if I want to stay curled up a little while longer when a voice interrupts my thoughts. 
“Hey Shifter. My name is Penelope, although you can call me Penny if you like. Most people do.” The woman whose voice I have been admiring perches herself on the arm of the couch by 
my feet. She doesn’t seem nervous around me at all which is unusual. Up close I can see that her hair is definitely white, pinned up in some complicated hairstyle. I can also tell that her 
eyes are dark, so dark they are nearly black and that she smells like the ocean. I can’t see her 
mark anywhere, but I doubt this woman is human. She smells different to any other human I’ve ever met. I tilt my head curiously. I’m not complaining, I did want to know her name. But I can’t figure out why Penelope has approached me. She smiles at me cheerfully. 
“Oh don’t mind me. I was just thinking I wanted to know the name of the Shifter who keeps turning up and then sleeping through all my shows. Although I suppose you can’t exactly tell me when you’re a giant cat.” She says thoughtfully. James, who has been watching us from the door, apparently entertained by the interaction, takes a chance to interrupt. 
“Penny, his cover is paid by someone named Aaron if that helps. I’m fairly sure that’s his name.” He adds helpfully. Penny leans forward from her spot on the arm of the couch so that she can see my face better. 
“Aaron? Is that your name?” She asks. I give a deep nod. 
“Oh, cool. Well it’s nice to meet you Aaron. I really hope you’re sleeping during my shows. because you enjoy them, not because you’re bored to tears. Although I suppose you wouldn’t 
1/3 
Aaron 3- Recognising and recording. 
keep coming back if you hated them. Either way, I hope you have a good night. Will I see you. next week?” She asks. Before I can think, I find myself nodding my agreement. 
“Perfect. I guess I’ll see you then. Bye!” She dashes off in a flurry of energy that leaves me baffled. I stare after her blinking. James, who isn’t even pretending that he wasn’t watching approaches me and bravely pats me on the shoulder. 
“I know the feeling. She has that effect on most people.” He says knowingly. James has been my alarm all weekend so I suppose he’s gotten a bit more comfortable with me now. Not 
enjoying the implication, I retreat from the conversation and make my way home to bed. 
Another week of sleepless nights later, I find myself back on that same couch and falling asleep to Penelope’s voice. Unlike the previous times however, James isn’t the one to wake 
me. Penelope does at the end of her set. 
“You must be really tired, to be falling asleep all the time in a place like this.” She comments. She isn’t wrong. I give an exhausted nod. 
“I 
guess that’s why you’re coming to hear me sing huh? I’m half–Siren so my voice does affect people strangely sometimes. Usually it makes them just stare at me a lot. So sleeping is a kind of different response.” I tilt my head curiously. Half Siren. I knew she wasn’t human, and it explains how her voice is so beautiful. It’s magic. She misinterprets my look. 
“You don’t need to worry. I don’t have the hypnotic powers that a full Siren has. My magic is limited to a slight lure and a decent singing voice. Not particularly powerful but good for drawing in a crowd, thus why I can get a regular gig here for extra cash while I work on writing my own songs.” She explains conversationally. I have no idea why she is telling me any of this and I have no way to actually answer, so I just nod my head to show I understand. 
“This conversation is a little one–sided, huh? Although something tells me you’re not much of a people person even when you are a person. If you managed to keep track of that, what I’m trying to say is you probably wouldn’t be hanging around as a big scary cat if you were hoping for company.” She concludes. After a moment her face falls. 
“Which makes me the idiot who isn’t taking the hint. I’ll let you be.” Before I can find a way to correct her Penelope dashes off again. What is it with her ending conversations so abruptly? Or maybe she wouldn’t end them like that if I actually participated in the 
2/3 
Aaron 3- Recognising and recording 
conversation. 
The next night I finish work and I use my car to drive to the club in my two legged form. 
James stops me at the door and I realise that he doesn’t recognise me. 
“Hey man. It’s twenty dollars for a cover.” He tells me politely, but keeping his tone firm and professional. 
“Aaron.” I tell him simply. His eyes widen as he realises who I am. 
“Well, it’s about damn time you introduced yourself properly. You’ve been scaring the bartender.” He looks at me speculatively. 
“Although I can’t say that you aren’t intimidating like this. Still, it’s nice to have a face to go with the name. Well, a less furry face that is. Enjoy your evening.” He lets me pass and I skip the bar and make my way straight to my usual spot. I get a few odd looks and more than once, women try to approach me. But they must read something in my face because they 
never make it close, they scurry away the moment they make eye contact. When Penelope 
starts to sing, I use my phone and record a sound clip of her first song. I know the club has a no recording rule, but I’m not going to post it anywhere or anything. I’m just hoping it will help me sleep during the week. Then maybe I’ll have the energy to actually stay awake when 
I’m here and I can stop passing out in public places. I put my phone away quickly not wanting to get kicked out for breaking the rules. My task accomplished, I close my eyes and focus on Penelope’s voice. 
Chapter Comments 
5 
###Chapter 240
Aaron 4- Talking and teasing 
“I wasn’t sure it was you at first, but I don’t know anyone else who falls asleep in a club.” Penelope says. My eyes fly open as I feel her dropping down onto the couch beside me. She’s sweating a little from the stage lights but she still smells like the ocean. I have to fight not to sniff at her. I always liked the beach. Tonight her hair is in a braid resting over her left shoulder. I nod to confirm my identity and she snorts out a laugh. 
“I was right, just as quiet as a person. Although I guess maybe you don’t mind my company since you’re not a cat today?” She adds, her words a question. I give a slight nod. Can she tell how awkward I feel right now? I’m usually fairly comfortable with my silence, but something about Penelope makes me feel like I should be trying harder to answer. 
“That’s great. I was worried I’ve been bothering you. My teachers always told me I don’t know when to keep my mouth shut and leave well enough alone.” I raise an eyebrow and she just laughs. 
“Yeah, I know. She told me to talk less so I went out and decided to make a living with my voice. I always did like to be contrary.” She jokes. Penelope chatters at me for a while longer, telling me about her music and how she hopes she can make a proper living with it one day. She admits that she struggles a bit right now and that she occasionally has to borrow money from her parents to cover her bills. 
“Thankfully they’re really supportive and don’t mind that I’m a bit of a mess.” She concludes. 
“You’re not a mess.” I mutter quietly. 
“He speaks! And here I was starting to think you really didn’t talk.” She says with a smile. Her face falls as she glances at her phone. 
“I should probably be heading home though. I drove here at least. I used to take the bus and that was the worst.” She adds. My protective streak flares up. She used to take the bus this. late at night? Alone? That can’t be safe! She stands to leave and I find myself getting to my feet as well. Penelope looks at me strangely for a minute. 
“You look kind of upset.” She says slowly. Then shakes her head. 
1/4 
Aaron 4- Talking and teasing 
“No, wait. Not upset. Worried. Are you worried about me Aaron?” She asks and I nod. 
“Oh, well that’s real sweet of you. I’m fine though. I’m parked right out front.” She promises. I stare flatly at her and offer her my arm. I’m about to drop it when I remember that she probably doesn’t know what the gesture means to Shifters, but before I get the chance, she places her hand on my arm. 
“Are you going to walk me to my car? What a gentleman!” She says cheerfully. We head out. together, Penelope waves and says goodbye to all the staff as we leave. James waggles his eyebrows at us on the way out. She rolls her eyes. 
“Ignore him. He likes to tease everyone. I think he enjoys his job far too much.” She complains. We stop at an old looking silver car. It’s small but seems serviceable enough. Penelope squeezes my arm gently, thanks me, then gets in her vehicle and drives away, leaving me to stare after her. 
Just like the previous week, Sunday night I have a little more energy since I’ve had a couple nights rest. I manage to stay awake for Penelope’s entire performance, although once again people try to approach me. I end up closing my eyes while I listen just so that people won’t. try to talk with me. I could come in my feline form but I don’t want to. I suppose there is ONE person I don’t want to drive away. 
“Hello again sleepyhead.” Penelope greets me after the show. My eyes fly open but I don’t bother to or react her assumption that I was sleeping. Does it really matter if she knows if I’m awake or not? It doesn’t seem to affect whether she approaches me or not. I give her a nod as a greeting then internally kick myself. Is it really that hard to just say hello? At very least I could try to smile or give some kind of encouraging sign. I know I’m fairly unapproachable, but I should be capable of at least that much! She drops into the seat beside me. 
“So, I was wondering what kind of job you have that has you so tired all the time.” She prompts me curiously. I try to think of the best way to describe my job that would make 
sense to a non–Shifter. 
“Personal security.” Is the answer I end up going with. Penelope raises an eyebrow and looks. 
at me speculatively. 
“That does seem like something you’d be good at. Who do you do security for? Or am I not 
2/4 
Aaron 4- Talking and teasing 
allowed to ask that?” She asks curiously. 
“Alpha Ryann.” I respond. I don’t know if she even knows who that is but at least it’s an 
answer. 
“Hm, I don’t know a lot about Shifters, but I know your Alphas are super important right? So I guess your job is super important too. I bet you’re good at it, they wouldn’t pick you if you weren’t.” She thinks aloud. I shrug. 
“Volunteered.” I comment. 
“You picked your assignment? That’s nice. I guess that means you like your job, or at least. you have some goal in choosing it.” She falls silent for a minute and seems to be thinking something through. 
“I’ve heard a lot of weird stories about Shifter packs in the past. What’s that like? Oh, I hope I’m not annoying you. You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to. Although something tells me you never talk unless you actually want to.” Ah, so she is taking a page out of Alpha Ryann’s book and asking questions I can’t answer with a nod. Oddly enough I find I don’t mind answering Penelope. I try to think of an accurate answer. It’s sweet that she’s concerned about my pack given all the rumours she probably hears about Shifters, we ARE pretty private. But I think back to Alpha Ryann force feeding me cake and pestering me into relaxing whenever possible and how Alpha Kane dotes on her, his sister and their adopted child Kiara. They treat me like I belong there, like my own family does. I don’t want her to think poorly of 
them. 
“A large, noisy family.” I conclude and she smiles brightly at me. 
“That actually sounds kind of nice. I don’t have any siblings, just my parents. My house was always really quiet. Hey if your work isn’t the problem then why are you so tired all the time?” She continues her interrogation. I’m not sure I know the answer to that question. myself so I just shrug. 
“Insomnia?” I answer, although it comes out like a question. Penelope laughs.. 
suppose that’s as good an.explanation as any.” She bites her lip for a second before continuing. 
3/4 
ens provaury wants to get nome and get 
some rest. I didn’t mean to keep her. 
“I’ll walk you to your car.” I get to my feet and offer my arm to her. She looks oddly disappointed. 
“I meant… Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter. Thanks, that would be nice.” She lingers at her car, not unlocking it right away. 
“I didn’t mean I wanted to ditch our conversation.” She comments, hesitating. I don’t know what she wants, but she said she was hungry, She should go. 
“Go. Eat.” I insist. She nods but her shoulders fall and I know I’ve somehow said the wrong thing. Shit, I need to fix this. I don’t know what to do, but as she gives me a slight smile goodbye I let a small smile of my own slip out. Hers grows in response and she seems to straighten up again. 
“I’ll see you next time!” I stand and stare after her car for entirely too long after she has. driven away. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
? 6 
###Chapter 241
Aaron 5- Late and leaving 
The next week feels very long and I find that for most of it, I’m in a very foul mood. Not that anyone particularly notices since I tend to keep my thoughts and opinions to myself. I have caught Alpha Ryann looking at me strangely a few times though so she might have her suspicions. The only bright side is that I actually did sleep better. Not WELL but better than I have been. I suspect it is all thanks to the recording of Penelope that I have gotten any sleep at all. At the very least I have been able to function at a mostly normal level. Despite no longer being COMPLETELY reliant on going to hear Penelope sing at the club in order to get some rest, I am still ridiculously disappointed when Alpha Ryann asks if I can work late Friday. I know I could refuse, tell her that I have plans or something, and I know she wouldn’t mind. But protecting her is MY job, not to mention she would probably have a lot of questions if I said I have plans and I don’t want to answer them. Missing one night won’t be a big deal, right? It’s not like anyone will particularly care if I don’t turn up. 
Saturday I arrive at the club fairly late again. James is at the door again and he greets 
me enthusiastically. 
“Hey man. I didn’t see you last night.” He comments, curiosity in his tone. I shrug. 
“Working.” I say as an explanation. 
“Ah, I get it. Still, it’s good you’re back. You were missed, you know.” He says with a wink before turning to take money from someone else trying to enter. What? I barely interact with anyone. How could have been missed? Who missed me? My mind immediately goes to Penelope, but that is probably just wishful thinking. I’ve hardly said more than a few words to her. Why would she care if I didn’t turn up? Although I do think I need to make more of an effort to talk to her. Actually, I WANT to talk to her, to get to know her. I might be reserved, but I’m not stupid. My sudden inability to sleep without hearing her voice isn’t just because she’s a good singer. I don’t go out of my way to talk to just anyone. I’m feeling determined and slightly anxious when I head inside and sit in my usual spot. I expect to hear Penelope. already on stage singing, but she’s nowhere to be seen. It is at least twenty minutes past when she usually starts. Is she not performing tonight? Why not? Is she sick? Did something happen? I’m struck by the sudden need to go track her down. Perhaps I can convince James to give me more information about her, like where she lives. If he won’t talk then I could always 
recruit Alex to find her information for me. He would ask questions, but he would do it, even if I don’t answer him. Although I can bet that the Alphas would hear about it. Probably Alpha 
1/4 
Aaron 5- Late and leaving 
Ryann. Alex has taken to giving a lot of his reports to her. I think she makes him more 
comfortable. 
My planning is interrupted when Penelope collapses into the couch beside me. Oh. I guess she’s okay after all. I may have overreacted a little. I was just… concerned. I’m too distracted to control my expression so my shock must show on my face. Penelope laughs at my surprise. 
“Hey, I hoped you would turn up tonight. I didn’t see you yesterday and I was worried you weren’t coming anymore. Did something happen?” she asks, her tone is one of sweet concern. I shake my head. 
“Just work.” I explain. I hesitate, should I elaborate further? I’ve never been good at knowing how much to say, so unless I really have something that needs to be said I usually don’t say much at all. But that’s no way to develop a relationship. Before I can figure out what else to say, if anything, Penelope continues speaking. 
“You really are very quiet aren’t you?” She comments, I nod and then hrug. Damnit. I knew I should have said more. 
“It’s kind of nice, at least I know you’re a good listener. I talk way too much. Most people probably wish I would STOP talking so much.” She says the words as a joke although from her 
slight frown I would say that at least a part of her believes it. 
“I like your voice.” I tell her, trying to be reassuring. I immediately want to slap myself. ‘I like your voice.‘ Could I have thought of something more awkward to say? I could have told her that she doesn’t talk too much, or that I’m sure people enjoy conversations with her, that I enjoy conversations with her. But no, I just told her that I appreciate her voice. I study her face to see her reaction. She seems thoughtful for a moment, then pleased. She gets to her. feet and I realise I must have misread her because she’s leaving. 
“I like e your voice too, even if I do barely hear it. Talking to you is fun. You might not talk much but you always answer. But I had better start my performance. I waited because I thought you might still turn up but I’m running super late now. I just didn’t want to risk you running off before I had a chance to so much as say hi. Oh but here.” She pauses then reaches into her cleavage and pulls a slip of paper out of her bra and holds it out to me between two fingers. I reach out and take it carefully. 
2/4 
Aaron 5- Late and leaving 
“I’ll talk to you later hopefully.” With a cheery wave she turns and makes her way to the stage. Wait, so she was… waiting for me? That’s a surprise. I unfold the slip of paper she gave me and find it’s a phone number. Did… Did she just give me her number? Why? What could I possibly have done to motivate her to want to share more about herself? Is she expecting me to call her? I have no idea what I would even say. I barely use my phone except for work. I have exactly four non–work related conversations in my phone. One with my mum, one with my dad, a group chat with my sisters and the strangely named chat that Alpha Ryann added me to ‘Cock Tales‘ which seems to mostly be a way for her and all her friends to keep up to date on the most recent gossip. I have to admit to enjoying that particular chat even if I don’t respond to it much. Aside from Alpha Ryann, no one tells me much aside from my sisters. I suppose most people take my lack of reaction as lack of interest. It’s not that I’m uninterested, I just prefer to think before I speak. Conversation rarely comes easily for me. Although I do have to admit that I am sometimes intentionally quiet when it comes to dealing with Alpha Ryann since she seems to have made a game out of getting me to talk. I 
don’t HAVE to submit reports in written form, but it was hilarious to see her response. Regardless, I have no idea why Penelope has given me her number or what she expects, but I carefully enter it into my phone, double and triple checking to make sure I wrote it correctly. I then fold the paper and tuck it carefully into my pocket, not wanting to lose it and 
accidentally share her phone number around. 
When her performance ends I find I am anxious and rather than risk embarrassing myself further, I decide to leave quickly. I hesitate at the exit of the club as I look out into the poorly lit parking lot. I turn to James who is watching me leave. 
“Keep her safe.” I order him with a pointed look at the dark car park. The doorman nods firmly. 
“Of course. Have a good evening.” I nod and leave, but I can’t help the nagging feeling that I should be making sure she gets home safely myself. 
###Chapter 242
Aaron 6- Plus one and prompting 
The next few weekends follow a predictable pattern. I would watch all of Penelope’s performances, she would stop by afterwards and say hi to me and chat for a few then I would walk her to her car and say goodnight. I spend my whole week looking forward to the weekend and more and more I wish I could spend time with Penelope elsewhere. Maybe get dinner. I was thinking how it would be interesting to see her interact with my sisters and how I’d enjoy showing her around the Shifter compound. I show her the Cock Tales group chat one night and I wonder what it would be like if she was part of the group, what comments she would contribute. The Alpha’s wedding is coming up soon and I imagine. what it would be like having someone to attend it with me. Penelope is the type of person who gets along with everyone so I can’t imagine that she would have any difficulties fitting in, unlike me. I’ve never minded being alone, but I enjoy spending time with Penelope and hearing what she has to say, and I want to tell her things too. To share the gossip I hear from the group chats or the observations I’v 
been making about our various friend’s relationships. 1 I want to tell her about the time I had to watch the two Alpha’s avoid each other for months while they figured out their feelings. But I have no idea what she wants from me. I don’t know how to start telling her these things, or how to bring them up. So I just stay quiet, answering when she asks me something and hoping that maybe she will ask something that will allow me to express what I actually want. It’s not that I want to change how I am, I just want a chance to share it more. 
It’s a Saturday evening, although not too late yet. I am out taking Alpha Ryann to meet up with Alpha Kane. We’re walking through a shopping district that is open late for the more nocturnal types of Magics and waiting for him to turn up. I’m hoping it will be soon so that I will have time to go see Penelope’s performance. She’s probably at the club getting ready now. It’s not too far from here so as long as Alpha Kane doesn’t take too much longer I can probably still make it on time. I’m doing my best to not show my impatience as we walk together, but it might be showing a little because Alpha Ryann has been watching me closely for a few minutes now and she seems suspicious and distracted. When I go to meet her gaze she looks away and off into the distance, briefly tripping over. She steadies herself with her light grip on my arm and her eyes dart back to me again then away as she focuses on walking safely. 
“So Aaron, I’ve been wondering… Do you have a plus one for my wedding? A girlfriend or a close friend you could ask? I mean Megan and Darrien will be going together. Shaun will be with Amber and I’m sure that Harry will be harassing Cam for the whole day. Alex told me he 
1/3 
Aaron 6- Plus one and prompting 
you to 
plans to attend alone but I haven’t checked with you yet. It would be a shame for spend the whole time by yourself, although you have to promise to save me a dance.” She adds casually. Almost too casually actually. I consider how to answer. I DID think of asking Penelope, but we haven’t even interacted outside of the club. Taking her to a huge wedding event might be asking a little much at this point. I haven’t even managed to ask her for a drink, and we spend all our time IN A BAR. She did give me her number so I could text her, maybe find a way to casually mention the wedding… But no. It would be completely out of the blue and I don’t want to make things weird. I take too long to answer and Alpha Ryann decides to speak again.. 
“You know any girl would be lucky to have you.” She prompts. I shrug my shoulders in a noncommittal gesture. Alpha Ryann rolls her eyes at me, clearly that wasn’t the response she was hoping for, 
“You know, I’ve noticed that you’ve been tried lately, and kind of distracted. Sometimes pretty eager to leave work too. Are you sure there’s no lovely Shifter lady that has caught your eye?” She pushes on. I shake my head quickly. It’s not a lie, Penelope isn’t a Shifter. Alpha Ryann isn’t dissuaded. 
“No? Well what about a NON Shifter lady?” She continues. I freeze up and tense, She can. obviously feel it with her hand on my arm. Before I can blink she’s stopped walking and has stepped to face me properly. 
“I KNEW it!” She bounces excitedly. 
“Who is the girl? What is she? When can I meet her?” She blurts out question after question not leaving time for me to answer even if I did know what to say. I stare at her helplessly. She is caught up in her excitement and I doubt she will be satisfied with a shrug or non–answer. 
“When are you seeing her next?” She tries again. Almost unconsciously, I look in the general direction of the club where I know Penelope must be. Alpha Ryann follows my gaze and her eyes go out of focus for a moment then narrow thoughtfully. 
She is pulled from her thoughts by the arrival of Alpha Kane who immediately pulls her into his arms and tight against his chest. He lets out a deep sigh that almost seems like relief to have her back at his side. 
2/3 
Aaron 6- Plus one and prompting 
“Why are you just standing on the street? I thought we were meeting at the restaurant.” He asks curiously. 
“I’ll explain in a minute.” She responds with a sweet smile before returning her attention to 
me. 
“Aaron you should finish for the night. Actually, take tomorrow off too, You’ve been working too much lately. I suspect you have better things to do.” She tells me with a cheeky grin. I’m a little embarrassed, but letting me leave now means I can make the performance and I’ll have plenty of time tomorrow too. I could even get dinner first, I give a deep nod. 
“Thank you Alpha.” I tell her seriously, hoping she can see how much I appreciate the offer, Alpha Ryann shrugs. 
“I’ve told you before to just call me Ryann! Just for that I’m going to update the group chat on my suspicions. If you want to defend yourself, I suggest you start thinking about your response now. Have a nice evening!” Without waiting for my reaction, she hooks her arm through Alpha Kane’s and begins to drag him away. As much as I want to chase after them and demand to know what she’s planning to tell everyone, I want to hear Penelope sing more so I turn on the spot and head in the opposite direction towards the club where I know she will be waiting. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
5 
<SHARE 
###Chapter 243
Aaron 7- Hints and hesitation 
I manage to arrive a few minutes early for Penelope’s performance. I approach my usual seat only to find that Penelope is already sitting there. I hesitate. She’s always the one to approach me, I’ve never approached her before. Maybe she doesn’t want to talk. I resist the desire to turn and run. I’m being an idiot. She talks to me all the time, and she’s sitting in the sent I always take at approximately the time I always arrive. She wouldn’t be doing that if she didn’t want to talk right? Not to mention I did come here with the intention of seeing her, maybe finding some way to ask if she would be willing to be my date for the Alpha’s wedding. I’m not good at asking for things. It would be nice if she would conveniently just bring up weddings and how much she loves to attend them. That would make my life a lot easier. I approach her and pause standing in front of her, not wanting to crowd her. She pats the couch beside her and I sit, relieved to have an invitation. I do my best to sit, leaving a similar amount of distance between us as she usually leaves when she sits beside me. Something I have kept careful track of. She originally left enough space for a whole person between us but now she leaves a noticeable gap but not enough that anyone could sit there. 
“I was waiting for you to get here.” Penelope says with a nervous smile, pushing her white hair back behind her ears. 
“I’m here.” I respond. See, I was right. She was waiting for me. The question is why. She laughs and elbows me in the side gently. I resist the desire to grab her arm and pull her 
closer. 
“Yes I see that.” She says jokingly. She falls silent and looks like she is struggling to find the right thing to say which is very unlike her. Maybe I should help? 
Khu were you 
waiting?” I ask gently. Her eyes fly open and a smile crosses her face. Apparently she appreciated my poor attempt to continue the conversation. Maybe this isn’t hard as I thought. Instead of worrying about saying the right thing, maybe I should focus on just trying to talk at all, or encourage her to talk if I can’t do it myself. She takes a deep breath then lets it out slowly. 
“I was waiting because I wanted to talk to you and since you haven’t called me or event messaged me, this is the only way I can do it. It’s not like I can stop by your work or anything.” She says in a rush. I stare as I think over what she said. She wanted me to call. She’s been waiting for it and I didn’t. I feel like a jerk. I’ve been making her do all the work 
1/5 
Aaron 7- Hints and hesitation 
approaching me, but at the same time I’ve made it nearly impossible for her to actually do anything. She can only see me when I choose to show up at her work, I’ve given no chance for her to actually approach me on her own. Yet somehow she has STILL been trying to talk to me. I’m starting to think that I have severely misinterpreted her actions. I should probably apologise. Now that I think about it I have been kind of an asshole. 
I’m trying to figure out the best way to say I’m sorry when Penelope sighs and gets to her feet to leave. Shit, I took too long again, she’s leaving and she looks upset. I panic and grab her hand to stop her from leaving. 
“Sorry.” I blurt out. She considers me with a sad look on her face before pulling her hand away from me. 
“It’s alright, I get it. You don’t have to talk to me if you don’t want to. I have been the one forcing my company on you. I’ll let you be.” She promises firmly. Shit, shit SHIT. I have screwed up. She completely misunderstood what I was apologising for. I was trying to say sorry for not making more of an effort and she thought I was saying I’m not interested? I need to fix this and I need to be clear. She’s alread 
turning to leave… 
“Wait.” I say, louder than I’ve said almost anything in a long time. Penelope freezes and half 
turns back to face me. 
“I… I do want to talk to you. Very much. I just don’t know what it is you want me to say.” I admit. To my utter shock Penelope starts to laugh. I’m completely embarrassed and want to hide but she just beams at me and her smile is so beautiful that I find myself smiling back instead of running away. If this is my reward for talking I’ll have to do it more often. 
“You know, I’m starting to think that maybe you aren’t as good at listening as I thought. I thought I was being obvious but I can wait for you to figure it out.” She winks at me before turning and heading to the stage. 
“So I know I don’t usually do this, I’ll be dedicating this performance to a guy who needs to learn to take a hint. Aaron, just to make myself clear, this is for you.” Penelope announces into the microphone with a cheeky grin and a bout of laughter runs through the room. I’m stunned and I can’t look away as she begins to sing. I’ve always loved her performances, but for the first time, I take the chance to listen to exactly what she’s singing. I’m embarrassed to that since I’ve slept through so many of them I haven’t really paid much attention to the 
say 
2/5 
Aaron 7- Hints and hesitation 
specific songs. I’ve just been enjoying her voice. With each new song it becomes increasingly clear to me that there is a definite theme to the songs that Penelope is singing tonight. They’re all ‘girl meets boy‘, ‘notice me already‘, love songs… and she’s dedicated them to me. The realisation is enough for me to realise that I’ve been lying to myself. I’m not just interested in Penelope, I’m damn near obsessed with her. I could ask Alpha Ryann to be sure but I think she’s my mate… and if she isn’t? Well I don’t care. I’ll make her mine anyway, 
assuming she’ll have me. Now I just have to figure out HOW. 
Penelope finishes her set and I launch myself out of my seat and meet her at the edge of the stage. Instead of going round to the stairs she just slips down to sit on the edge and without hesitation I take her gently by the waist and lift her down. Penelope stands in front of me, flushed and a little sweaty from her performance but looking absolutely beautiful. 
“Did. you like it?” She asks me excitedly. I nod quickly not wanting her to think otherwise. 
She beams at me. 
“Do you have anything else you want to tell me now?” She asks with a pointed look. I open. my mouth to answer then realise that every set of eyes in this club are watching. I’m not shy, but I am not sure that I want to do this in front of so many people. Penelope might be used 
to the stage, but I’m not. 
‘Can I walk you out?” I ask awkwardly. Her face falls a little but she doesn’t turn me down. It offer her my arm and she links hers through it and lets me lead her to the exit, collecting her bag from behind the bar on the way. I feel everyone’s eyes on us as we leave and the protective part of me wants to shield her from view and run out of here, or maybe fight them off. When we make it outside I let out a sigh of relief. We reach her car and she lets go of my 
arm, 
but before she can start digging through her bag for her keys I take her hand in mine and she turns to face me with a wary expression. 
“I’m not very good at asking for what I want and I’m not great at communicating. But I want to try. If I work on talking to you, would you allow me to court you?” I practically choke out the last few words as I wait for her response. After her performance I believe she will say yes, but there’s always that little bit of fear. 
“I thought you would never ask.” Penelope beams at me, joy shining in her eyes. Before I have time to so much as smile she reaches out, grabs the collar of my shirt, yanks me down and presses her lips against mine in a brief kiss. Just as fast she lets me go and steps back. 
3/5 
Aaron 7- Hints and hesitation 
“Now that’s a reason for you to be stunned into silence.” She jokes. I can’t help but laugh. My heart is racing, my hands itching to touch her and my mind is pretty much blank. 
“That was a yes, in case it wasn’t obvious enough.” Penelope jokes. Then unlocks her car and climbs in. I remember my manners and close the door behind her. She winds down her 
window. 
“Call me, or text if it’s easier. I’ll be waiting.” She grins at me and drives away. 
Ryann 
Monday morning I wait eagerly for Aaron to arrive for work. As usual he turns up perfectly on time. His expression is as neutral as ever, but there’s a bounce to his step that is new and occasionally out of the corner of my eye I see a hint of a smile. He’s also checked his phone. more today than he has in the entire time I’ve known him. I knew he was acting strangely lately, I was getting worried right up until I saw his red thread the other night and realised what was going on. It seems like my pep talk worked because I haven’t ever seen him so happy. I’m just sorting through my schedule and confirming what we have on for the day. when Aaron clears his throat behind me. Interesting. I turn and smile at him encouragingly. 
“Yes?” I ask. He holds out a hand with a familiar card. I take the R.S.V.P. card for my, wedding 
and take a look. 
“Attending and bringing a plus one.” I confirm out loud. Aaron’s blank expression slips again and a small smile escapes him. He nods firmly. 
“I’m so happy for you. I can’t wait to meet her.” I gush and he just nods again. 
“And I’m going to remind you again that you can totally take time off when you need it, and if you have plans or a date or anything just tell me and I can add it to my schedule to make sure that I don’t ask you to work. Okay?” He nods again and it seems like that smile is here to stay. Just a small hint of pleasure, something that I doubt anyone would even notice if they didn’t spend all day with him like I often do. He goes to leave the office, probably to get a coffee or something. 
“Oh, one last thing. I’ll need her name, you know, for the placecards.” I tell him. Aaron pauses. and without turning back to me answers. I’ve never heard anyone speak a single word with as 
4/5 
Aaron 7- Hints and hesitation 
much emotion as he does when he responds. 
“Penelope.” 
###Chapter 244
Strings of Fate 
Cam 1- Mocktails and magic 
It’s a fairly busy night at my bar, Witches Booze. Well, it’s half mine. The other half belongs to some guy who prefers to remain anonymous and have absolutely nothing to do with the place. I have no clue why he even wants part of this place but since I couldn’t afford it alone 1 
r owner appreciate it. I bought my half off of a Warlock who wanted to retire. I think the other was a friend of his. Maybe one day I’ll be able to afford the other half but in the meantime, having a hands off partner works for me. It’s a few hours until closing but I’m already satisfied with my evening. We’ve been doing well and I managed to help someone with one my potions again. I’m not licensed to SELL potions, but technically there’s no laws against giving them away as long as they aren’t too dangerous. I want to say that I do it to help people, and sure that’s a benefit. But mostly I like to give them away to spite my family and ex coven. Witches are known for being secretive, exclusive and money hungry and my family. are no different. Honestly, I was a lot like them too until a few years ago when I realised how power hungry they really are and turned my back on them entirely. My dear grandmother decided it was time for me to get married. Obviously to a family that would help us gain more wealth, power and help me breed little Witch babies. I went along with it to an extent. Like sure, I was willing to meet the guy and see how things go. Like if he’s a good guy, then money and power is a bonus. But the guy was an asshole who just saw me as a breeding machine. When I told my family that I wouldn’t go through with the marriage they weren’t happy but that wasn’t what caused me to cut them off. No, my grandmother decided that I could still be useful to them and attempted to spell me with a love potion to make me more amenable to the idea of marriage. Thankfully, I had been experimenting with some new potions earlier that day and something about the combination of spells in my system negated each other. But after they tried to use me that way I knew I needed to leave. I took every bit of my savings which were fairly substantial given my family’s business and left. I bought half of this bar and put down a payment for a little single bedroom apartment and now just to spite my grandmother, I regularly give away spells and potions that they could charge a fortune for. 
Tonight I spelled a woman’s necklace to make it indestructible. I also tested a new potion on the Incubus who has been hanging around almost every night lately. I don’t often test potions on customers, but he is particularly annoying. Always flirting with me and any other woman. He was with two women tonight but they both seemed to be with their partners so I suppose he had no chance with them. I–know it isn’t fair but I don’t really like Incubi very much. Their magic reminds me too much of the potion my family tried to trick me with. I don’t like to be manipulated. I watch as the Incubus Harrion approaches. Maybe the heat potion was a mistake because he’s taking the opportunity to unbutton his shirt and more 
1/3 
Cam 1- Mocktails and magic 
than a few women are eying him as he passes. Not everyone has the same ion to his magic as I do. I have to repress a groan as he heads straight towards me. He is undeniably attractive, all Incubi are. As his attention turns to me I feel a wave of warmth come over me 
and 
my heart begins to race. Damn Incubus. Using magic to make me want him is unfair. 
“You know, you don’t have to use a potion to get me hot.” Harrison says smoothly in a seductive voice as he approaches. I repress a shiver and roll my eyes at him. 
“Keep your clothes on or get out.” I tell him blandly. I’ve been doing my best to treat him. professionally by forcing a customer service voice but recently it’s been getting more difficult as he pushes my buttons more and more. Ordering stupid drinks with sexual names. Since I took over the bar has a rule that customers can order any drink. It took me weeks to set up but I have a summoning portal out back and if I don’t have an ingredient I can use magic to summon it and send money in exchange for it. I don’t use it often though since most people order fairly common drinks and I keep the place very well stocked. 
“No need to be so cold to me when you’ve already got me hot.” Harrison jokes, taking a seat 
at the bar. 
“Your friends are leaving.” I inform him pointedly but he just shrugs. 
“Yeah, I know. I’m going to stay a while longer. I have something to tell you.” He says with a grin. I repress a sigh. I knew tonight was going too easy. I take another customer’s order and make their drink before turning my attention back to Harrison. I would ignore him but he’s already proven it doesn’t work. He is patient enough that he will stay until closing if that’s what it takes to get my attention. He’s irritating, but despite his flirting, he is generally respectful of the fact that I’m working and he never harasses any of my other staff. I’ve found it’s easier to just give him a little bit of attention and hope that he leaves me alone. Although more and more often he hangs around until closing. It pisses me off but he’s actually good for business. Women are constantly buying him drinks and hanging around hoping for his attention. Harrison is waiting patiently for me to return to him. 
“What?” I demand. My arms crossed over my chest. His eyes drop to my chest briefly before. 
I 
darting back up to mine and I feel another rush of heat pouring over me. Damn him. Not only does he stare at my boobs but then he tries to manipulate me afterwards? I glare and he gives. me his most charming smile. 
2/3 
Cam 1 Mocktails and magic 
“As I said, I have something to tell you. But first I need to explain a little bit about my friend Ryann. You met her tonight. She has a rather unusual magic, you know. Completely unique actually. She can see relationships, friendships and things like that. But only ones that are fated to happen. So basically she can identify people’s soul mates.” He explains. Uh, okay. I have no idea where this is heading. 
“Okay.” I tell him blankly when I realise he’s waiting for some kind of response. He continues. 
“Right, so Ryann is my childhood friend, and she promised to tell me if she ever saw my soul mate. She just went through a whole heap of problems with her own fated mate because she was too secretive about it and didn’t tell him what she knew and I refuse to make that 
mistake 
to colyself. You know, knowing the truth and not saying anything. SO I dragged her here 
to confirm it and she did.” He finishes. I stare. 
“I have literally no idea what you’re trying to tell me.” I respond in confusion. Harrison laughs and reaches over the bar to grab my hand. Something he’s never done before. I stiffen in his grip and try to ignore how warm his hand is. That’s just because of the potion I gave him anyways. 
“Oh, I apologise beautiful. I thought it was obvious. I’m trying to tell you that you’re my soul. mate, fated mate. Whatever you want to call it. You and I are destined to fall in love, and since I’m a fan of honesty I thought I should make that clear. I intend to fall in love with 
you.” 
###Chapter 245
Strings of Fate 
Cam 2- Lonely and laughing 
I stare at the Incubus in shock, then roll my eyes. Does he think he’s being funny? That he’s going to somehow convince me to sleep with him by promising me love rather than just a good time? What possible reason could I have for believing him? I walk away and go to take someone else’s order. After I’ve made a few drinks and not returned to him, Harrison calls out 
to me again. 
“Cam?” I sigh, straighten my shoulders, flick my hair back behind my ear and turn back to 
him. 
“Yes?” I ask. 
“You didn’t really answer me before.” He points out. 
“I didn’t think you needed an answer. You didn’t ask me anything.” I respond. Okay, so maybe my answer is a cop out but it’s all he’s getting. Harrison furrows his brow and looks a little put out but he doesn’t complain or argue. He looks briefly contemplative before turning a cheesy grin my way. 
“Right, well in that case I’d like to order a drink. Can I get a Pornstar Martini?” he requests with a wink. I take a moment to consider what drink to make him. He’s not getting what he asks for. He’s probably the only person who doesn’t get the drinks they ask for. I won’t give him a spelled drink again, mixing spells and potions can have dangerous effects. But I can still pick a nasty tasting drink or maybe one with a gross or insulting name. I already gave him a blue balls shot and a sweet poison. Hmmm… I decide to make a drink called Buzzard’s Breath. Let’s see him figure out this one. I have to admit I did search for insulting drink ideas. on the internet since he seems to be searching for as many dirty named drinks as possible, something that really isn’t that hard to accomplish. I drop the drink off in front of him and with no hesitation at all he takes a sip. Seriously, I’m starting to think this guy has no taste buds, or he’s just fearless. Even after all the awful drinks and suspicious spells I’ve fed to him, he always downs whatever I put in front of him. It’s why I started testing potions on him in the first place. All Magics respond to spells differently and need different strengths of spells and ingredients so I like to experiment. I can test drinks for Witches on myself, and finding Humans who want to try weird spells is easy enough. There are enough magic obsessed Humans out there that I can manage. It’s the more obscure races that I need to test more. I’d love to test drinks on a few Shifters. I have a friend who is a doctor and she helps me out. 
1/3 
occasionally, but that’s mostly with medical related potions; not so much with ones I make for fun. But Shifters are a paranoid lot and I don’t know any who are willing to try my concoctions. I’ve decided that incubi are a little more resistant to magic than the average 
Human but recover slower than a Shifter. Also they seem more inclined towards spells that 
reduce inhibitions, or maybe they just seem like they work better because they aren’t all that 
inhibited to begin with. 
As the evening goes by and it gets later and later, Harrison keeps drinking and the bar slowly empties. At last call there’s almost no one left in the place but he hasn’t left. Not long later 
it’s time for me to kick him out. 
“Hey, it’s time for you to clear out. Do you need me to call you a ride?” I offer politely. He never accepts and I’ve never seen him get more than a little bit tipsy, but it’s part of my job. Plus I do experiment on him with weird drinks so you never know how drunk he’s going to 
end up. 
“Alright, I’m going turns back to me. 
He pushes away from the bar and sighs. Before leaving he stops and 
“You know I’m really glad I found you. I don’t know if I love you yet. But I’m sick of being alone. I only recently reconnected with Ryann and before that I had no one. I wasn’t great to be around in my teenage years and she knew that. It took longer than it should have for me to grow out of it. I’m lucky she forgave me. She’s the only friend I have left. You would have hated me back then. Like, more than you do now.” He sighs and his shoulders droop. 
my best 
“I know you don’t believe me, or maybe you don’t want to believe me. But you’re it for me. 
I’m probably not the kind of person you thought you would end up with. But I’ll do 
to be right for you. Not waiting for an answer, Harrison stalks his way out of the bar and into 
the dark night 
“What was up with him?” Cora, my other bartender for the night asks. I shrug. 
“Not sure, maybe he was more drunk than I thought?” I suggest. She laughs. 
“Could be. Or maybe Incubi get lonely too.” Cora says quietly. I roll my eyes. 
“Yeah right.” I tell her sarcastically. 
243 
Cam 2- Lonely and laughing. 
But 
“Hey, I know you’re all down on love and are busy doing your single and independent business owner thing and that’s great. I totally respect it and you’re doing awesome. But not everyone wants to be alone like you.” She s. I try not to flinch. It’s not that I don’t WANT to fall in love or have a relationship. But I want to be sure, and since I know that magic can affect anyone in the right circumstances and my family are relentless. without their involvement, dating an Incubus would result in the same problem. How could I ever be sure about my own feelings with someone who can manipulate them? That would require a level of trust that I don’t think I’m capable of. It’s better not to let him get his hopes up. No, there’s no way I could ever give him a chance. But maybe I should cut him a bit of a break. Cora is right, just because he’s an Incubus it doesn’t mean he isn’t lonely. Isn’t that why people come to places like this in the first place? 
Each night Harry turns up at my workplace I do my best to maintain a professional, polite but disinterested attitude. Although I do have to confess to messing with him a little bit when it comes to drinks, but how can I not retaliate when he orders a ‘Screaming Orgasm‘ or a *Redheaded Slut‘ and asks if I can make it blonde. I keep waiting for him to lose interest and move on, but he continues to turn up night after night and patiently waits for me to serve him. I work most nights and he seems to know it because he always comes and every time his presence is accompanied by a rush of heat which makes me flush red and contemplate all the things we could do if I were to just flirt back a little and take him up on his increasingly. outrageous offers. Damnit magic like his is just not FAIR. But as much as I want to hate him. for it I can’t. So every night I wait for his arrival with a combination of dread and 
anticipation. 
###Chapter 246
Strings of Fate 
Cam 3- Felines and favours 
I’m in the back room of Witches Booze sorting inventory and working out if I need to do an order this week or if it can wait another few days. It’s a monotonous task but one I’ve never really minded doing. It’s sort of relaxing, organising, ordering, sorting. It’s simple. There’s a wrong answer and a right answer. If I have enough of something I put it away and if I don’t then I add it to the order list. I could delegate this task to one of my employees but I prefer to do it myself so that I can be confident it’s done exactly how I want it. I have a battery powered speaker which I hacked with magic to have a stupidly long battery life and I am humming along to my playlist while having slices of the pizza I ordered for dinner. It’s late, the bar has already closed for the night, but sometimes after work I’m a little amped up and not ready to go home so I like to stay and get things done. Cleaning, ordering, finances. Basically anything that means I can take a morning off and sleep in. Plus it’s always so peaceful at night when the customers are gone and I can just relax here alone. Even better, this late at night there’s no chance of my family trying to call and harass me about my life. choices. My confidence that it won’t be my mother calling me is the only reason I answer my phone without checking the caller I.D. 
“Hello?” I answer, the room feeling oddly silent since the music stopped when I picked up the call. I switch it to speakerphone and drop it on my work table so that I can keep sorting my 
inventory. 
“Hello Camille.” A grumpy sounding voice greets me and I can’t help but grin. 
“Hey Ella. Why are you calling so late?” I ask. Ella is a Shifter and a doctor. She helps me with some of my more experimental potions and in exchange I keep her stocked with healing potions, numbing spells, stuff like that. Sadly it isn’t as simple as just a one size fits all heals everything potion. Different races need different mixes just like they do with alcohol and different spells will heal different things. There are potions for replenishing blood, ones that are like antibiotics, ones to reduce pain, close wounds, help bruising heal faster. Some can be mixed together and others can’t. So making them and administering them is a difficult and detailed task. I could never decide what the best potion is to give someone who is in need of medical assistance and Ella would have no idea how to mix the potions. So we work together 
and we both learn. 
“I’m calling to ask you a favour, or rather I’m asking a favor on behalf of my Alpha’s mate who will eventually also be Alpha. If you want to refuse I wouldn’t hold it against you and I 
1/3 
Cam 3- Felines and favours 
did warn them that I will not pressure you to help. I’m only calling so late because… Well the Alpha’s mate… She’s not what I expected. I want to help her and I think that she’s in something of a hurry.” She explains. Oh? That’s interesting. Ella is well known for disliking everyone and everything. She’s grumpy and pessimistic. For her to say she likes someone is a big deal. 
“What’s the favour?” I prompt.. 
“They need to ask questions about Witches and details about a few specific spells. You know it’s hard to find Witches willing to share. She grumbles. It’s a common complaint of hers How advanced medical care could be if people would just work together and not be so 
secretive. 
“That’s true, but I could get in a lot of trouble if it gets around that I’m sharing secrets.” I remind her, a little concerned but not really. If Ella likes someone, that’s really enough for me. She doesn’t trust easily. It’s surprising enough that she told these people about me, but I guess she can’t really keep secrets from her Alpha. Although we’ve been running our experiments for over a year now and he’s never wanted to talk to me before now. I didn’t even 
realise he knew I existed. 
“Don’t go worrying now girl. I didn’t tell anyone. That new girl of his is sharp. She figured I had to have a contact if I had access to as many potions as I do. She asked after you.” Ella sounds both impressed and pissed off that this woman is competent. I can’t help but laugh. 
She reminds me of my own grandmother. Or at least how my grandmother seemed to me when I was a kid and completely unaware of politics, bloodlines and power. Just a cranky old woman with a bit of a sweet spot that shows in how she acts rather than how she speaks. It makes me miss my grandmother. Actually no, I don’t miss her, I miss the person I thought she was and I miss believing that she cared about my happiness more than what I can do for *her. I’d never admit it to her, but I’m lonely without my family and Ella… well she fills that 
void in a way. Which is why there really isn’t any favour I wouldn’t grant her. 
“I’m not worried. I trust you. If you think I can help your Alpha and his mate then I’m happy to talk to them. How’s tomorrow night? They could stop by the bar. I’ll ask Cora to pick up an extra shift so I can be free to talk out the back, she’s trying to save for a new car so I’m pretty sure she will say yes.” I answer, already planning out my evening for tomorrow. 
“Perfect. Eight O, Clock?” She confirms. 
23 
Cam 3- Felines and favours 
“Sounds great.” I agree. 
“Good. The Feline Shifter Alphas will both be coming I assume. Alpha Kane isn’t letting her out of his sight right now if he can help it.” She talks about her Alpha the same way she always does. With reluctant admiration. I can’t help but giggle. 
“Oh don’t you start with me girl.” She grumbles. 
* bet you know how it goes.” I promise.” 
“You don’t need to report back to me…” She pauses before continuing. 
*Til expect an update, not tomorrow night though. That’s far too late. I’m only up now as a favour. You can text me.” She declares, then as is her way she hangs up on me without warning. It’s silent for half a second before my music resumes. I turn it down, it’s almost 
Innoyingly loud after the quiet phone call. Now that was interesting. I’m actually kind of excited to find out what the Feline Alphas might want to ask me about, and if it means sharing Witchy secrets or ruining my parent’s sales, then even better. I would feel bad about it, but really nothing I do is going to even make a dent in their bottom line and even if it did. they can more than afford it. Plus they deserve it after trying to spell me the way they did. Still, I’m excited. I finish up the inventory stuff and set a reminder in my phone to call Cora first thing to ask her to pick up the shift. I head home to get some sleep, but sleep comes slow because I’m busy trying to decide what drink I should make the Alphas. I’ve been making a lot of interesting drinks lately. It’s actually been pretty fun, even if I have been making them all for one overly friendly Incubus. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 247
Strings of Fate 
Cam 4–Dosed and docile 
-A couple have just arrived and while Alpha Kane is exactly what I expected from Ella’s 
descriptions, his mate is not. Mostly because she isn’t even a Shifter. But there’s no doubt in my mind that they’re together. The way his eyes follow her and how comfortably mindful of him she is make it obvious. I am surprised to find that The Alphas are actually Harrison’s friends that he came in with the other night. I didn’t realise that he kept such respectable company. I watch as they sit at the bar and take the chance to make them a couple of drinks. I have to change my plan since I had picked in advance with Shifters in mind, but that’s alright. I pick a fairly weak drink for Ryann since I don’t know much about what she is. I DO still make the golden magically infused catnip drink for Alpha Kane though. I’ve been wanting to test this one and it should be harmless enough. It’s designed to just help a Shifter relax a little. Really it just does what alcohol is meant to do but faster than it usually would for a Shifter. I place the drinks in front of the pair of them careful not to spill. 
“Ryann right?” She holds her drink up to the light and watches the mica powder swirl. That’s my favourite part, it’s why I chose the drink for her. 
“Yeah, and this is Bellamy. Are you who I’m here to see?” She confirms and I nod. Would it be rude to ask how she can be an Alpha for Feline Shifters? Probably… but screw–it. They’re here asking me a favour and I’m sure I won’t be the first or last person to ask this question.. 
“Yep. I am a little confused though. Ella told me that she was sending the two feline Alphas to meet me. Him I get. But you’re not even a Shifter, are you?” I ask with a raised eyebrow. Ryann looks a little uncomfortable and shrugs then rolls her eyes as she answers with an 
attitude that I respect, 
“It doesn’t seem to matter. APPARENTLY being a Shifter isn’t actually a requirement for the position.” Well that’s just plain weird, but I respect the accepting attitude. I remind her that drinks are made for… well… drinking. Mostly because I want her mate to try his so I can see how well it works, but I’m not brave enough to tell him to try it. But I suspect he will follow 
her lead. 
“Are you gonna try that?” She might be suspicious of me if she’s heard of the weird concoctions I’ve been feeding her Incubus friend, but I wouldn’t do that to her. I actually LIKE her. Bellamy maintains his serious demeanour but does take a sip of his drink. I watch in satisfaction as a look of pleased shock crosses his face and he immediately takes another 
1/4 
Emergency calls only u 
Cam 4- Dosed and docile 
sip. I can’t resist the desire to mess with them a little though, 
零售93% 
11:34 
“Well, that answers that, you’re either very brave or very naive to drink something with no idea what it is.” I tell them, maintaining a perfectly straight face. It doesn’t last though as Ryann begins to giggle and it’s just contagious. 
“Or I’ve just decided to trust you. This is nice, what is it?” Ryann asks about her drink. 
“It doesn’t have a name, I just made it up. I’d tell you what’s in it, but then you wouldn’t have a reason to come back here and that’s no way to get more business.” I’m watching 
Bellamy from the side of my eye. I know he LIKED the drink, but did it work? How am I 
supposed to know if he is feeling more relaxed? Would it be strange if I asked how he’s feeling? He’s clinging tight to his mate, nuzzling her hair and being generally affectionate. 
But from what I understand, that is fairly standard behaviour for Shifters with their mates. 
Ryann seems to find it strange however. 
“Uh, Bellamy? What’s going on?” She tries to pull back from him but he doesn’t even notice. too caught up in her. It’s very sweet… but if this isn’t normal behaviour for him then I suppose the drink worked… maybe a bit too well. Ryann seems concerned. 
“Is he drunk? What was in his drink?” I grimace, trying not to seem too guilty. I don’t want to piss them off. 
“Sorry, I’ve been working on drinks to chill out specific magics. This was one for feline Shifters. I must have overdone it with the magic infused catnip.” I shrugs trying to make it clear with my behaviour that it’s not a big deal. I am kind of regretting it right now though. He came here for information and I don’t think he even cares that much right now. I need to 
fix this. 
“Give me a minute and I’ll make him something to sober him up. He’s not drunk exactly. His 
reflexes and mental state are unaffected, it just makes him feel more… mellow. But I think I 
overdid it. I just thought he was a little strung out.” I throw out the excuse like it justifies it but it really doesn’t. I feel bad. I didn’t mean to full on drug him. The drink was designed to just take the edge off. Where did I go wrong? Too much magic? Did I overestimate the effect a Shifter metabolism will have? Or maybe my understanding of how they react to the catnip infusion is wrong. Shit. I throw together a random drink and add a few drops of a magic cancelling potion in. Hopefully that will work and it’s the magic not the ingredients 
2/4 
Cam 4- Dosed and docile 
themselves that are causing this reaction. I watch as Bellamy starts to draw Ryann closer and add a second dose of the magic cancelling potion. Just for good measure. 
“Well here you go, hot stuff. Down your shot.” I tell him, handing the drink to Bellamy. I stay casual and force myself to breathe normally. I don’t want them to know that I’m not totally positive this will even work. He downs it all in one go with a scrunched up face. Ah, it probably tasted awful. I didn’t think about that. Too late now. Still, he returns to his more. reserved self and sits back in his own seat. 
“That was… interesting. I would prefer you didn’t do that again. Although I suppose it might have recreational uses. Or medicinal for Shiters with anxiety issues.” Bellamy contemplates out loud. He gives me a stern look and I do my best to look contrite. Lesson learned, don’t spell Alpha Shifters without their consent. He breaks into a small smile afterwards though so I know he isn’t REALLY angry, thank goodness. 
“Yeah, as I said, sorry about that. I’ll adjust the recipe. Maybe half strength next time. Or do it as a small shot glass rather than a full drink. Thanks for being a good sport. It’s hard to find people to test drinks on, particularly spelled ones.” I ramble mindlessly then realise what 
I have just confessed to. Okay, maybe they don’t know how sketchy that is, even if it isn’t technically ILLEGAL. I’ll just play it cool. Bellamy frowns. 
“Do you often spell people’s drinks?” he asks. I shrug. 
“Only the ones I give away for free. I’m not licensed to sell spells or potions. But there aren’t any rules against giving them away: I only do that for people I think need them. Promise it’s not as creepy and date–rape–y as it sounds.” I cringe, he is going to be pissed. To my shock he seems more interested than upset. 
“If you need Shifters to try potions like that, just let us know and we can arrange something. While I don’t appreciate being drugged without my knowledge, I can see its potential uses.” Bellamy offers. O.M.G. Seriously? Does he mean that or is he just trying to get on my good side so I’ll share my Witchy secrets? I already plan to tell them anything they want to know, they certinally deserve it after that and I wanted to help anyway. Okay, don’t look a gift horse. in the mouth. Just say thanks and move on. 
“Awesome, I will totally take you up on that. Ella gives me enough information to work on the theory, but she refuses to test them.” Ella has only tested a few of my spells and only ones for 
3/4 
Cam 4- Dosed and docile 
emergency use. 
“Ella?” Ryann seems confused. 
“Dr Dae.” Bellamy confirms. I guess she doesn’t know her very well, Strange that Ella trusted her so much. She must have made a good first impression. 
“Ah, right. So is that how you know her? Researching potions together?” Ryann asks and I 
flush red. 
###Chapter 248
Cam 5- Sensations and slime 
The story of how I met Ella is a little embarrassing. 
“Not exactly. Ella got called out to assist a Human guy who wouldn’t stop vomiting, she realised that he had been… dosed… with something. She tracked it back to me. She was all ready to report me, but she gave me a chance to explain. I caught the guy dosing a girl’s drink so I figured I’d make sure he was too incapacitated to hurt her while giving him a taste of his own medicine. I promised it would wear off in twenty–four hours and showed her the potion I made to counteract the drug the girl was given. She decided not to report me and we got to talking about some of my more… unusual potions and their potential uses. The rest is history I guess. I make her potions and she helps me research how potions will potentially work on different types of Shifters. I don’t experiment on them though, promise. Well… not unless. they cause trouble in the bar.” I’m a lot more careful now. I’m not saying I don’t use spells. like that, but I make sure that they can’t be traced as easily. Add more alcohol so that it comes across as alcohol poisoning rather than a magical drug. I might be bold but I’m not stupid. It might not be illegal to give out free spells but I can still get in trouble for using magic against someone’s will. It’s not even self defence since I wasn’t the target. I’m hoping they don’t ask more when a woman with bright red hair sits at the bar and draws their attention. I can’t help but release a sigh of relief at the welcome interruption.. 
“Amber?” Ryann seems surprised to see her. 
“Excellent, I’m not late.” The woman beams a smile. What’s going on now? 
Amber introduces herself as Ryanns old boss and from what I understand she’s here to… watch? I’m not sure what she expects to happen, she seems a little odd actually, like she’s not all there. I don’t think she’s totally human but I’m not positive what she is. Not a Witch or a Shifter, that’s for sure. But she seems nice. Working as a bartender I’m pretty good at making snap judgements about people and I’m rarely proven wrong. While she and Ryann catch up I get busy making her a drink. I mix with the single intention of making a drink that will taste good and match the exact shade of her hair. I have to adjust a cocktail to make it the right colour though and I use a hint of magic to enhance the colour and to add a fizz. I drop it in front of the woman while eying it critically. Is the red a little too orange still? Before I can take it back and change my mind, Amber beams at me and grabs the glass. 
“Perfect, my favourite.” She says cheerfully. Is she messing with me? She can’t have had this. 
1/3 
Cam 5- Sensations and slime 
drink before. Is she a people pleaser? Maybe she’s just trying to make me happy. I don’t like that. I can’t improve my drinks without honest opinions. 
“What do you mean? I’ve never made this one before. I’m testing new drinks on you guys tonight. How can it be your favourite?” I demand. Amber shrugs and sips at her drink with a happy sigh. She does SEEM like she likes it. But she doesn’t answer my question. I wait, a little annoyed until Ryann takes pity on me. 
“Amber, is an Oracle. She tends to know things she shouldn’t. It’s easier to just roll with it.” She explains. Oooooh that makes sense. It would explain how she knew to be here and how she knew that she would love the drink. It also explains her ‘not all there‘ vibes. Of course she isn’t all here, she’s probably seeing a ton of other things all at once. I’m amazed she ca string together a sentence. A lot of Oracles can’t. It takes a strong person to cope with that kind of power. I instantly feel a huge amount of respect for this woman. She could have anything she wanted with a power like that, butt she seems fairly humble. 
“Yep, I’m special like that. Now, not that I’m not loving this, but we’re only one person away from this being a real party.” Amber smiles and leans on the bar. She seems excited. Who is coming? She did say she came to watch the show. Is this person going to cause a scene? 
“Is someone else coming?” Ryann asks. Her question in unnecessary. I can already see our final person and he is very likely to cause a scene. Harrison struts up to us and hooks an arm over Ryann’s shoulder in a casual hug. I expect the Alpha to shove him off immediately but she does no such thing and even her mate seems to be tolerating it fairly well aside from some angry glares. I don’t know what Amber is expecting to see but I refuse to let Harrison other me. I plaster on my most professional smile. 
“Hi there Harry.” Amber greets him and the bastard doesn’t even pause. He turns a flirtatious smile to Amber, releasing Ryann from his hold. 
“Hello beautiful. My reputation precedes me, I see.” be purrs out the words. I expect Amber to giggle or blush like most girls do when faced with his charm. Or even to flirt back as 
obviously as he is but Amber just laughs. 
“Oh Harry, we both know this isn’t going anywhere. Don’t waste your flattery on me when I’m not the one you want to follow home.” She lectures but after a moment he seems to figure something out. 
arry looks momentarily confused 
2.3 
Cam 5- Sensations and slime 
“You’re Amber.” He confirms. I guess he’s heard about her before. 
“Yup.” She nods. 
“Well, in that case, it’s lovely to meet you in person. Also it’s not flattering you if it’s true.” He argues. To be fair she IS beautiful. But it pisses me off how he can say things like that to her while his Incubus magic is working on me. I keep my expression calm and professional. It refused to let him get to me. 
I may as well make Harrison a drink before he tries to order something stupid again. I don’t understand why he’s still drinking what I put in front of him. I’ve made the most foul tasting- drinks, put inconvenient and uncomfortable spells on them and even chosen ones with insulting names. I wouldn’t trust me by now, but he just smiles, downs the drink and orders another. Some of them I can’t even give him a second time without risking his health. Okay, if taste won’t put him off, maybe I can try texture? There are plenty of drinks with highly unpleasant textures. Slimy, crunchy, all sorts of things. Everyone has something they can’t stand. I’ve avoided giving him any nausea inducing spells. I save those for creeps who try to drug women or harass them. A good round of vomiting might put him off the drinks, but it seems like cheating somehow. I make a drink that has a custard like texture and just for effect I throw in a spell that makes it smoke. The smoke is harmless and it doesn’t do anything, it’s more of a special effect than anything else. I place it in front of him and I notice Ryann’s dubious look at it. Harrison just picks up the drink, casual as can be and drinks it with a smile. It’s like he didn’t even NOTICE how weird it is. Damnit. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 249
Cam 6- Sharing and sneaking 
“Well… now that we’re all here, not that I knew we were actually expecting so many people, would you be able to answer some questions about magic for us Cam?” Ryann asks. I agree. and lead them into my workroom slash storeroom out back. I open the door myself as I keep it warded. If anyone other than me tries to open it they will not like the outcome. I did plan to bring the Alphas here and I don’t mind including their Oracle friend. But I did not count. on letting Harrison into my personal space. I love my workroom, it’s a perfect combination of work and extras. I have a Witches circle, a secure area to keep my more dangerous potions and enough alcohol to hide all sorts of spells. Alcohol is actually a weirdly good base for a lot of potions. Some of the more traditional Witches refuse to use it, preferring to stick with purified water or water from obscure springs or lakes insisting that it works better. It doesn’t, it’s about the same, it just doesn’t taste as good. Plus I’ve found that alcohol makes some potions more potent, particularly ones that affect the mind more than the body. Probably because it reduces inhibitions. A person can fight a spell, even if they don’t know they’re doing it. I also find that most potions work best if the person doesn’t know that they’ve imbibed it. It’s why I keep my more dangerous potions locked away. I don’t have to worry about the ingredients at least. Only a Witch can make potions, they have to be infused with magic to work. Still, back to the issue at hand. I’m not sure I want Harrison in my workspace, but I don’t want to offend the Alphas by refusing him. Sigh. I stop him in the doorway with a hand on his chest and have to ignore how firm his muscles feel and the rush of heat that goes through me. I don’t think I’ve ever touched him before. My knees feel a little shaky. What the hell? Stupid Incubus magic. I glare at him, tempted to tell him to leave. 
“Touch. Nothing. Do you understand me?” He nods and smiles but I don’t miss the slight smirk on his face. His eyes are darting around the room and he looks far too interested in everything 
Te. I just know I’m going to regret this. 
Ryann explains to me all about how there are these people who have been stalking her and how they’ve been going around killing people and how they’ve taken a little girl. It’s absolutely awful. I wish they had come to me sooner. If I had known it was this important a problem I would have come to see them immediately. She then tells me about some of the spells that they suspect the criminals have been using. They sound kind of familiar, definitely not the kind of magic I usually use so I’ll have to look it up. 
“I have a couple ideas about what it could be. Let me double check something.” I approach my secure storage and unlock it with my assigned magical phrase and a dose of my personal 
1/3 
Cam 6–Sharing and sneaking 
magic. It’s a lock that no one can open but me, even if they know the password they would need my magical signature and that’s pretty much impossible to replicate. To copy someone’s magical signature you need to know and understand it. To do that you have to basically have a perfect understanding of a person, of what makes them who they are. It’s very rare that someone manages something like that and usually if you know someone that well, that intimately… Well you wouldn’t have a reason to be stealing from them now would you? I locate my grimoire. It’s my personal one, not the family one. It has a record of every spell I’ve ever studied. I could probably find out more if I had access to my family grimoire but if the cost of that information is my freedom it’s just not worth it. I lock up and drop the leather bound book on the table. Technically it doesn’t need to be a dramatic leather bound book, it could be a regular notebook or something. But there is just something so appealing about the 
aesthetic that I can’t resist. 
“What’s that?” Harrison asks, leaning over my shoulder. I can feel his breath in my hair. I didn’t realise that he was so close. I snap my grimoire shut. I might be planning to share SOME information, and I might be more open that most Witches, but this is MY grimoire. It’s practically a diary of all my knowledge and experiences. It’s not something I want just anyone reading. I realise I’ve not moved away from him and I quickly duck out under his arm. clutching my grimoire to my chest and hoping no one can see how rattled I am. 
“It’s my grimoire. Not something for you to read. I tell him, trying to keep my cool. Harrison seems like he’s going to argue and I’m prepping to send him packing when Ryann prods him. in the arm with a finger and tells him off. 
“Leave it Harry.” Harrison reluctantly steps away and begins to wander the room, looking at my shelves. Seriously? One warming from her and he shuts up. Where can I learn that trick? I start flicking through my grimoire again when I see him reaching towards some of my 
ingredients. 
“Hands in your pockets Harrison.” I order without looking up. I resist a smug smile when he shoves his hands in his pockets. Good. I don’t think he could do any harm with what was on that shelf, but I don’t especially want to have to replace any of my supplies. Some of that stuff is expensive. After a few minutes of flicking through pages I find what I’m looking for. Stealth spells. I focussed on them for a while as a teenager when I wanted to sneak out without getting caught. I guess it’s nice that it’s finally paying off. The spell she described isn’t EXACTLY like the one I learned, but it would requiry similar magic. 
“Okay, so it looks like it’s probably a spin off version of a basic stealth spell. Instead of hiding 
2/3 
Cam 6- Sharing and sneaking 
magic. It’s a lock that no one can open but me, even if they know the password they would need my magical signature and that’s pretty much impossible to replicate. To copy someone’s magical signature you need to know and understand it. To do that you have to basically have a perfect understanding of a person, of what makes them who they are. It’s very rare that someone manages something like that and usually if you know someone that well, that intimately… Well you wouldn’t have a reason to be stealing from them now would you? I locate my grimoire. It’s my personal one, not the family one. It has a record of every spell I’ve ever studied. I could probably find out more if I had access to my family grimoire but if the cost of that information is my freedom it’s just not worth it. I lock up and drop the leather bound book on the table. Technically it doesn’t need to be a dramatic leather bound book, it could be a regular notebook or something. But there is just something so appealing about the 
aesthetic that I can’t resist. 
“What’s that?” Harrison asks, leaning over my shoulder. I can feel his breath in my hair. I didn’t realise that he was so close, I snap my grimoire shut. I might be planning to share SOME information, and I might be more open that most Witches, but this is MY grimoire. It’s practically a diary of all my knowledge and experiences. It’s not something I want just anyone. reading. I realise I’ve not moved away from him and I quickly duck out under his arm, clutching my grimoire to my chest and hoping no one can see how rattled I am. 
“It’s my grimoire. Not something for you to read.” I tell him, trying to keep my cool. Harrison seems like he’s going to argue and I’m prepping to send him packing when Ryann prods him in the arm with a finger and tells him off 
“Leave it Harry.” Harrison reluctantly steps away and begins to wander the room, looking at my shelves. Seriously? One warning from her and he shuts up. Where can I learn that trick? I start flicking through my grimoire again when I see him reaching towards some of my 
ingredients. 
“Hands in your pockets Harrison.” I order without looking up. I resist a smug smile when he shoves his hands in his pockets. Good. I don’t think he could do any harm with what was on that shelf, but I don’t especially want to have to replace any of my supplies. Some of that stuff is expensive. After a few minutes of flicking through pages I find what I’m looking for. Stealth spells. I focussed on them for a while as a teenager when I wanted to sneak out without getting caught. I guess it’s nice that it’s finally paying off. The spell she described isn’t EXACTLY like the one I learned, but it would require similar magic. 
“Okay, so it looks like it’s probably a spin off version of a basic stealth spell. Instead of hiding 
2/3 
Cam 6- Sharing and sneaking 
a person’s presence WHILE they’re at a place, it hides it afterwards.” I explain. I’m happy to actually have useful information for them. I was worried I wouldn’t know the answers to their questions. I’m a competent Witch, but I don’t have the benefit of a coven’s worth of knowledge or the option to consult my elders when I’m stumped. I’ve been doing my best to experiment and learn, trying not to let that limit my progress. I can’t even learn from another coven because they’re too secretive. They would worry that I would just be trying to steal their secrets for my family. I can’t blame them. I used to feel that way too, it wasn’t until I left my coven that I realised how inaccessible magic is for most people. 
“Is there anything about it that we could use to find the caster?” Bellamy prompts. Damnit. It wanted to be useful, but honestly I don’t think identifying the magic is actually all that 
helpful. I hate to admit it but it won’t tell them anything. 
“Well… it’s a spell that technically any Witch or Warlock could cast… but it isn’t a super well known variation. Most people who use stealth spells are worried about being seen, heard or smelled WHILE they’re actually at a place, less concerned about afterwards. It’s not a variation someone stumbles across by accident, they would have had to go looking for it.” As 
I said, not all that helpful. All it tells them is that someone who wanted to commit a crime, went out of their way to research magic that would be useful in committing a crime. I’m really just stating the obvious. All we really confirm is that there is a Witch or Warlock involved because it’s not the kind of spell that can be prepared in advance. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 250
Cam 7- Covens and connections 
“Well, that’s at least one piece of information confirmed. You wouldn’t happen to have a handy list of Witches or Warlocks that are secretly capable of murder do you?” Ryann asks, ever the optimist. Hah, I’m fairly sure that most Witches are capable of murder. 
“Not on me no. But it would be a long list. The list of Witches I trust NOT to be secretly killers would be shorter. Those coven Witches are no joke.” I shudder, thinking of some of the more disturbing spells 1 read about in the family grimoire. I’m a strong believer that it’s not the spell that’s evil but how it’s used. But there are some spells that it’s hard to find any real justification for. 
“You’re not part of a coven?” Harry asks curiously. Oh shit, I didn’t really mean to let that slip. I didn’t even realise that Harrison was paying attention. It’s no big deal, but a Witch without a coven is considered weak and vulnerable. Not something that is usually advertised. I try to play it off as a common thing. 
“Nah, I’m not much one for rules. I’m not interested in secretly planning to take over the 
world or hoard millions of dollars or whatever it is those old crones do in their secret 
meetings. I’m happy on my own.” I insist. I cringe internally as even I can hear the slightly wistful note in my voice. I might not be able to get along with my family anymore, but I’m a Witch and Witches belong in covens. I’m used to having a whole group of nosy and overly. involved family members in my life. It’s weird being on my own. I miss knowing that there is someone I can call when things go wrong. I’m good at pretending otherwise, but sitting here. and talking about spells and reasoning things out, it’s something that I’ve missed. It’s why I’m so fond of Ella. She gives me a little bit of what I’ve been missing out on, although she isn’t available nearly as much as I would like. 
“This adapted stealth spell. Would it have hidden their faces on a video recording? They were wearing dark glasses and hoodies, but you literally can’t identify anything, not even their skin colour, their faces are too well shaded. Unnaturally well shaded.” Bellamy asks. Huh, that’s a pretty good question. While alcohol might make a good base for magic, that’s because it’s generally created from natural products, fermented plants and so on. Technology is a whole different problem. 
“I doubt it. Technology is kind of hard to mess with using ragic. It’s more likely that they used a second spell to actively hide their faces while committing their crimes. Probably a 
1/4 
Cam 7- Covens and connections 
basic concealment spell from what you’re describing. They’re effective, but short lived. Probably wouldn’t last more than fifteen minutes.” I explain. 
“I mean, that should be plenty of time, shouldn’t it?” Ryann asks. Once again Harrison. 
chimes in. 
“Not really Ry. I mean for the vandalism at your house maybe. But for the other murders? And the kidnapping? Think about it.” He suggests. It’s weird hearing Harrison be so logical. I’m used to him blurting out weird sexual jokes and his insane theories that we’re destined 
for each other. 
“Well… They had to break in. Kill two adults, at least one of whom was a Witch and would definitely have fought back to protect her daughter. Not to mention whatever her other. parent was, which we can assume is probably not harmless based on how worried everyone has been about keeping Kiara’s race a secret. They also had to take Kiara and get far enough, away to hide her. And all of this without waking anyone nearby or letting Kiara escape or 
alert anyone.” Ryann sums up. 
“That’s a lot for one Witch to do in fifteen minutes. It sounds impossible even.” i conclude. I think I feel a little sick after hearing all that just laid out. It’s one thing to theorise about awful things happening. But to know that they already have happened and to be able to list details… it’s sort of confronting. 
“Agreed. It MIGHT be possible for two depending on what they are. A Witch could help with concealment but I suspect there would need to be someone else to help take care of Kiara’s parents. At LEAST one person, maybe more.” Bellamy reasons. I try to remember to breathe and I do my best to ignore a concerned look from Harrison. I feel his hand brush against my lower back in what I assume was intended to be a comforting motion. But he drops it immediately, probably realising it would be unwelcome. Because it would be… right? I force. myself to focus. If I’m really upset by all this then I should do my best to help resolve the problem. That will help me to feel better. 
“The spell would be hard to maintain for more than a couple people. Unless there were multiple Witches, it’s unlikely that there were more than two attackers. It could be done if the second person was one of the more physically gifted races. A Shifter, Vampire, you know. Something strong and fast.” I add for clarification. Everyone is quiet for a moment. I don’t think they loved the suggestion of a Shifter being involved. But it’s true that they are one of the most physically gifted types of Magic. 
2/4 
Cam 7- Covens and connections. 
“Is there anything else you can suggest to help us find Kiara or identify who took her?” Ryann asks. If she had asked that question an hour ago I would have said no, absolutely not. But after hearing about the poor kidnapped child I’m more willing to help. I also have to admit to myself that my willingness to help out is probably at least a little because I have. enjoyed getting to talk about magic again and I’m reluctant for my involvement to be over, even if I am dealing with a horrific situation. So, I suggest some of the slightly more sketchy options. Again, the spells aren’t evil. It’s how you use them. But the MRO has strong regulations in place for certain spells. They mostly have good reasons but there is no such thing as a one size fits all rule. Sometimes rules are meant to be broken. 
“Well… They’re sort of illegal… but there are tracking spells, but they work best with the assistance of people who are close to the person you’re searching for. Do you have a family. member or close friend of the girl you could ask to help out?” I ask and I watch as Ryann’s. face goes from hopeful to disappointed. 
“No. She has no one.” I think I’m as disappointed as she is. I really wanted to help. 
Oh. That’s just… I mean. The poor thing…” I trail off. I kind of know how the girl must feel. My family isn’t dead, but they might as well be. Because I’m completely alone. Bellamy asks. me to make the tracking spell anyway, just in case. I agree and I feel a rush of sympathy towards Ryann when she asks what the spell will cost, dread in her tone. I suspect she’s someone who has had to pay for expensive spells in the past. The Alphas might be wealthy, but I would bet my favourite shot glass that she’s not used to having money. I shrug. 
“I’m not licensed to sell spells.” I remind her. 
“You’re also not licensed for illegal tracking spells, and it doesn’t seem like that’s going to stop you.” Bellamy points out. I can’t help but grin. 
“Yes but no one is likely to ask me if I’ve been making tracking spells. People often ask if I sell spells and I like to be able to honestly answer that I don’t. So no, I can’t accept payment for it. Although…” I wonder if I could find a way to drag out this relationship. I want a chance to talk about magic more and to continue my research.. 
“Although” Bellamy prompts. 
“I mean, I do have a lot of potions I’ve been working on for Shifters. If you could arrange 
3/4 
Cam 7- Covens and connections 
I 
those volunteers to try some out we could consider it a trade.” I try not to sound too eager. I 
don’t really think he will accept. 
“Done. I’ll find you as many volunteers as you need. As long as you can promise they won’t. come to any harm or experience any long term negative effects.” 
###Chapter 251
Strings of Fate 
Cam 8- Jugs and jealousy 
I have to fight the urge to bounce in place and squeal. I can’t wait! I rush to assure Bellamy that I will keep my potions safe. I can’t believe they’re actually agreeing. 
“Duh, of course. I don’t want to hurt anyone. Most of my potions are more of the silly prank. kind. Or have medicinal uses at the request of Ella. It’s hard to get Shifter volunteers. I can test ones for Witches on myself. Humans, well… pretty much every spell works on them and they’re similar enough to Witches biologically that it doesn’t make much difference. It’s the Shifters, Vampires and other physically different magics that I have trouble with. Although I’ve made a lot of progress with my experiments on Incubi lately.” I add as an afterthought. Harrison clears his throat loudly and crosses his arms over his chest. 
“Excuse me?” He demands indignantly. 
“What?” I ask, as innocently as I can. It’s not like anyone will believe it but I may as well 
mess with Harrison a little bit. 
“Have you been experimenting with untested potions on me?” He asks. I’m fairly sure he’s pretending he didn’t realise. Surely he didn’t think that I just happened to keep a potion. designed to make an Incubus able to speak just sitting around. Right? Continuing the joke, I 
answer him. 
“Nah, I test them out on the other Incubus who follows me around. No big deal.” Weirdly, he seems annoyed by this. Maybe he wanted me to confess to experimenting on him so that he can claim I owe him. Or maybe he just doesn’t like to share his toys. Either way, it seems like I’ve finally found a way to annoy him back. I could have some fun with this. 
I trade details with Ryann and then the Alphas head off, taking their Oracle friend with them. Typically, Harrison stays behind leaving the two of us alone in my workshop. I could go and work the bar, but I already gave Cora the extra shift, so I might as well ta 
the chance to get a start on the tracking spell. I don’t have the personal item from the girl to use just yet, but I can start the base of the spell. It takes a little bit of time to prepare because it has to sit for a while. I don’t even bother trying to chase Harrison out of my workroom. I doubt he would be willing to leave anyway, Instead, I put him to work pulverging one of the ingredients with my mortar and pestle. I sort of expect him to do a terrible job and that I’ll have to re–do it but to my surprise he is actually pretty thorough. I use gin as a base (because why not) and start. 
1/3 
Cam 8- Jugs and jealousy 
combining the base ingredients in a jug. Sure, traditional Witches are all about a cauldron, but this mixture doesn’t need to be boiled. In fact, not a lot of them do, and a regular cooking pot would work just as well. For a potion that doesn’t need heating, I prefer a jug because it’s easy to pour into bottles afterwards. Harrison has been so quiet that I almost forgot he was here, so when he speaks I jump and spill a little. I wipe it up with a paper towel and repress a sigh. 
“Who is the other Incubus you know?” He demands. Huh? Did he miss my sarcasm? Sure I’ve seen other Incubi around but I’ve never even talked to one other than him. Actually, from what I understand most Incubi aren’t big on talking at all. At least not the ones who hang out in bars. Taking my silence as a refusal, he pushes on. 
“Seriously, who? Was it Raven? Or Zach? If it was Robert I should warn you that he doesn’t see any problem with lying to women if it gets him what he wants. I don’t know if there are any other Incubi in town right now, I mean it’s not like I know them all anyway. Is it someone I know?” He rants on and I keep my face blank and my eyes focussed on the ingredients I’m mixing. I have to use my grimoire to get the right measurements. This isn’t a spell I’ve made before. 
“Uh, no. I don’t know any of those guys.” I answer absently. He narrows his eyes at me, suspiciously. 
“You’re lying to me, aren’t you. I don’t think you actually are friends with another Incubus. It don’t know another Incubus that would be willing to h 
just friends with a woman if I’m completely honest.” He grumbles. I roll my eyes. 
“You’re making a lot of assumptions about my relationship. Who even said that we are just friends? I’m not a nun you know.” I point out. Okay, so maybe I’m pushing it a little. But I can’t believe he’s actually buying it. I’m also a little offended that he is just assuming that no other Incubus would b 
interested in me. I’m not perfect, but I’ve never considered myself unattractive. I get hit on while working the bar all the time. Is it really so unbelievable that 
omeone else 
might want me? 
For a moment I think I might have actually succeeded at pissing Harrison off. His expressions darkens and he seems super tense. Then as soon as it canìe, the tension drains from him and the expression changes to a lazy smile. Before I can so much as blink, he reaches out and snatches my jug of half completed potion base. 
2/3 
Cam 8- Jugs and jealousy 
“Hey! Don’t mess with that!” I angrily. He just shrugs and puts it back down. But not 
het 
directly in front of me where he took it from. Instead he places it carefully on the end of the table and stands right in front of it. Blocking me from it with his own body. With a glare, I step closer and try to reach around him to grab it and in a smooth motion, Harrison grabs my elbow and yanks it gently causing me to stumble and fall against him. He catches me and steadies me with a hand on my waist. His other hand still holding my elbow. I give a gentle tug but he doesn’t let go. I don’t bother trying to fight my way to freedom. I won’t give him the satisfaction. I just glare up at him in annoyance. And I do mean up at him. He’s fairly tall and I am quite short. My head barely reaches his chest. A problem which he quickly remedies by leaning back against my workbench, perching lightly and lowering himself so that he’s closer to my own height. I do my best to keep my voice steady, something which has become. increasingly difficult when confronted with his gorgeous blue eyes. 
“What are you doing Harrison?” I ask mildly. He smiles at me mischievously. 
“You said you aren’t a nun. I’m just testing that theory.” He responds. Huh, what the hell is that supposed to mean? He moves the tiniest bit closer and I feel another rush of his magic- which causes me to shiver. Oh shit. He’s about to kiss me. I can’t allow that. If he kisses me I 
don’t know that I would have the strength to stop him from going further. 
“No.” 
###Chapter 252
Strings of Fate 
Cam 9- Exes and expectations 
I intended my refusal to be angry, or at very least louder and more demanding. Instead it comes out almost as a plea. My heart is racing. What if he doesn’t stop? Incubi aren’t exactly known for their self control. Or for respecting boundaries. Harrison freezes in place and stares at me with a furrowed brow. It’s like he doesn’t understand what just happened. I suppose he isn’t used to being rejected. I doubt it happens to him all that often. At least not when he’s making an effort and blasting people with his magic the way he is with me. His grip on me softens and I know he’s about to release me when my phone starts to ring loudly. He tightens his grip again for half a second then releases me entirely. I step away to check my phone, trying to shake off the tight feeling in my stomach and the part of me that regrets leaving his 
arms. 
A glance at my phone tells me it’s my mother calling. Ugh. Dealing with her is hard enough, I’m not doing it in front of Harrison. I decline the call. It immediately starts to ring again. I sigh, switch my phone to silent and drop it face down on my work bench. I’ll just let it go to 
voicemail. 
“Who is it?” Harrison asks curiously. 
“No one. Don’t worry about it.” I step around him to recover my partially completed potion. My phone starts ringing for a third time. Vibrating loudly against the table. I pretend not to notice. I breathe a sigh of relief when it finally stops vibrating only to tense up again when a series of text messages start coming through. No doubt my mother berating me for ignoring her and for just about every other life choice I’ve ever made. 
“Are you sure it’s nothing? Sounds like someone is really desperate to get ahold of you.” Harrison comments, reaching towards my phone. I slam a hand down over it before he can 
touch it. 
“I said it’s nothing. Which means it is none of your business so back off.” I tell him aggressively. He frowns. 
“You don’t want me to see…” He states thoughtfully, his expression changes and he glares at my phone. 
“It’s that other Incubus, isn’t it?” He demands. I roll my eyes. 
1/4 
Cam 9- Exes and expectations 
“No, it’s not.” I answer. I’m done with the conversation. Actually, I just want him to leave. I’m tired and I want my privacy so I can deal with my mother without judgement or pity. I put my phone in my pocket so he won’t try to pick it up again. Harrison narrows his eyes. 
suspiciously. 
“Then why are you hiding your phone?” He points out. I feel it ringing in my pocket again. and I snap. 
“I’m hiding it because it’s none of your damn business. We aren’t friends, we’re barely even acquaintances. You’re not someone I want to confide in and you have no right to any of my secrets. So BACK. OFF. Now, you need to leave so I can take this call.” I insist, moving to open. the door. I wait by it, gesturing for him to leave. A hurt expression crosses his face and I feel a twinge of guilt which is quickly crushed by the feeling of my phone vibrating in my pocket again. I cross my–arms over my chest and glare at him. His expression changes to one of anger and I can practically see steam coming from his ears. He stomps out of the room in what has to be the most abrupt movement I’ve ever seen from him. Leaving no space for regret, I close the door behind him. I have to work not to slam it but I remind myself the bar is still open and I don’t want to draw attention to myself. 
My phone has stopped ringing when I pull it out of my pocket but I know it will start again any moment now. I choose to read the messages first. 
Mum- Sweetheart, why aren’t you answering your phone? 
Mum- Pick up, I have something important to tell you. 
Mum- Stop sulking and pick up the phone. You’re an adult, act like one. 
Mum- ANSWER. YOUR. PHONE. NOW 
Grandma- Your mother is trying to contact you. You might be throwing a tantrum but you are still a member of this family and that means being available when we try to contact you. I am very disappointed in your behaviour. Call your mother back immediately or there will be 
consequences. 
Mum- I need to talk to you. Your grandmother is very upsex You know stress is not good for 
her health. 
2/4 
Cam 9- Exes and expectations 
I can’t help a snort of laughter at that one. My grandmother is as healthy as a horse. I doubt any illness could kill her. A plague could pass through the city and she would simply refuse to be infected. Not to mention that they keep enough healing potions and remedies around that I don’t think anyone in my old coven has been unwell a day in their life. I caught a cold a few months ago and without access to the family grimoire it took me two days to figure out how to make the remedy in the right dosages. All I can say is I had never realised that being sick was so uncomfortable. Like I didn’t think it would be FUN but a stuffy nose is somehow worse than all the headaches or sprained ankles in the world. My phone starts ringing again. I stare at it for three whole rings before forcing myself to pick up the phone. 
“Hello?” I answer blandly. 
“Camille! It’s about time you answered me. I don’t know what you thought you were doing but you need to prioritise your coven more.” She scolds me. 
“I’m not part of your coven anymore. I left, remember?” I remind her. She snorts and I can practically see her eye roll. 
“You’re just throwing a tantrum. You’ll get over it. You belong with us, who else would take you?” She comments rudely and I have to work not to flinch. A tantrum? It’s been over two 
years! Have they not figured out that I won’t be coming crawling back to them? That I’m doing just fine without them? 
“Whatever. What was so important that you had to call me repeatedly and try to guilt trip me into answering?” I ask. The sooner she tells me, the sooner I can end this conversation. I know I should just stop answering and cut my family off. But she is right about one thing. Despite a few years having passed, I’m still alone. I don’t have anyone. My family might be awful, but at least they still remember that I exist. No one else remembered my last birthday. They called and complained at me, but at least I was worth their time. 
“Oh! Darling, I have wonderful news. Simon is back in town and he’s asking after you! I thought he might have given up on you after you ignored him for so long but I was wrong. Apparently he is still interested in having you for a wife. So you haven’t ruined everything. after all. He’s coming over at two this Sunday, so I’ll need you to put on something appropriate and come home by one–thirty.” She rattles away. I feel sick. I thought they had finally given up on this marriage scheme. After Simon left town they despaired that he would marry someone else and I was thrilled. The guy always gave me the creeps. This is the worst 
news. 
3/4 
Cam 9- Exes and expectations 
“Mother, I am not marrying Simon.” I tell her calmly. 
up 
the 
“Of course you will. Don’t be such a child. I know what’s best for you and I will be expecting you here Sunday. That is the last I want to hear on the matter.” With that she hangs phone. Jokes on her I guess. Sunday she is going to be sitting there with Simon with no wife. to present to him and I’ll be here, as independent as ever. 
###Chapter 253
Cam 10- Waiting and working 
When I arrive at Witches Booze mid afternoon the next day for the afternoon slash evening shift, I’m surprised to find Harrison is already at the bar waiting. He usually comes in the 
evening. 
“He’s been waiting here since we opened. He was asking for you. I offered to text you but he said he didn’t want to bother you and that he would wait.” Cora confides in me quietly when I reach the bar. He’s been here all day! Why? I consider heading to my workroom and ignoring him, but I find I’m not that petty. I suck it up and approach him ignoring the rush of his magic that makes my knees shake and sends shivers down my spine despite the fact that I now feel extraordinarily warm. 
“Good afternoon. Can I get you a drink?” I ask in my best customer service voice. Harrison gives a weak smile in response. 
“I think you might be a bit angry at me and given my experiences thus far I’m not sure I would survive one of your drinks right now.” I repress the desire to roll my eyes. 
“If you don’t want a drink then why are you here?” I demand. He straightens his shoulders. and looks me in the eye. 
“I want to apologise. I was being overly pushy and nosy last night. It was none of my business and you are entitled to your privacy, I should have respected that and your boundaries. I know it’s a poor excuse, but I was jealous. I’ve never been jealous before and I dealt with it poorly.” I’m so stunned that he actually apologised that all I can do is stare. He hesitates before continuing. 
“Also this might be poorly timed given that I am here apologising for being too pushy and please just tell me to shut up if I’m being too nosy again… But once I got over my tantrum I realised that you seemed kind of stressed. Are you alright?” Uhhh what? I thought he was angry at me and not only has he apologised but he’s… worried about me? I suppose that’s almost sweet. Maybe. But I’m sure he doesn’t actually want to hear about my difficulties with 
my mother. 
“I’m fine. It’s no big deal.” I answer awkwardly. I expect him to drop it and move on but he 
persists, not buying my platitude. 
1/4 
Cam 10- Waiting and working 
“Look, I know we aren’t really friends and I understand that, I really do. But I DO worry about. you. If you don’t want to talk about it that’s fine, but you can just think of me as an impartial listener. Sometimes it’s easier to talk to someone when you don’t know them well and they don’t know all the people involved. I might be able to help.” He suggests. Now I just feel guilty. I was rude to him last night and now he’s trying to be helpful. I don’t think he is dating material, he is an Incubuis after all. But maybe he wouldn’t be terrible as a friend, or even just as someone to talk to occasionally. I suppose I should cut him a break, and try to be a little nicer. Or at least not outright hostile all the time. 
“We’re not friends.” I agree and he winces slightly, even though I was only repeating what he already said. 
“But I suppose we are acquaintances who MIGHT be able to become friends. Eventually. Maybe.” Why is this so hard? It’s easier to be rude and aggressive to him than to be nice. I’m too used to being super defensive. Harrison flashes me a charming smile and another rush of heat runs through me. I can’t help but narrow my eyes. 
“An annoying acquaintance.” I amend. He laughs, clearly delighted. 
“You said we’re friends!” He states proudly. I glare at him and cross my arms over my chest. 
“I said MIGHT be friends. Eventually. I haven’t promised anything!” I argue, but there’s no real heat behind it. He just shrugs. 
“It’s progress.” He grins and I roll my eyes at him. 
“Wait, just to 
make it clear. This means you accept my apology for being a jackass last night, right?” He stares me down and once again I can’t help but notice how striking his blue eyes are. I give a slow nod. 
“Yeah, I do.” I agree. 
“Thank you!” He beams at me and without warning, leans over the bar (Because he’s actually. tall enough to do that damn him) and kisses me on the cheek. I flush red and immediately turn my back on him to grab a clean glass. But realistically I need a second to composer myself so I don’t make a complete fool of myself. When I turn back to him I have plastered on my best customer service smile. 
2/4 
Cam 10- Waiting and working 
“Boundaries Harrison. We need boundaries.” 
Harrison hangs out for most of the afternoon until I decide that it’s time for my break and head to my work room. I assume he’s going to leave but when I turn around to close the door I nearly walk straight into him. 
“Shit, make a sound when you walk!” I curse at him, taking a hasty step backwards. He just 
rolls his eyes at me. 
“Sure, I’ll do that. So, what are we working on?” He barges his way into my workroom and 
perches himself on the edge of my bench. 
“WE aren’t working on anything. I am working on the tracking spell for Ryann. Someone dropped by with the necessary item for me today and I want to get it done for them as soon as possible.” I carefully slide the ziplock bag out of my pocket which contains a scrap of fabric 
which will apparently do the trick to connect the child to the spell. 
“It was dropped off by a very large man this morning who barely said more than two words to me. It was very strange, particularly since I never gave them my home address.” I think out loud. Harrison laughs. 
“Ah, that would have been Aaron. He’s Ryann’s personal bodyguard. He doesn’t talk much. As for your address? They have an I.T. guy who can pretty much track down anyone, it’s a little scary. He’s this anxious little fellow when you talk to him but I suspect that he might be the most terrifying of them all if you pissed him off.” I’m surprised that he knows so much about Ryann’s other friends. It seems like Harrison is a lot more detail oriented than I originally thought. He might not make a bad assistant for this potion after all. Now that I think about it, I don’t know all that much about him. He’s been hanging out here all day. Does he not have a job? But he always pays for drinks and tips well so I have to assume he makes money 
somehow. 
“What do you do for work?” I ask. Harrison seems surprised at the sudden subject change. 
“Oh, me? I do graphic design. I tend to make my own hours since most of my clients don’t care WHEN I work as long as the work is completed to their satisfaction by the due date.” He explains. Huh, how odd. For someone who looks like him and is as outgoing and charming as he is, that is a fairly solitary job. I know he interacts with clients and stuff, but the fact that 
3/4 
Cam 10- Waiting and working 
he can make a decent living without actually using his looks or magic is sort of impressive. I might run a bar, but ultimately my skill set comes down to mixing potions which I was raised to do. I don’t know that I even HAVE any life skills that aren’t linked back to my being a Witch in some way. If I suddenly lost my ability to do magic I suppose I would manage well enough, but my family wouldn’t. I’m not sure they know how to do anything else, they rely on it so heavily. I once again try to kick Harrison out, but he doesn’t leave and in the end I let him stay because I could use the extra set of hands. I only really have an hour free so without wasting another minute, we get to work. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 254
Strings of Fate 
Cam 11- Pranks and potions 
I am surprised to find that Harrison is actually not a bad assistant. He listens well enough that I never have to repeat my directions more than once. He seems to be aware enough to not stand in my way when I move around and he even tidies up any spills I make along the 
way without being asked. I don’t even mind his stream of questions at each stage of the process. For once he remains totally serious, not trying to flirt or make any kind of innuendo the entire time we work. It actually seems like he might be genuinely interested in what I’m doing. I try to imagine my grandmother’s reaction if she knew I was making a potion in front of a non–coven member. Somehow it makes the entire experience more entertaining and Harrison’s impressed exclamations every time I imbue the potion with magic and it changes colour or some ingredient dissolves away into it is far more satisfying than I would be willing 
to admit out loud. We work quickly, but by the time we finish I’m surprised to find that it’s been over two hours. Oops, I didn’t mean to leave Cora working alone for so long. Hopefully it hasn’t been too busy for her. I step out to check on her. 
“Are you alright out here Cora? I didn’t mean to be gone so long.” I tell her apologetically. 
“Oh don’t mind me. It’s been pretty quiet out here. If I had a guy like that trailing after me I’d be taking extra long breaks too.” She winks at me. 
“Cora! It’s not like that. He was just helping me with a potion.” I insist. Cora raises an 
eyebrow. 
“You’ve never asked me to do that.” She points out. 
“Or left me alone in your work room for that matter.” 
“What? I didn’t-” Oh shoot. I have left him there alone. I didn’t even think about it. How 
strange, yesterday I hesitated to even let him in and now I’ve left him unsupervised. I’m suddenly struck with a bolt of fear and without another word I dash back to my work room. I expect to find that he’s gotten himself into trouble somehow or (please no) managed to ruin the potion which we just finished. But no, he’s… cleaning. I stop in the doorway, a little 
stunned. 
“You… put my things away.” I state the obvious, but I’m a little confused. Harrison whirls on 
the spot to face me. 
1/4 
Cam 11- Pranks and potions 
“Did I get something wrong? I noticed you have them organised very specifically. I did my best to remember where you took them all from but I might have gotten something wrong.” He says earnestly. I don’t know how to respond. No one has ever helped me clean up AFTER making a potion before. Even in my coven after we finished making a potion I would end up doing most of the clean up by myself. It’s why I developed such an obsession for keeping my supplies in order. My mother used to insist that the most inexperienced Witch is in charge of the clean up and that if I didn’t want to do it anymore then I should get married and have a daughter of my own. 
“You didn’t have to do that.” I told him quietly. Harrison frowns at me. 
“You did most of the work. What kind of assistant would I be if I couldn’t at least help tidy. up? Is it alright?” He asks. I glance at the shelf. I swap over two herbs that he mixed up. An easy enough mistake to make, they do look fairly similar if you aren’t familiar with them. Other than that, everything’s in its proper place. 
“You did well.” I compliment him and he grins at me. 
“Cleaning isn’t the only thing I do well.” He says suggestively, taking a step towards me. I throw a damp cleaning cloth at him. It hits him square in the face. 
“For you to wipe that look off your face.” I tell him primly. I expect him to be offended but Harrison just takes it in stride. 
sit 
“I was talking about singing obviously. I’m a fantastic singer.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes at him. 
“Of course you were.” I comment dryly. 
I had every intention of delivering the tracking spell myself. I want to explain its use properly and I sort of want to see the Alphas again. They were… more approachable than I had 
expected and I wanted to talk to them more about my getting volunteers for my magical experiments. But it’s just getting late and the bar is picking up. I really ought to work, not to mention I am expecting a delivery any time now and I don’t want to leave Cora to deal with it herself. Not after I’ve been so slack this afternoon. When Harrison offered to deliver the 
glass bottle for me it seemed like a good idea. But now th I’m faced with actually handing it 
over to him, I find I’m a little anxious. It was a lot of work and I don’t want to have to ask for 
2/4 
Cam 11- Pranks and potions 
another personal item from the little girl so I can start all over again. 
“Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. I could just take it tomorrow.” I start to put the little bottle of purple potion away. Harrison s, placing a hand over my wrist to stop me. 
“Oh come on. You let me help make the spell. If I was going to ruin it I would have already done it by now.” I sigh. He’s right, I’m being unreasonable and a bit of a control freak. 
“Oh fine. You can deliver it. But BE CAREFUL.” I stress the words as I reluctantly hand him. the little bottle. It immediately slips from his fingers towards the floor. 
“Whoops.” He catches it then grins mischievously. 
“Oh you menace. You did that on purpose!” I accuse him. He gasps in fake offence and presses a hand to his chest dramatically. 
“I would never. I’m just so terribly clumsy you see.” He says in a mocking tone. I narrow my eyes. Well in that case. Before he can react, I grab his right hand in between mine. He looks absolutely bewildered. 
“Cam, what are you-” He’s cut off by my murmuring the words to a spell. It’s a simple enough enchantment that I don’t even need a potion to cast it. It’s essentially a super glue spell. My grandmother used to use it to put up decorations around the holidays. It’s invisible so bonus, no hooks! To end the spell you just set a trigger. I could do it with magic, but since the Alphas won’t have that option, I choose something a little more accessible and of course I make sure to add my own little flair to it. Spell cast, I snatch the potion from Harrison’s left hand and place it carefully into his right hand. He looks incredibly confused. 
“What was that?” he demands. I can’t help but smirk. 
“Think of it as magical glue. You won’t be putting that potion down until I give you the trigger for how to release it. So I suggest you hurry up and deliver it to Ryann because your right hand will be completely useless until you make the delivery.” I tell him smugly. I expect him to complain or at least to show some kind of concern but he just grins. 
“It’s a good thing I’m left–handed then.” He says with a sniger. I just stare at him. 
3/4 
Cam 11- Pranks and potions 
“You know, I can think of plenty of fun things we could try with only one hand. I could-” 
“NO, none of that.” I cut him off and begin to shove him towards the door. He goes willingly because there’s no way I could move him if he didn’t. 
“Now go, get out of here. I don’t want to hear from you until that potion has been delivered.” 
I insist. 
“How am I going to tell you when I’ve delivered it? You should give me your phone number so that I can call you.” He suggests. I shake my head. 
“Nope, I suspect you would abuse the privilege far too much. You can ask Ryann to call me when you deliver it. That potion goes directly to her or Bellamy. No one else, you hear me? Now go.” I insist. 
“Oh fine. I’ll drop it for now.” He stops in the doorway and hesitates. 
“You… you don’t really think I would lose or damage the spell do you? I mean, this glue–spell is just a joke… right?” He asks. I just shrug in response. Let him make of it what he will. 
###Chapter 255
4/4 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 12- Arranging and avoiding 
I work the bar while I wait for Harrison to make the delivery. Despite the address they left me being only about fifteen minutes away it takes him an ENTIRE HOUR. What, did he stop for dinner and a show along the way? I’m relieved when my phone rings. I quickly hand over the drink I was making and answer my phone. (One of the bright sides of being the boss here is that no one can tell me off for taking calls at work.) 
“Hello?” 
“Hi, this is Ryann. I’ve got Harry here with a bottle stuck to his hand which is hilarious by the way. What do we need to do to get the bottle off of him? I mean, I could make him carry it around indefinitely but I think even with a spell on him he would find a way to lose it if we leave it too long.” I burst out in a rather undignified snigger. 
“That’s fair. Well it’s an easy enough spell to break. I made the magic dissolvable and of course I used something I had handy as the trigger. So all you need to do is tip a little whiskey over it.” This time, Ryann is the one who laughs. 
“Oh I like you. Thanks Cam. For the spell and the free entertainment.” 
“No problem.” I answer cheerfully 
“You sound like you’re working. I’ll let you get back to it. Seeya!” Ryann hangs up and I find that my mood is soaring. It’s nice to be appreciated. Although my good mood is dulled a little bit with guilt as I remember Harrison’s parting words. I really didn’t trust him and that was probably a little unfair of me. I do my best to banish the guilt from my mind. Even when Harrison turns up again about half an hour later I just continue working and make him yet another awful drink. He doesn’t bring it up again so neither do I. 
Sunday I just turn off my phone. I know my mother and probably my grandmother will be calling me and demanding to know why I didn’t turn up to their matchmaking lunch and I just cannot be bothered to deal with them. Sunday afternoons are usually quiet at work and I am not enjoying it. I need something to distract me from the worry and every time someone comes in through the door I flinch thinking that it might my mother or grandmother storming in to berate me. For the first time I can honestly say I am relieved when Harrison turns up. He might be annoying and loud and flashy, but he is also VERY distracting and for 
1/5 
Arranging and avoiding 
once it’s a very welcome distraction. I can feel his eyes on me throughout the rest of my shift, but if he suspects that I’m acting strangely he doesn’t say anything. He just continues on as 
he usually does. Flirting outrageously, making inne whenever possible and drinking 
whatever I put in front of him. I start off by giving him all sorts of crazy concoctions. Making them is fun and a good way to keep busy. But at the end of the night I make him a drink that he might actually enjoy. As usual, he immediately takes a sip but unlike usual he pauses and raises an eyebrow. 
“This is… really good?” he sounds confused and his words came out as a question. I just shrug. 
“You sort of unintentionally did me a favour tonight. Consider this my thanks.” I answer quietly. Harrison flashes me a knowing look and a sad smile before enjoying his drink in silence. Right, so he did know that something was wrong and he was keeping me busy on purpose. There is one thing I can say for him, when Harrison is around I am rarely bored. 
The next few weeks pass quickly. I work and keep experimenting with potions like I usually” do. Harrison keeps turning up and hovering around at my work or barging into my work room where he insists on playing the role of my assistant. Even when I’m doing inventory or some other task where I won’t let him help he just hangs out. After an afternoon of him watching me work where I snapped at him for staring at me, he began bringing a digital tablet and stylus and then he would sit and work on projects that he refuses to show me until they’re completed. I have to admit he is pretty talented at what he does. I have taken to keeping my phone on silent all the time because my mother and grandmother message and call me so much. The first few days after I skipped their matchmaking session were the worst but it hasn’t improved much. I don’t even read their text messages anymore other than a quick glance to check that they’re not actually sending me something important. I might be mad at them but if there were actually something wrong, like if they ended up in the hospital or something I would feel terrible if I ignored them. I end up attending a meeting with the Alphas and their friends about looking for the missing girl. Harrison ended up following me. to the meeting too. Honestly I had nothing to contribute but I appreciated the invitation and the chance to get to know them a little better. Not too long later Ryann contacts me for more information about the tracking spell because she’s decided to give it a try. When the day comes for her to use the spell I spend my time cleaning. I scrub the entire bar, I disinfect every seat. I thoroughly clean the floors and when I run out of things to clean, I move into my workroom and start creating spells and potions that I can sell to Ella. I’ve made them plenty of times in the past but they’re not the most simple spells to create so they take a lot of focus which is exactly what I need. I’m so anxious. What if I got the spell wrong? What if 
2/5 
Cam 12- Arranging and avoiding 
they don’t manage to find the child? What if they do and something goes wrong? I wonder if there is anything I can do to help. What might Kiara need when they find her? I try to imagine what kind of treatment someone who has been abused or neglected might need. Potions for nutrition, healing injuries and bruising, maybe blood replenishment? I make potions to assist with broken bones, injured organs, headaches and just general pain killers. I make potions for dreamless sleep, sedatives in various strengths and even some numbing potions. I make every potion I can think of. I only stop when I quite literally begin to run out of supplies. I stop and look at the array of colourful little vials and I’m surprised to find that I made so many. I can’t usually do that much magic on my own and certainly not so fast. I suppose I was very determined. Completely exhausted, I send a message off to Ella. 
Cam- Hey Ella, I had some free time today so I made a heap of new potions. I probably made 
a few too many. If you want to come and grab some I’ll sell them to you at cost. 
Ella- On my way. 
When Ella arrives I let her back into my workroom and she looks at my pile of potions with a raised eyebrow. 
“A few extras?” She asks dubiously. I shrug. 
“I was worried about the child. I wanted to be sure that you had everything you might need.” 
I admit. Ella’s eyes soften and she picks up a greenish potion. 
“Some of these are new. I don’t recognise them.” She comments. 
“Yeah, you mostly have ones at a dosage for Shifters. I made a few variations. They’re more appropriate for Humans and Witches. I don’t know what the girl is but that’s why there are versions with different strengths. They’re colour coded. The brighter the colour, the stronger the dose. I wrote down what they all are. I haven’t given you all of these before.” I explain, handing her a scrap of paper with details for each potion. Ella seems impressed. 
“People underestimate you Cam. You’re a very talented Witch. If I had ordered this many potions from a coven it would have taken at least a week.” She points out. 
“I’m not that great. I’m okay at potions, but my spellwork in’t great.” I sigh. Ella rolls her 
eyes. 
3/5 
Arranging and avoiding 
“You are not bad at spellwork. You are extraordinarily good at potions which makes your spellwork seem average in comparison. You just don’t realise how talented you are because that family of yours never gave you the credit you deserved.” She lectures me angrily but I know I’m not the one she’s mad at. She’s made it clear several times in the past how she feels about my family. Not wanting to think about it right now, I change the subject. 
“Can you afford the potions today?” I ask. Ella shrugs. 
“I’ll charge the Alphas for them, we will pay the proper cost too, none of this discount nonsense.” She grumbles. I smile happy. Ella’s phones and she flicks it open, says a few 
words then closes it. 
“Load my bag up missy. They found the girl and I’m needed.” Ella demands. I hurry to pack away all the spells for her and see her out. A couple hours later I hear from Ryann. 
Ryann- We did it, the spell worked. We found her. She’s safe and is going to be okay, physically at least. Thank you so much for your help. It really did make all the difference. I don’t know what we would have done without you. If you ever need anything and I can help please don’t hesitate to ask. I totally owe you. 
Cam- Don’t be silly, you don’t owe me anything. I’m so glad she’s safe. I’m sure that with you there to take care of her she will pull through. Kids are resilient like that. I would love to meet her sometime when she’s ready. I think it would be reassuring to see her for myself. 
Ryann- I completely understand. I would feel the same. I’ll let you know when she’s up for guests, or maybe I’ll bring her by the Witches Booze for dinner some night. She’s staying with aus until we figure out something long–term for her. 
Cam- I can’t think of a better place for her. Thanks for updating me and congratulations. 
###Chapter 256
Strings of Fate 
Cam 13- Dinner and delight 
Not long later, I am invited to a big dinner party at the Alpha’s home with all their friends 
and I couldn’t be more thrilled. I don’t think I have ever been invited to a dinner party 
before. I end up a little nervous, so when I ask Cora if she wants to swap shifts with me so 
that I can go, I ask for her advice. 
“Is there anything special I need to do for the party?” I ask. Cora smiles. 
“Most people bring a dish or a desert to share. Or an alcoholic drink so I would advise you to go down that route. Do you know what they like?” She asks. I nod eagerly. 
“I think so! And I have a few ideas for special drinks for them too.” I run to my workroom to mix up the special drinks. I create more of the catnip infused booze I fed to Bellamy last time, but I halve the strength. He should at least be able to finish a full drink before becoming so relaxed that he starts groping his girlfriend in front of all their guests. I also include a drink that I designed for Harrison. I’ve noticed that he doesn’t get drunk easily so I’ve designed a stronger drink for him. Actually, I made it weeks ago but I wasn’t willing to 
give it to him in my bar since public intoxication is frowned on and kind of dangerous. But in a private home surrounded by friends? This might be the perfect chance to test out my 
creation. 
The evening is going really well and all the guests seem really nice. Even Harrison has been on his best behaviour. After dinner though we notice that some of the Shifters are acting strange and Ryann realises that they must have found the drinks I bought, although I hadn’t intended to give them out until after dinner when I could be sure that no one was drinking. on an empty stomach. Oops. Even more concerning is when we realise that Harrison is nowhere to be seen and neither is the bottle of booze I designed especially for him. Shoot. After a brief search, Ryann finds him and from the raised voices I am fairly certain that he 
drank the alcohol I left out. I make my way towards the noise.. 
“Hey, did the drink work? Is he drunk? I am sorry about it but I still should take notes.” I comment cheerfully. I don’t really feel all that bad about it. I mean, he’s drunk and having fun at a party with his best friends. He didn’t drink an entire bottle of alcohol with the intention of staying sober. He might have gotten drunk faster than planned but I doubt he minds. He seems to be enjoying himself as he hangs off of Ayann who I can see is doing her 
best not to crumble under his weight. 
1/4 
Cam 13- Dinner and delight 
“Yep. Seems like he’s a happy drunk.” she agreeS. 
“I’m NOT drunk!” Harry s, a slight slur in his voice. I can’t help but laugh at his 
response. 
“Of course you are. Cam made a special drink for you to make sure of it.” Ryann tells him Shoot, he wasn’t meant to know that. I’ll never hear the end of it. Harrison’s face lights up. 
“A special drink? For me? She DOES like the.” He grims, elated. Oh alright. Maybe it isat so bad if he knows since it makes him so happy. In a clumsy motion, very different to his usual calculated approach. Harrison releases Ryann and throws himself at me in a tight hug. I st awkwardly with my hands outstretched and hovering. I can barely see a thing with my face crushed into his chest. I wait a moment but be shows no sign of letting go. I could hex him or something, but it seems unfair when he’s drunk om alcohol I made for him. Plus all he’s doing 
is hugging me. 
“Uh… a little help?” I ask. Bellamy is the one to answer and he sounds entirely too smug 
“I don’t know, you’re the one who gave him the boose.” He jokes. Ryann bursts out laughing and if I could actually see her I work gure. I try to shove Harrison away. 
“Harry, get off.of me!” He doesn’t budge. Is this the first time I’ve ever called him Harry? ! always call him Harrison but all His friends seem to call bin Harry and it’s rubbing off om me 
“I don’t wanna! You smelll nice. I be you” He declares loudly, Well this is embarrassing. How is it that HE’S the drunk one and I Membarrassed? I thash red. Hopefully mo one can tell. I 
can’t see their faces but I have no idea how much they can see of mine. Okay, I’m over this. need him to let go.. I can feel his magic stronger than ever and I’m starting to go weak at the knees. My heart is racing and it is talking every bit of will power that I have not to pull hi closer and to have my way with him. I’ve felt his magic before but this is stronger and more 
intense than it has been in the past. I want him more than I’ve ever wanted appone. suppose he must usually be bolding back a little. I focus on the fact that he is drunk and as such even more off limits than the usually is. I should have brought a potion to sober him up 
but I didn’t think I would meet me. 
“Get off of me vou damn Incubus!” I tell him, raising mice in frustration. Finally 
FINALLY Ramm takes pity on me and helps out by distracting Harry 
Cam 13- Dinner and delight 
“Harry, you’re missing out on your show.” She tells him in a tone I would expect to hear from 
.can she? a mother manipulating a toddler. She can’t seriously think that is going to work, 
I stand corrected. Or rather sit. Harry DID let go of me a little so that he could see the television, but when he moved to sit down on the couch he dragged me with him. I but it’s half–hearted. I need to sit because my knees feel weak and honestly I’m reluctant to let go of him. It’s ridiculous. I don’t WANT to like him or be attracted to b 
It’s his damn Incubus 
magic. This is so unfair. I don’t understand how the other women here aren’t suffering the same way I am. I’m prepared to settle in for a while to watch some kids show but it ends not. long after we find our seats. 
“So, we’ve watched cartoons. You know what that means…” Harry trails off, pure delight on his face. Oh I am not sure I want to hear the answer to this. He makes eye contact with me briefly and I am all but certain he is about to spout out some come on or innuendo and 
embarrass me further. 
“What?” I ask warily. 
“It’s time to build a FORT!” He declares, jumping to his feet and letting go of me at last. I feel suddenly cold without him beside me. Wait, did he say build a fort? 
“I don’t know about that Harry…” Ryann starts, but quickly changes her tune when Harry 
teams up 
with Kiara and begs. I have to admit that I would have trouble denying the pair of them too. The next hour or so is a chaotic mess. Everyone works together to build an enormous blanket fort and it is really very fun. I help build the sides, but when it comes time to build the tops I take a break. I’m too short to reach it properly anyway, I notice that one of Ryann’s guests, Marie, is looking kind of exhausted. I’m not surprised considering she has a very young child with her. She escapes into the kitchen and I follow her. We both have a glass. of water and chat, 
“You know, this isn’t really what I expected from such a powerful group of people. There are four Alphas in this room and some very dominant. Shifters and here they are building at blanket fort and having fun like a group of rowdy children. It’s… more fun than I anticipated.” 
I comment. Marie laughs, 
“Yes, they are an unusual group aren’t they? Not all Shifters are like this, particularly not the dominant ones. But I think this gathering is a chance for them to let loose a bit. Your drinks 
3/4 
Cam 13- Dinner and delight 
are probably helping that along too. My own husband hasn’t been able to relax like this in ages, at least not around anyone other than me. It’s good for them I think. To have friends and just simple fun. I was surprised to receive the invitation from Ryann as gatherings like this aren’t usually something multiple Alphas attend. But I can see what she was trying to accomplish and I agree with her. It’s good for them. They’re all busy trying to be in charge and put together all the time. They need a chance to be childish occasionally. Your Incubus ist also a good friend for them I think. He knows how to bring out the fun side of people.” She smiles happily. I flush red. 
“He’s not MY Incubus. I don’t even know why Harry hangs around me so much. He’s a shameless flirt. He has even admitted it himself.” I . Marie raises an eyebrow. 
“Are you sure? Because I’ve been here all night and while he’s interacted with all the women here, you’re the only one he’s shown any interest in.” She insists. I shake my head. 
“I’m the only one not here with a partner who would end him for trying anything. I’m just the easiest target. That’s all.” I disagree. It’s clear that Marie doesn’t agree with my assessment but she drops the matter. She tilts her head slightly, as if listening to something. 
“Ah, they’re just now realising how dark their fort is going to be. I wonder if we can find a torch or something for them?” She starts opening random drawers in the kitchen. I check the pantry and an idea strikes. Maybe it’s time I bring a little magic into this fort. 
###Chapter 257
Strings of Fate 
Cam 14- Rainbows and ringtones 
With assistance from Marie, I sort through the recycling and find as many empty transparent containers as I can. Including the empty bottles from the alcohol we find seven which is perfect. I use a bottle of vodka that I find shoved in the back of a cupboard and split it between the containers and instruct Marie to use some food dye to colour all the containers with different colours. She manages to use some strategic mixing to make a pretty decent rainbow. I top up the containers with water then carefully focus my magic to cast a basic lantern spell. It’s probably one of the first spells I learned as a kid. A lot of Witches learn it young, usually because they’re scared of the dark and it makes a great night light. The spell wears off in a few hours depending on how much magic you shove into it. I set these ones to last maybe four hours if we’re lucky. I don’t want to waste the energy on making them last longer than that, particularly since I’m making so many of them. The spell can be cast 
outright, but without a base to attach it to the light disperses very quickly unless you 
constantly feed magic into it. The alcohol in the containers should be an adequate base. The water might work, but I’m more familiar working with alcohol so I’d rather use it. Marie. watches in fascination as I recite the simple spell. I don’t make super bright lights, just a soft glow which looks really pretty with the food colouring in it. Again, I could change the colours 
something that will do it for me? I cast the spells one by one and Marie puts the lids on the bottles tightly. Our work completed, we load up 
our arms and take them to the living room. The look of delight and wonder on Kiara, 
and honestly all of the adults‘ faces makes it absolutely worth the effort. I even help out by using the same glue spell that I used when Harry was delivering the potion to stick the bottles up on the fort ceiling. A few drops of alcohol and they’ll come down so it’s an easy enough clean up, but this way there’s not much chance of anyone knocking them over. It’s mor 
likely one of the guys will hit their head and smash a bottle, but most people notice a glowing light and can stay away from it… right? The overall effect leaves the entire fort bathed in a soft, rainbow light which is just as beautiful as I was hoping. If I had more time and planned ahead I would have added glitter, or maybe designs on the bottles to cast some decorative shadows or something. But for a fifteen minute, whatever we could find in the kitchen at someone else’s house project? It turned out fairly well. 
with magic, but why waste the energy when we have 
We all hang out in the giant, rainbow fort for a while. Harry is still drunk and seems to be having the time of his life, although at random intervals he seems to remember that I exist. and tries to plaster himself to my side. I’ve been avoiding him by sticking close to other people. A few times he’s called out that he needs to tell me something, but I don’t think that he should be attempting any kind of proper conversation in this state so I don’t give him the 
1/3 
Cam 14- Rainbows and ringtones 
chance. At one point while he’s distracted by a movie, I decide that it’s time for me to take my leave. I sneak out, doing my best not to draw attention to myself. The only person who acknowledges my leaving is Ryann who gets up to walk me out. This might be the first time I have ever been alone with her. I contemplate taking the chance to ask her about her own magic. I can see her mark and it is definitely unlike anything I’ve ever seen before, but that doesn’t mean she is capable of doing what Harry claims she can do. It also doesn’t mean that she told him what he said she told him. That he and I are ‘fated‘ and so on. The idea just seems too outrageous. I doubt most Incubi ever settle down with a single partner, and if they were going to, wouldn’t it make more sense that they end up with Humans or Succubi. There aren’t exactly a lot of half Incubus children running around so it can’t be that common. No, the entire idea is just silly. I don’t want to embarrass myself by asking Ryann about what is probably some crazy story that Harry made up as a way to hit on me. I take a taxi home and as I brush my teeth and get ready for bed I find I’m very contemplative. I ignored it all night, but my phone was ringing for most of the evening because my grandmother has been trying to get ahold of me. Based on her texts it’s just for another attempt at matchmaking that I will 
happily ignore. I feel very melancholy when I go to bed. I had a wonderful evening, but seeing how loving and happy the Shifter pack is, my own family seems so cold and distant in comparison. My home seems cold and empty too. It takes me a while to fall asleep and the last thing I remember thinking is that I wish I was part of a Coven that was like their pack. 
I sleep late the next morning, probably due to my late night. I’m not hungover because I really didn’t drink that much. I like drinks, but I like making them a lot more than I enjoy drinking them. I’m just getting started with my day when I get a call from Ryann. I almost – missed it since I’ve been ignoring my phone so often lately. 
“Morning.” I answer the phone cheerfully. 
“Hey Cam. So about that drink you made, the one to get the Shifter’s drunk. Well, the good news is that it definitely worked. The bad news is that the hangover is killer and none of these guys were prepared for it.” Ryann sounds friendly but there is a hint of severity in her tone which tells me a similar incident won’t be tolerated. I rush to reassure her while doing my best to appear confident in my decisions. 
“That’s my bad. I really didn’t think it would be that strong. I’ll whip up something to help and send it right over.” That will be a nice way to start my day. I just got a new shipment of some of my depleted supplies and I organised them all yesterday. It will be satisfying to use 
some of them. 
2/3 
Cam 14- Rainbows and ringtones 
“Thanks. And maybe no more sneak attack beverages? Just give a little warning. They probably would have drunk it anyways, but Alex is all guilty and embarrassed about getting. drunk in front of his Alpha. I don’t want people feeling bad over things that were clearly not their fault.” I let out a long sigh. 
“I understand. I really do. I won’t let it happen again. I didn’t expect Harry to be so… well… you know. He’s a clingy drunk. I should have known better. I will be far more careful in the future.” I mean every word. I didn’t even mean to do it this time! I bought the drinks with. every intention of telling everyone what they were. I just thought I would wait until everyone had finished eating first. It didn’t occur to me when I left the drinks in the kitchen that someone might choose to open them, although it’s super obvious now that I think about it. For a moment I worry that Ryann won’t believe me. That she will decide I’m too dangerous to 
have around her family. But thankfully she seems to forgive me. 
“Alright, as long as you give fair warning in the future. They really did enjoy themselves. I hope you did too.” 
“I did!” I rush to assure her. 
“Good. Now I have a party to go clean up after, so I’ll talk to you later. Thanks for coming last night. It was great getting to know you a little better. Bye!” The call ends with a click and I am left sitting there with a silly grin. I go through my phone and change the ringtone for my family members to something different and a little ominous if I’m being honest. Still, now I don’t have to worry about ignoring calls I might actually want to take. I dress in a hurry and head into work then straight back to my work room to get started on a hangover cure. I don’t want to leave my new friends hanging. 
###Chapter 258
Strings of Fate 
Cam 15- Warnings and wondering 
I didn’t expect that Harry would come into the bar tonight, as hungover as I expect he is. But like clockwork, he appears mid afternoon at the time I generally start my shift and stumbles his way to his usual seat. I’m the only one working tonight since I traded shifts with Cora and my other bartender called off sick. I don’t mind. It’s a Monday so I doubt it’ll be TOO busy. 
“You look terrible.” I greet him with a smile. I’m also lying. He might look a little tired, his hair is messier than usual and he’s a little less put together, but in no way does he look bad. If anything he looks more approachable. I am clearly not the only one who thinks so because a group of women out for after work drinks or a late lunch or something have been eying him since he came in and they giggle every time I glance their way. Harry groans and runs a hand. through his hair. 
“I feel like I was hit with a truck. What did you put in that drink of yours? It was fun but I feel like shit. I’m not sure I should be accepting drinks from you anymore.” He grumbles.” 
“Oh, well that’s a shame. I made up a hangover remedy for Ryann to give the Shifters this morning. When I delivered it you had already gone, but I have some left over. But if you’re not accepting drinks from me I might as well just tip it out. It won’t be any good by tomorrow.” I say casually. I’m telling plenty of lies tonight. I made this batch up especially for him. Shifters have a very different metabolism. The remedy for them is completely different. Harry flashes me a pained smile. 
“I take it back. As always I will drink anything as long as it’s made by you.” He winks at me 
and I roll my eyes. 
“I don’t know. If you don’t want to risk it I would totally understand.” I tease. 
“I’ll beg. Take pity on me. Pleeeease?” He bats his eyelashes at me and I snort out a laugh. 
“Okay, okay. Just stop that. You look ridiculous.” I dash into the back and return with the bottle of hangover 
tion. I pour it into a glass then stop when I realise that one of the 
woment from earlier has apparently gotten up the nerve to approach Harry. 
“Hi, I’m Erin. I noticed you don’t have a drink yet so I thought I would come over and buy 
1/5 
Cam 15- Warnings and wondering 
you one.” She bats her eyelashes even more dramatically than he did and leans in close giving him and everyone else in the room a great view of her cleavage. Harry doesn’t seem to notice, I suppose he is used to women throwing themselves at him. He glances up and sees met approaching with his drink. 
“Actually, I think my drink has just arrived. Thanks anyway.” He answers politely, angling himself away from her and towards me. I place the drink in front of him. It doesn’t look very good, a weird greenish colour, but it actually does taste better than it appears. Kind of like a mint smoothie. He takes a sip and I can see the tension leaving him as it alleviates his headache. Erin doesn’t give up so easily. 
“Oh, the 
that’s a strange looking drink. Is it any good?” She persists. 
“It’s alright, it’s not alcoholic.” He answers, again staying perfectly polite. 
“Huh, okay. Are you here alone? Or are you waiting for someone? If you’re free, you can come sit with us.” She suggests, flipping her hair behind her shoulders. I narrow my eyes, waiting to see how he reacts. 
“Sorry, I am actually here with someone.” He informs her. She glances around, clearly confused. 
“What? Who?” She asks. 
“Her.” Harry points at me with a grin. Erin seems a little surprised. Probably because she didn’t even notice me standing here. People often forget the bartender is standing next to them listening, at least until they want a drink. I hear all sorts of things. 
“If you don’t mind, I want to continue my conversation with my friend.” Harry says pointedly. Erin blushes, looking a little embarrassed. 
“Oh, sorry…” She trails off. Her words are aimed at me. 
“It’s no big deal. Can I get you another drink? On the house.” I offer. She accepts gratefully 
and orders drinks for her whole table. I give her the whole lot free because I feel bad for her. 
Rejection is never fun. 
2/5 
Cam 15- Warnings and wondering 
“Sorry about that.” Harry apologises. I tilt my head in confusion. 
“For what?” I ask. He sighs. 
“You really don’t seem to get it. I’m here for YOU. I don’t want you to think otherwise. Besides, I get jealous and worried when other guys flirt with you. I don’t want you to feel that way.” He explains. I shrug like I don’t care, although I have to admit he is a little on the mark with that one. 
“I don’t, so it’s fine.” I answer bluntly. 
“Besides, I’m sure you take women home all the time. I don’t have any expectations.” I point out. Harry frowns as if offended. 
“Is that really what you think of me? I told you that I’m interested in you. Why would I be taking other women home? When would I even find the time? I spend every night sitting here with you.” He reminds me. He sighs deeply then straightens up. 
“I 
guess my friends are right. I need to make myself more clear. Will you go out with me?” He asks. Huh? Is he asking if he can take ME home? 
“I’ve told you before, I’m not sleeping with you.” I remind him. Harry rolls his eyes. 
“I didn’t ask you to sleep with me, I asked if you would go on a date with me. Nothing physical. I just want to spend time with you, when you’re not working, and not with all of our friends watching.” He explains. I shake my head stubbornly. 
“I don’t think that’s a very good idea. It would never end well. I don’t want a relationship that won’t last. I’m used to being alone.” Another lie. I hate being alone. Harry sighs. 
“Fine, I understand that you’re not ready. I’ll just have to wait and ask again later. I just want to make it clear to you. I’m already committed to this relationship, even if I’m the only one in it right now.” His words sound good, they sound like everything I could ever want to hear. But I just don’t believe them. He’s an Incubus, pretty smiles and flattering words are what he’s good at. Besides, why would he care so much about me? And how can I stop myself from caring about him because it’s starting to become a proble 
3/5 
Cam 15- Warnings and wondering 
The next evening Harry tries again.. 
“Would you like to get lunch with me tomorrow?” He asks with a charming smile. I shake my head in refusal. 
“No.” He sighs and proceeds to order another dirty drink that he is definitely not going to receive. More than once I have to remind him that I’m working, usually when making drinks for men because he keeps trying to chase them away. 
‘Harry, I’m the BARTENDER. They have to talk to me to get their drinks,” I tell him, completely exasperated. He glares at some blonde guy who turns tail and walks away without- a drink. 
“Maybe, but they don’t have to flirt with you.” He retorts. I roll my eyes. 
“You flirt with me. If I was going to ban customers who hit on me you would be the first.one to go. So back off or you won’t be allowed to hang around here anymore.” I warn him. Harry pouts but doesn’t argue, even when the blonde guy decides to risk another attempt to get a drink. 
“You never get offended when I flirt with you. You don’t seem to care when other guys hit on you either.” He observes. I laugh. 
“Most of them don’t mean it. They just want cheap drinks. And even if they do, I don’t mind as long as they’re respectful. There’s no harm in asking, as long as they can take no for an answer. Because if they don’t I will hex them or put something nasty in their drinks.” I tell him pleasantly. He narrows his eyes. 
“You already put nasty things in my drinks.” He points out. I laugh. 
“No, I put strange or mildly unpleasant things in your drink. If I was being really nasty you wouldn’t be coming back.” I promise darkly. He seems fascinated. His eyes light up. 
“Does this “no harm in asking‘ rule only apply to flirting or can it apply to other questions too?” He asks. I shrug. 
“I don’t know. I just don’t answer questions I don’t want to answer.” I conclude. 
4/5 
Cam 15- Warnings and wondering 
“Perfect, In that case, what is your favourite colour?” He asks politely. 
“Huh?” I respond dumbly. 
“Your favourite colour. What is it?” He repeats.. 
“Purple?” I respond. He nods seriously. 
“A good choice. I like green 
###Chapter 259
Cam 16- Truth and temptation 
The next night brings an endless stream of questions from Harry. Most of them are easy enough, what do I like to eat, what’s my favourite animal, stuff like that. It’s not until he starts asking questions about my family that I struggle. I could refuse to answer. But not answering would be just as telling that something is wrong as outright telling him. I tend to avoid those questions, giving vague half answers. No I don’t have any siblings, yes my parents are still alive. Stuff like that. I change the topic by pointing out that it’s not fair if I’m the only one talking. So Harry starts answering any questions I do. Enthusiastically. I learn that he was an orphan and grew up in the same place as Ryann which explains their odd friendship and I learn more about his work. He ends the evening by asking me out again. 
“Would you like to get dinner with me sometime?” He asks, I am momentarily confused. He’s been blasting questions at me so fast I nearly just answered yes as a default. 
“No.” 
“Alright then. I’ll try again tomorrow. Goodnight.” And off he goes with a smile. 
The next night I decide to have a little fun with his drink. Since he’s asking so many questions I figure it’s my turn. I drop off a drink in front of him but cover it with my hand 
before he can drink it. 
“Fair warning, this drink is spelled.” I warn. He raises an eyebrow. 
“You spell my drinks all the time. Why are you warning me about this one?” He asks. I sigh. 
“Because I’m not a complete jerk. This drink has a truth spell in it. It’ll only work for three. 
questions. It’s one thing for me to give you potions that make you feel weird or something. But it’s very different to force truth from you.” I tell him. Harry shrugs. 
“I don’t have any secrets from you so I don’t mind.” And without another word he knocks my 
hand aside and downs the drink. 
“Go ahead. What did you want to ask me?” He says cheerfully with a hint of a serious 
expression. 
1/4 
Cam 16- Truth and temptation 
“What is your favourite colour?” I ask. He stares completely confused. 
“Green. But you already knew that. You didn’t need a truth spell for that.” He points out. I 
shrug. 
“I know. The point was to ask something I know so I can be sure it’s working.” I explain. 
“Second question. Why do you really come here so often?” Harry smiles. 
“To see you. It’s the only way I know to get you to spend time with me.” He explains. Hmm. So he wasn’t lying about that. Although it doesn’t really tell me why he wants to spend time with me. He could just be trying to sleep with me. Or maybe he is just weirdly interested in magic. I consider my last question carefully then decide to just ask what I really want to 
know. 
“Why do you want to spend time with me?” I ask quietly. 
‘Because I enjoy it and because I know that we are fated to each other and I want to get to know the person I’m destined to end up with.” He answers easily. My brow furrows. So he wasn’t lying about that. Which doesn’t mean it’s true, just that he believes it’s true. It doesn’t 
mean he won’t change his mind later. 
“Is that it? Your spell has worn off?” He confirms and I nod. 
“Yep, three questions. Any truth spell that lasts longer than that is illegal. As is any spell that forces you to answer unwillingly.” I explain. 
“Doesn’t this spell force the truth?” Harry asks, confused. 
“It makes you tell the truth for three questions IF you choose to answer them. If you didn’t. want to answer you could just refuse to respond or stay silent. The magic would wear off after a few minutes anyway. People buy them for party games like truth or dare mostly. It’s not so strong that you couldn’t fight it. Those kinds of spells that take away someone’s free will are awful. I don’t make them.” I want that to be clear. I might make the occasional weird or sketchy spell, but I stay away from the more manipulative magic. I mostly stick to practical spells, defensive magic and more recently, potions that are good for pranks. 
2/4 
Cam 16- Truth and temptation 
“I understand, you’re a good person. I know that. I do wonder why you suddenly decided to give me a truth potion, and why you chose questions I’ve already answered. Did you think I’ve been lying to you?” He actually seems concerned, leaning over the bar with a furrowed brow. I’m trying to think of a way I can answer that isn’t super insulting. Saying ‘I think you’re a liar‘ is not a great option. Nor is saying that I thought he was trying to trick me. Then again, now I’m fairly convinced that he’s delusional. I actually wanted him to be lying because with every night that he comes here I want him more and more and that’s just 
unacceptable. I’m fine on my own and I refuse to fall for some Incubus who will probably leave as soon as he’s had me. Even if he thinks otherwise. None of this helps me. I can’t tell him that I was hoping he was lying because it would give me a good reason to hate him. I’ve been quiet for too long and a smirk starts to break out across Harry’s face. Damn it, he’s making assumptions. He leans in close. 
“If you don’t answer I will just make up my own answer for you. I think 
you wanted to know because you’re tempted. You want to be with me but you don’t know if you trust me yet so you thought you could trick me into saying something that you could be angry about so that you would have another excuse, to turn me down.” He whispers the words to me and I shiver grateful for the bar between us that stops him from coming any closer, but at the same time I 
sort of wish it wasn’t and that we were alone. 
“Uhm, excuse me? Can I get another cider please?” A timid voice causes me to jerk back and I realise there are at least three people waiting for drinks. I shove Harry back off the bar and get to work, ignoring how bright red I probably am. When did he gain the ability to affect me so much that I forget my job? 
I work hard for the rest of the evening, doing my best to avoid Harry. I drop off drinks to him. without speaking or even waiting for payment and when I don’t have work to do I find some. I polish glasses, clean benches, dust shelves and put everything away so neatly that someone. with OCD couldn’t find a flaw. I’m relieved when I do last call, knowing that there is only a few more minutes until I can head home and get away from his knowing eyes. I’m just about to start kicking people out when the front doors burst open and a man strides in confidently like he owns the place. He leaves the door open behind him, elbows his way past a group women who are on their way out and then stops in front of the bar expectantly. 
Shit, Simon is here. 
of 
3/4 
###Chapter 260
Cam 17- Fake and familiar 
Camille, I was told I would find you here.” His tone is a mixture of pity and disgust combined with a disturbing amount of entitlement. Like I’m the one inconveniencing him by forcing him to come to my workplace to find me. I have avoided him at every chance I’ve had after blatantly rejecting him last time before leaving my coven’s home. That’s not 
a was in tow just ignoring a hint, that’s ignoring a giant neon sign written in caps which says to eff off! Why is he here? Is he stalking me now? What business could he possibly still have with me? 
“This is where I work, Simon. What are you doing here? How did you know I would be here?” I demand rudely. Simon laughs like I’ve said something hilarious. 
“Your grandmother told me about this place. Since you’ve missed our last few meetings because you were so busy here I thought I might as well indulge you and come see what the big deal is. Your mother told me you refused to miss work, although I don’t know why. 
tha It’s not like you have to worry about pissing off your boss when you’ll be quitting soon anyway.” He remarks running a finger over the bar then wiping it on his pants like it came away dirty which it obviously isn’t because I JUST scrubbed it. 
“I AM the owner of this bar and what on earth gives you the impression that I intend to quit. working here?” I demand, stalking out from behind the bar to confront him properly, hands on my hips. Okay, so technically I’m only half owner, but that doesn’t sound as good. Besides, I love my job and this place. I worked hard to make it what it is today. I wouldn’t give it up for anything! Simon rolls his eyes and speaks to me like he is indulging a child. 
“Well obviously you won’t have time anymore when we’re married. I want at least three children which should keep you plenty busy without all this. Although I suppose if you own the place we can sell it for some extra cash so that’s not too bad.” He comments thoughtfully. I see red and I temporarily lose the ability to speak. I have to take a few deep breaths before I 
lose my temper. 
“I’ve told you before and I’ll tell you again. No matter what my mother or grandmother might have promised you, I am NOT going to marry you and I am definitely not having your 
children!” I insist. Simon just smirks at me. 
“Your mother did say you were being obstinate. But I’m sure you’ll stop being silly and make the right choice soon. It’s not like you’re going to get a better offer.” He tells me smugly. He 
1/3 
Cam 17–Fake and familiar 
acts like it’s a done deal and I’m a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. I have no idea what to do to get rid of this man. I’ve refused him in no uncertain terms but he just barrels on, ignoring my opinions and wishes. True, he can’t actually force me to marry him. But he can cause plenty of trouble for me along the way. Especially now that he knows where I work. What am I going to do? My eyes dart around, searching for a solution, or possibly an exit so that I can run away. My eyes land on Harry who is watching with undisguised interest and horror and an idea forms. A man like Simon will never listen to me, to make him give up he needs to really believe that he has no chance. 
I just know I’m going to regret this but it seems like the fastest way to get rid of Simon. 
“Actually, I do have a better offer, or at least I’m expecting one anytime now. Isn’t that right Harry?” I angle myself away from Simon and give Harry a pleading look. He catches on immediately and without so much as a pause he’s on his feet and joining the conversation. 
“Of course babe, you have to be patient though. When I propose to you I want it to be perfect. But don’t worry, I won’t make you wait too long.” Harry winks at me suggestively and I have to work not to roll my eyes. I’m worried that he’s overdoing it but Simon’s eyes are darting between the two of us, trying to figure out what’s happening. Harry sidles in closer to me, slipping his hand around my waist and resting it on my hip. I force myself to relax into his side. Simon’s face is starting to go red. 
“Who is this?” He demands angrily. 
“This is my… my boyfriend. Harrison.” I manage to force out. The words feel unnatural. Harry holds out a hand to shake but Simon ignores it. 
“But your mother insisted you were unattached!” He blusters. 
“Definitely not, Cam’s family don’t approve of me much, but I didn’t realise they had moved on to pretending I don’t exist!” Harry says with a laugh. He’s a much better actor than I am. I 
look up at him mournfully. 
‘Sorry about them.” I tell Harry. He smiles at me, the perfect picture of devotion. 
“Don’t apologise. You know the only person whose approval I need is yours.” He answers sweetly. Simon snorts, drawing my attention away from Harry. 
2/3 
Cam 17- Fake and familiar 
“I do not believe you!” He declares.. 
“If you are so in love, why didn’t you say anything when I first came in?” He demands. Harry shrugs, 
“Cam can take care of herself.” He answers easily. 
“B–but..” Simon seems stuck on the words and he’s turning a weird shade of purple. 
“But what? I am not going to marry you. I. AM. TAKEN. Very happily taken and completely not available. Leave me alone!” I insist. Simon’s pretence of manners falls away completely. 
“You have to be JOKING! There’s no way you would choose some boy toy INCUBUS over me! 
Do you know who my family are?” He yells. 
“How dare you! Harry is ten times the man you are and I wouldn’t marry you if we were the last two people on earth! Get it through your thick skull. I don’t want you. I don’t care about your family or mine. I don’t want more power, I don’t want to pop out endless little Witch babies for you and there is NOTHING you can do to change my mind. Now get OUT before I am forced to call the authorities!” It takes every bit of power I have not to shove him. Harry delivers the final blow when he pulls me close, leans down and gently presses his lips to mine. I swear I nearly pass out on the spot and I feel a rush of his magic surging through me. He pulls back. 
“Thank you for defending me love.” He says, quietly but just loud enough for Simon to hear. Again I have to point out, Harry is a MUCH better actor than me. I’m so stunned I can’t get another word out. I hide my face against his chest hoping that Simon won’t see how frazzled I am. This is really not how I thought my night was going to go. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 261
Cam 18- Damsels and debts 
I’m still just standing stunned in Harry’s arms hiding my face when I feel his hand stroke down my hair and over my spine stopping midway down my back and I swear my knees buckle. Harry whispers in my ear. 
“I’m happy to stay like this as long as you like and I’ll probably regret telling you this but he left.” Harry’s voice is teasing but gentle like he’s trying to rile me up but isn’t completely convinced that it’s the right thing to do. I stay for a half second longer, take a deep breath, then step away 
away from Harry who lets his arms fall to his sides. I stare at him, not quite sure how to explain what just happened. Do I even need to explain? It felt pretty self explanatory. My family sucks, Simon is an asshole and I was desperate. He happened to be there and I knew he would be willing to help. But why did I assume he would be the one to help me? Just because he was the only one here? Or was there another reason? I suppose I trusted him. enough to know that he wouldn’t ditch me or make things worse, and I have to admit I was actually pretty angry when Simon insulted him, even though I’ve been guilty of similar thoughts about Incubi. Maybe I should try to go a little easier on him. After this can I really continue to argue that we aren’t friends? 
Not quite sure that I’m ready to answer the probably inevitable questions that Harry is going. to come up with, I swap back to my customer service bravado. 
“Well that was an adventure. I didn’t know you were such a good actor.” I compliment him. See, I’m being nicer. I can totally do this, although it might take a while for me to fight my automatic reaction which at this point is to say something snarky or insulting to him and walk away. Harry narrows his eyes at me. 
“That was… actually nice of you to say. Usually you would just insist that I’m great at manipulating people or something.” He considers for a moment before grinning at me, his smile makes him look even more attractive than usual and I have to force myself not to stare 
and maybe swoon. 
“Does this mean you’re finally coming round? Are you willing to admit we’re meant to be together? You said as much to the dingbat.” He asks hopefully. I can’t help but snort out a laugh at his nickname for Simon. I’m going to have to start calling him dingbat too. It’s strangely satisfying. 
1/4 
Cam 18- Damsels and debts 
“Don’t get carried away. I was just trying to get him to leave me alone. You know that. I’m not admitting to anything of the type…” I trail off then sigh. 
“I WILL admit that I owe you one though. Thanks for your help.” I tell him gratefully. Now most people when you thank them, they respond with ‘no problem‘ or ‘your welcome‘ or even “it was my pleasure. But not Harry. Nope, when I admit to him that I owe him, I instantly realise that I have made a huge mistake when the biggest smirk crosses his face. Shit. 
“Aaah, a favour. One boon from the damsel in distress. Whatever shall I claim?” He asks dramatically, hand over his heart and fluttering his fingers. Pretending that he is flustered as he contemplates his decision. 
“Well, I might have a FEW ideas.” He straightens up, dropping his drama queen act and swapping back to his usual flirtatious self. He winks at me. I glare back. Why am I more comfortable with his inappropriate commentary than I am when he’s being helpful? Maybe because it’s easy to turn him down when he’s being inappropriate and much harder to sass back at him when he says something that’s actually genuine. 
“I am telling you right now I am not sleeping with you.” I tell him flatly. Harry rolls his eyes. 
“As if I need to use a favour for that. No, when you decide to get in bed with me it won’t be because I had to bribe you. Although I think it’s interesting that sex is the only thing you’re worried I might ask for.” He points out. I flush red and turn away, heading back behind the bar. I start counting the till but honestly I just need to put a barrier between us and I need something to do so I have another option other than staring at him. 
“Avoiding the question. Okay then. Well I’ll try a different line of questioning. Why don’t I find out what exactly you WOULD do in exchange for this favour. Hmm, what about a drink, would you give me a free drink?” He asks, leaning his elbows onto the bar. I shrug. 
“Sure, do you want a drink?” I offer. Harry shakes his head. 
“Not right now, no. What about a hug?” He suggests. 
“I suppose so, although that hardly seems like much of a prize. I hugged you like two minutes ago.” I point out. Harry laughs. 
2/4 
Cam 18- Damsels and debts 
“You’re right, I should aim for something more unattainable. What about dinner?” he asks. I pause then try to play my hesitation off with a casual shrug. 
“I suppose I could buy you dinner.” I agree. 
“I meant I’d take you to dinner. But it’s good to know.” He sighs deeply.. 
“What about a kiss?” He tries. I narrow my eyes. 
“You’re really pushing it.” I warn him. 
“You didn’t say no.” He points out. I sigh. 
“Is that what you want, Harry?” I ask, suddenly exhausted. 
“Always, but it’s not what I’m going to ask for. I want a chance to spend time with you, outside of this bar I mean.” He explains, almost a little sad. 
“So you want to go to dinner then?” I clarify. He shakes his head in refusal. 
“No, I want you to choose to go on a date with me. I would hate it if you resented me because you feel tricked into it.” He explains. Oh, well… alright then. 
“What do you want then?” I ask, kind of confused. He wants to spend time with me but 
doesn’t want to ask for a date? 
“You walk to and from work, right?” He confirms. I nod. 
“Yeah, I live pretty close so I don’t usually bother bringing my car. Too many drunk idiots. hang around in bars.” Yeah I know I’m the one giving them the booze, but I’m not responsible for their stupid decisions, and neither is my car. 
“I thought so. In that case, I was you to let me walk you home from now on.” He enunciates each word clearly and slowly, like he’s concerned he is going to mess up his request somehow. I look up at him in confusion. 
3/4 
Cam 18- Damsels and debts 
“Huh? How is that a reward? Isn’t it just extra work for you?” I point out. Harry shrugs. 
“It’s a few minutes longer before I have to say goodbye every night. Besides, you clearly have 
some a stalker in the form of mr dingbat. If he turns up at your place, wouldn’t it be better if I’m with you?” He points out. I stare. 
“I suppose… but this still doesn’t seem like a reward for you.” I say reluctantly. What is he planning? Is he thinking he can convince me to invite him into my home? That I’ll be more accepting of his advances outside of work? Harry just smiles at me. 
“Regardless, it’s what I want. Will you allow it?” He persists. I suppose I trust him enough to know where I live. If he turns up or annoys me too much I could ask Ryann to intervene, and he could be using this chance to aim for something more intimate, but he’s chosen something that will actually help me too. I can’t think of any reason to refuse him. 
“Alright.” I agree, a little reluctantly. Harry beams at me and stands up straight. 
“Wonderful. In that case, are you ready to go?” 
###Chapter 262
Strings of Fate 
Cam 19- Bills and backup 
In the end, it takes another twenty minutes until I’m completely closed up and ready to head home. The place is already clean since I was avoiding Harry so awkwardly earlier, but it takes a few minutes to finish counting the till, put the money in my safe which I keep locked physically and with a magic lock, much like my potion storage shelf. I’m the only one who can open it. I spoke to my co–owner about it when setting it up and he agreed that the additional safety of a magical lock was worth giving up his own access. I don’t think he even lives in town so he has no reason to be here in the first place. Lastly, I finish locking up the building. 
“You left the lights on.” Harry observes. Moments later, they all – 
eyebrow. I grin back. 
off and he raises an 
“I had a slow night so I rigged a spell. Once this door gets locked for the night the lights will turn off as long as there is no one left inside the building. It’s not perfect, but it means I don’t have to worry about forgetting a light and driving up the electric bill.” I explain. 
“You can do that?” Harry asks dubiously. 
“Sure, there are a lot of things you can do with magic. But a lot of them aren’t available to the public because they would be too expensive. Like the spell I did on the power. It wasn’t that difficult, but it took hours. Can you imagine what it would cost you to get HOURS of a Witches time? They charge an arm and a leg for potions that they can make in bulk which 
take only an hour to make. Unless they charge thousands of dollars an hour which realistically noone is actually going to pay, a spell like that just isn’t going to make them any money. So it isn’t advertised. People don’t think to buy something they don’t know is possible or don’t imagine they can afford. You should visit a coven house sometime. I swear those places are so jam packed with spells that if you took the magic out they would all come tumbling down.” I joke as we walk, Harry seems cheerful, swinging his arms as he walks. 
“That’s surprising. Witches make all magic seem so difficult and out of reach.” He comments. 
1 roll my eyes. 
“LEARNING magic is difficult. It takes years of practice and experiments to figure out the exact way to make something work, why do you think Witches are so protective of their grimoires? It’s much easier to learn how to do something if you have a step by step guide. But 
1/4 
Cam 19- Bills and backup 
once you know what to do, using magic is as easy as breathing. The hard part is knowing what the end result of a spell will be. It’s why I prefer potions. I can measure them out and plan them carefully. Spells are a little more unpredictable. I like to stick to tried and tested spells.” I explain. 
“Somehow that’s even more surprising. Given how much you like to experiment. How many untested potions have you fed me so far?” He asks with a cheeky smirk. 
“Technically none. At least none that I didn’t try myself first. I might not react the same way you do since I don’t have the same system as you, but I can at least be sure that nothing I give is harmful. I’m not that cruel.” I insist. 
“I never thought you were. Although I am a little concerned at the implications that you’re testing random potions on yourself. You don’t do that on your own do you? Like you at least make sure there’s someone around to call for help if something goes wrong… right?” He 
demands. 
“You’re not going to tell me I shouldn’t be testing them on myself?” I had this argument with my family many times. They used to insist it was too risky and that I should just pay someone desperate to try the potions for me. I never felt right about taking advantage of desperate people that way. 
“Nah, you care too much to let anyone else test a potion if you wouldn’t even test one on me. But surely you don’t test them alone… right?” Harry actually sounds really concerned. I never used to test them alone. My mother didn’t agree with my choices, but she was still there in the end to bail me out if something went wrong. I never realised how reassuring that was 
until I was on my own. Not that I let it stop me. 
“Well… not anymore. But I’m careful. I keep the hospital on speed dial and make sure there are various healing potions around that have been thoroughly tested.” I answer. Damn it, I sound like I’m making excuses. I sort of am, I know it isn’t safe to test potions alone. Harry walks beside me in silence for a minute before he says anything. 
“Well, in that case, I’m saying not anymore to YOUR not anymore. Next time you decide to do something reckless, I’ll be your back up. Okay?” He demands. 
“You promise you won’t try to stop me?” I ask, strangely nervous about his answer. I feel like 
2/4 
Cam 19- Bills and backup 
me.or 
he’s judging me, or maybe I’m judging him? 
“I’d never try to stop you. You’re the expert, not me. But I do want to make sure you’re safe.” He states firmly and I can’t help but smile. That was the answer I wanted to hear. Maybe being friends with Harry will work out alright after all. 
I’m actually a little surprised when we reach my home. Mostly because the walk didn’t feel as long as it usually does, particularly after a night as long as this one. 
“Well, good night Harry.” I say awkwardly. 
“Night Cam, I’ll see you tomorrow. You’re working right?” He confirms. 
“Uh, yeah…” I trail off. He frowns. 
“Is something wrong?” He asks, tilting his head in confusion. 
“No, not at all… just… you’re not going to ask to come in, or make some joke about taking me to bed?” He makes constant innuendos, although I have to admit he’s behaved himself remarkably well on the walk home. Harry raises an eyebrow. 
“Would you let me in?” He asks pointedly. 
“No.” I answer immediately. 
“That’s what I figured. I enjoy asking you questions though and I’d hate to disappoint so I will ask if you will go on a date with me?” He doesn’t seem overly optimistic. I don’t think he’s actually expecting me to say yes. 
“No.” I respond. I might be friends with him now, but I still don’t think dating him is a good idea. I like him and I think it would break my heart if he turned out to be anything other than what he says he is. He might be infatuated with me now, but it won’t last, particularly if I give him what he wants. He probably just enjoys the challenge. So for the sake of being friends with him, there is just no way I can let myself have any other kind of relationship. I don’t explain myself though. I learned the hard way that if you give a reason then it allows someone to argue with you, it’s much harder to disagree with an outright refusal. Harry doesn’t ask either. He just waits for me to unlock my door, says goodnight then goes on hist 
3/4 
Cam 19- Bills and backup 
merry way, strolling like he hasn’t a care in the world and looking entirely too cheerful for a guy who was just blatantly rejected. 
###Chapter 263
Cam 20- Numbers and noticing 
The next morning I wake up to about fifty missed calls from my mother and grandmother as well as calls from an unknown number. I’d bet anything the unknown calls are from Simon. I’m sure my family gave my number to him since they happily gave him my workplace. I guess it’s a good thing I haven’t told them where I live although it’s probably only a matter of time. I groan and bury my head in my pillows as my phone starts to ring again. I know I didn’t want to cut them off entirely, but maybe it is time to start thinking about changing my phone number after all. I still know where they live. It’s not like I couldn’t track them down if I wanted to. But no, unless I choose to completely cut them off and move away, far away, they will be able to track me down eventually and they’re just stubborn enough to do it. I drag myself out of bed and hop into the shower. I end up taking some extra time with my hair and 
makeup today, styling my waves carefully and applying more makeup than I usually bother with because I look just as exhausted as I feel and even if I don’t agree with her about everything I always did like my grandmother’s advice when it comes to bad days. Control what I can. Which basically just means myself. I might be exhausted but that doesn’t mean I need to LOOK like a mess. It’s amazing the difference that the confidence gained from taking a little extra time to get ready can actually make and how much easier it can make a day feel. I have to get to work early today because I’m expecting a delivery. I drag myself out of my house, shove headphones on and head to work listening to my playlist. Maybe if I play the music loud enough, I can drown out my own thoughts, specifically the voices of my mother and grandmother that seem to be permanently stuck in my brain. 
I sort out the delivery then go to hang out in my work room. I should probably do something productive or useful, but I just don’t feel like it. I end up sitting on the bench in my work room, scrolling through my phone and reading the messages my family 
sent. 
Mum- Did you get a chance to talk to Simon? He said he was going to track you down! See, I told you he hasn’t given up on you yet. 
Mum- Honey? How did it go? I know it’s been a few years but he hasn’t changed. He’s still very handsome, isn’t he? Not to mention he has THREE Witch sisters. Imagine that. Three new Witches to add to the coven! Plus it shows they have plenty of magic in their blood. You’re practically guaranteed magical children. He’s perfect! 
Grandma- Your mother and I have spent a lot of time setting this up for you. Don’t waste the chance. You won’t find a better match. 
1/3 
Cam 20- Numbers and noticing 
Mum- WHAT. DID. YOU. DO? I set everything up for you perfectly and you drive him away! And what’s this Simon is telling me about some Incubus boyfriend? I have assured him that he misunderstood the situation somehow. I’ve given him your phone number and he’s going to call you to sort things out. 
Unknown- What the hell is going on here? I was promised an explanation and now you won’t even answer the phone? Bitch. 
Mum- I don’t care what you’re doing. You need to call Simon back. 
Mum- Are you ignoring me? Answer your damn phone Camille. 
It’s like it hasn’t even occurred to them that I would have been ASLEEP, or working. I’m still getting calls and texts right now and they’re getting increasingly unhappy. I’m starting to regret my makeup after all because I am about two seconds away from crying and raccoon eyes are not a good look. I hear a tapping sound at the front of the building which jerks met out of my thoughts. Who is it? I already received the delivery and the bar doesn’t open for a few hours yet. I’m halfway to the door when I freeze in place. What if it’s Simon again? Or worse, my grandmother? The door rattles again and I’m about to dart back into my work. room to pretend I’m not here when a familiar voice calls out. 
“Cam? I know you’re in there. The lights are on and you were expecting a delivery today. Can I come in or are you really going to make me wait out here until you open?” Harry speaks loud enough that I suspect the entire street can hear him. I roll my eyes. He’s so dramatic. I 
unlock the door and let him in. 
“Seriously Harry, was it necessary to announce your presence to the entire street?” I joke. He 
shrugs. 
“Well how else was I meant to get your attention? It’s not like I can call you since you keep refusing to give me your number.” He says pointedly. Oh he has a point. I roll my eyes and 
can’t repress a smile. 
“Oh all right. I guess it’s only fair.” I give him my number. What’s he going to do? Text me a hundred times a day? Call me and try to flirt? Send me a dirty picture? All of those things. would be a nice change from the constant harassment I’m getting now. Harry immediately enters it into his phone and calls me, except I left my phone in the other room. 
2/3 
Cam 20- Numbers and noticing 
“You have to save my number, okay? That way you can call me when you want to test potions, or if you need someone to walk you home, or if you just want company. Really you should just call me. I don’t care why.” Harry insists. 
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll save your number.” I agree. 
“Awesome! I need to text the group chat and tell them I finally got your number. Ryann has been teasing me about it for WEEKS.” He crows, absolutely delighted. It’s sort of adorable that he is so excited about something as small as my phone number. 
“What’s this group chat you’re talking about?” I ask curiously. Harry grins. 
“It was originally just myself, Ryann and Megan, but they added their partners and Aaron plus Amber and it’s just slowly expanded. We use it as a sort of running feed on our lives and a place to ask each other advice. Mostly it’s just everyone waiting to hear about my romantic failures though.” Harry sighs. 
“Romantic failures?“I demand. Harry shrugs. 
“Well sure. I mean how many times have I asked you out and failed to make progress? It took weeks for me to even get you to notice me at all. You seem weirdly resistant to my charms.” He points out. He thinks I’m ‘resistant to his charms‘ like he thinks his magic doesn’t work on me? I can barely keep from throwing myself at him most of the time! And WEEKS to notice him? I notice everyone! It’s what I do. I watch them, make drinks and make sure they’re safe and having fun. Does he really think it was even remotely possible that I didn’t immediately notice him? He’s not exactly subtle, is he? On the bright side, at least this means he hasn’t realised how badly I want him. Because wanting something does not mean it’s good for me and I refuse to let him break my heart. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NO
###Chapter 264
Cam 21- Fun and family 
“Well, I’m not sure how that group chat would be fun for you. It mostly sounds embarrassing if you ask me.” I awkwardly point out. Harry laughs. 
“It would take more than that to embarrass me. What do I have to be embarrassed about? Do you think I should be humiliated because you’ve turned me down?” He asks. I shake my head. 
“No, that’s not what I meant at all.” I really didn’t. 
“So all I’m really doing is asking my friends for advice. I’ve not exactly tried to pursue someone seriously before. When I realised that it wasn’t going to be as easy as I imagined, I recruited a few friends so that they could tell me when I’m being an absolute numbskull.” He 
explains. 
“Right… That still doesn’t exactly sound like fun.” I point out. 
“It isn’t always, which is why I’m excited to tell them I got your number. It’s a win for me. This is already turning out to be a great day!” He says excitedly. 
“Well, for one of us at least.” I mutter. I didn’t really intend for him to hear that comment but from the way he narrows his eyes I doubt I was as quiet as I thought I was. 
“We should celebrate!” He announces. 
“Let’s do something fun.” He suggests. 
“What?” I’m confused. 
“Something fun, what were you doing when I got here? Something interesting? Or we could find something else to do?” He seems eager and heads straight through to my work room. leaving me waiting behind him. Huh? 
“Cam? Did you know your phone is ringing? And I promise it isn’t me this time!” He calls out. I dash into the room and snatch up my phone. 
1/4 
I know, Its nong, QUIL WOLLy Quvul I. 
in concern. 
I VIULL UNL 
“You know, you were like this last time I pointed out your phone too. Is something wrong? Last time I threw a bit of a jealous tantrum, sorry again about that. So I definitely wasn’t thinking straight, but now that I am I’m a little worried. Are you in trouble? Is someone bothering you? You’re very protective of your phone and you seem really anxious about it. I don’t know what good I’ll be, but I can try to help.” He offers earnestly, his blue eyes staring into mine. I want to brush him off, but isn’t he already helping? He helped send Simon away and there is every chance that my family will approach him at some point about it. Would it really be so bad if I just tell him everything? He heard half of it from Simon ranting anyway. 
“Look, it’s no big deal, not really. It’s just my family. Well, my mother and grandmother really, but when it comes to my family they’re the only ones whose opinions matter. They’re… not happy with me right now. They don’t approve of my life choices. Especially when it comes to relationships.” I explain. He nods understandingly. 
“Ahh, the dingbat was their idea?” He asks and I agree. 
“Yes. They don’t love the idea of me working here either. Good Witch daughters stay with the coven and help build more power and wealth. I was happy to go along with their plans for me until all the drama started with Simon and they betrayed me.” My words come out bitter and 
Harry catches it immediately. 
“Betrayed? With bad matchmaking? It sounds like there’s more to the story than that.” He prompts and I sigh. 
“They didn’t take no for an answer. When I didn’t seem interested in Simon and told them as much, they… well they put a ‘love potion‘ in my drink. Not that love potions are real. You can’t make someone fall in love. But you can temporarily trigger endorphins and make another person into the trigger so that they might be tricked into thinking they have feelings that they don’t really have. I got lucky, I had been testing a potion on myself earlier that day and it interacted weirdly with what they gave me. I ended up vomiting for like three days, but. the spell didn’t take. They admitted what they did after the second day of vomiting so that I could try to make up something to counteract it. Although I ended up having to wait it out. anyway.” I shudder. Those three days were awful. I felt terrible, and on the third day when I realised what they had done I had never felt so betrayed. 
2/4 
Cam 21- Fun and family 
“They DO love me, the problem is they care more about power and money than anything else and they don’t seem to understand that it won’t mak 
me happy.” I lean onto my bench and drop my forehead onto the table, hiding my face. Harry has been oddly quiet throughout my explanation. After a few minutes of silence with my head down on the table, I sit up and realise that he’s been waiting patiently for me to face him. 
“I can’t say that Punderstand what it’s like to have a family like that. Ryann is the closest thing to family that I ever had. But I do know what it looks like when someone is experiencing feelings fueled by magic. Any guy who wants you like that isn’t worth your time and if your family really believe that you can be happy that way then they’re insane.” He says bluntly. I just sigh in response. I know he isn’t wrong, but I have more good memories with my family than I do bad ones and it’s hard to just ignore all the good times. As if to make Harry’s point, my phone starts ringing again. I left it face up on the bench and we can both. see that it’s my mother calling. Again. 
“I could take care of it, if you want. I assume the dingbat has already told her about me. I could answer the phone and tell her to stop calling, keep up the story we told the dingbat. It’s not like I care what she thinks about me.” Harry offers. I shake my head. 
“No thanks, it wouldn’t really help. They probably think I’m just trying to spite them. They won’t care what you say.” I sigh. I’m going to have to speak to them eventually. In person. I’ll have to sort this out and make myself clear. But I don’t think I’m ready to do it right now. 
“Alright then. If you’re not feeling up to dealing with drama right now, I’m going to suggest we go back to my original plan. Let’s do something fun. You told me that you like making potions and spells for fun. So, what’s the most pointless, silly magic you know?” He asks. I feel like he’s giving me whiplash with how fast he’s changing the subject. But I can get behind the concept of avoiding my problems for a while longer. But he wants me to pick a silly spell? 
“Seriously?” I ask dubiously. 
“Sure why not? I can be your assistant again. You have a few hours right?” He seems excited again and I remember the dinner party at the Alpha’s place and how much fun everyone had with his childish activity idea. Childish fun wasn’t allowed at my house, not even when I was a child and I’m suddenly looking forward to the idea of doing something fun and pointless with my magic. 
###Chapter 265
Cam 22- Glitter and gimmicks 
Harry is bouncing in place, eager to see what kind of mischief we can get up to. My home. might have been fairly serious growing up, but that doesn’t mean that I didn’t find a few practical spells that I adapted to be a little silly. Not that I would have dared to try any of them. But it was fun to think about. I figure I’ll stick with a potion since that’s something Harry can help with too. It won’t be all that fun for him if I’m the one doing all the work. I start listing ingredients and Harry jumps into action to find them for me. He continues asking questions as he has every other time he’s been in here to make sure he’s doing things right, but he’s got my organisational system down now and he knows what most of my basic ingredients are. I did let him put a label on a couple of the nearly identical herbs. I don’t want to accidentally use the wrong one and make a poison instead of a potion. Harry lays out all the ingredients meticulously, and I set up a little saucepan over an electric stovetop which I plug in and set up on the bench. 
“What are we making?” Harry asks eagerly. 
“It’s a surprise. Now, I need you to measure out three grams of the rose quartz.” I direct. Harry’s eyebrows fly up into his hair and he gapes at me. 
“You’re going to let me measure something?” He seems stunned. I shrug. 
for sale 
“Sure, this isn’t a potion for consuming and it’s not for sale so if you mess something up the world won’t end. I’ll keep an eye out to make sure there’s nothing explosive or anything. It will be interesting to see if you’re any good at it.” I declare. 
“But I’m not a Witch. I don’t have magic, at least not the kind that works for this kind of thing.” He reminds me. I roll my eyes dramatically. 
“Obviously, I know that. I can do that part. But you can do a lot of the prep. My dad always did the prep for mum’s potions. She HATES measuring out potions. She likes spellwork. She’s basically my opposite.” Harry holds up the measured out quartz for my approval and I nod. 
“Are spells and potions that different? I thought Witches learned both.” He wonders. I shrug. 
“Sure, but a person can know how to bake and how to cook, that doesn’t mean they love both. 
1/4 
Cam 22- Glitter and gimmicks 
Most of them have a preference. I’m okay at spellwork, but it’s very rigid. You have to follow strict rules and even the slightest variation can have catastrophic effects. It is not something you can stop part way or change your mind about. You need to be completely confident in the spell and commit to it completely. Potions are a little more relaxed. You can mix and match and see how it turns up. Sure it can still go wrong, but it’s usually more intentional and easier to control. The physical ingredients are easy to measure, controlling thoughts and staying focussed for a spell is harder.” I sigh. 
“Unless you ask my mum. She says measuring things out and keeping track of and memorising the ingredients is hellish and that spells are just a matter of being a decisive and confident person.” I frown. Mum always insisted I would do better on my spellwork if I stopped worrying about it so much. But it’s hard not to worry when you have your entire family judging and critiquing you. 
“I suppose I see the difference. You like control and you like to experiment with new things so I guess potions make sense for you. But I don’t see how you could be bad at spellwork. You seem like a pretty confident person to me.” He observes. I shrug. 
“I’m not bad. Just not as good as I could be. But I do have to admit that my family doesn’t exactly bring out my confident side. I’m not the same around them.” That’s just depressing. I’m not able to be myself around the people who raised me, the people who should love me the most. I shake myself from my thoughts. 
“Enough of this, you’re meant to be keeping me distracted so I don’t stress about my family. So next up you need to grind up the rose quartz. There’s a mortar and pestle there that your can use.” I poke his arm to get him moving. Harry smirks at me. 
of ideas on w 
“Don’t tempt me. I have plenty of ideas on ways to keep you distracted if this isn’t working.” He lowers his voice seductively and I glare at him. 
“You should be grinding.” He opens his mouth to answer and I interrupt. 
“Don’t you dare. You asked for fun magic and if you don’t get started we won’t have time. It have invoices I could be sorting through.” I warn. Harry snaps his mouth shut, gives a cheeky salute and gets to work. 
An hour later, the potion is almost finished and I tell Harry to step aside so that I can add the 
2/4 
Cam 22- Glitter and gimmicks 
magic while I heat it up with the little stove. 
“You’re bossy when you’re making potions.” He notes. I raise an eyebrow. 
“I let you help with a potion and you’re complaining?” I ask incredulously. He’s been constantly hanging around and asking questions. Isn’t this what he wanted? He waves me away casually. 
“Oh hell no, I’m not complaining. It’s hot. I’m just pointing it out.” He winks and me and I fall silent. How am I supposed to respond to that? I choose to ignore him and focus on the potion. I finish adding the magic. 
“Now what?” Harry asks. The potion is a bubblegum pink colour and it’s just about to come. to a boil. 
“It’s almost done.” I tell him patiently. Five minutes later the potion is more of a pastel pink and I turn off the stove. I clap my hands together. 
“Okay, now for the fun part. Grab a spoonful of the potion. DON’T drink it!” I say firmly. 
Harry carefully scoops up a spoonful of the jelly like potion. 
“What do I do with it?” Harry asks. I grin. 
“Use the spoon and flick it into the air.” I gesture in the general direction of the door, away from where we are both standing. 
“Seriously? Won’t that make a mess?” He asks warily. 
“Just do it, you’ll see.” I promise. Harry shrugs and flings the potion into the air. Within a few moments of being airborne the potion changes from liquid to gas and basically turns into a miniature, pastel pink and very glittery cloud. Harry stares at it wide–eyed. 
“Woah, that’s awesome. It kind of looks like a little kid’s dream decorations for some unicorn princess themed party. What exactly IS the potion?” He asks. I laugh at his description. He 
isn’t wrong. 
“It’s technically a distraction spell, intended for battles and a quick getaway, or to use as a 
3/4 
Cam 22- Glitter and gimmicks 
distraction. Traditionally, it’s a dull colour and doesn’t have any glitter, but it does a great job of obscuring vision. But I think it’s more fun like this, and probably even more distracting. I thought this up ages ago and just never got around to testing it.” I explain. I scoop a spoonful of potion and fling it into the air, giggling as it turns to mist. 
“How long does it last?” Harry queries. 
“Probably only five minutes or so. It would last longer if I added more magic but I didn’t see the point.” 
“Fair enough…” Harry trails off thoughtfully as he watches the first cloud begin to dissipate. 
“Have you ever considered creating magical decorations for the bar? Like your colourful magic lanterns, or glittery clouds for special events. You did call the place ‘Witches Booze‘. Why not lean into the aesthetic. Magic is pretty inaccessible for most people so I bet it would draw customers.” He reasons. 
“That’s… actually not a bad idea. I’ll have to brainstorm up some ideas. Different decorations for different occasions and ones that I can produce reliably for everyday.” This might actually be pretty cool. I’ve been trying to work out a way to make my bar stand out from all the others, and for bonus points, my family would HATE it. I’m suddenly determined to make it happen. Harry beams at me, thrilled that I approve of his idea. 
“Can I help?” He asks excitedly. 
“You had better, you’re the only assistant I’ve got!” 
###Chapter 266
Cam 23- Costs and concerns 
We end up taking the remaining potion as well as a pencil and paper out to the bar. I get things set up for the evening while Harry alternates between writing down lists of different holidays and occasions and flinging the potion around the room to watch the clouds float around. We still have some potion left when I open up for the evening, although I’ve put it behind the bar, not wanting anyone to mistake it for a beverage. I don’t think it would do any serious damage. But I bet they would be hiccuping up glitter for weeks at the very least. 
“Did you want a drink?” I ask Harry. He frowns at me, apparently unhappy. 
“What?” I ask. 
“You never ask me what I want. You just give me whatever awful concoction you’ve come up with. Are you out of ideas or am I just not worth the effort anymore?” He pouts. Is he actually sulking that I’m NOT giving him weird, gross drinks? He seems to have placed some importance on them and how I single him out. Well that was not what I intended but I guess I can see how he got that idea. 
“Are you seriously disappointed that I’m not throwing random magic at you?” I ask, mostly because I want to be sure that’s what he’s actually offended by. He shrugs. 
“Sure, I like to feel special.” He bats his eyelashes at me dramatically. I work to keep a straight face. I pour him a gin and tonic and place it in front of him. 
“Here you go, G and T with magic on the side.” I tell him pleasantly. Harry frowns. 
“I watched you make that, it’s just a normal drink. Where’s the magic?” He demands. 
“Here.” I say calmly as I reach behind the bar, grab some of the pink potion in my bare hands and fling it right at his face, essentially glitter bombing him. He sputters and coughs out at cloud of glitter. I expect him to be annoyed or complain but instead he just bursts out laughing. 
“You would be terrifying in a game of paintball. I’m imagining magically infused projectiles and drunk players.” He waves a hand in the air to emphasise his point. I join in with his 
1/4 
Cam 23- Costs and concerns 
laughter, particularly when he blows a kiss through the pink cloud surrounding him which just causes him to sneeze. 
I’m struggling to breathe from laughing when an obnoxious female voice interrupts. 
“Uh, excuse me!” Harry and I both turn to see a pair of unhappy looking women staring at us. One of them has her arms crossed over her chest and the other has her hands on her hips. Shoot, have they been waiting for drinks? I’m going to have to stop letting Harry distract me like this during work hours. 
“Hey, sorry. Can I get you ladies a drink?” I ask in my best customer service voice. The one with her hands on her hips lets out a scoff and the 
other one rolls her eyes at me. 
“What coven are you from?” She demands. Huh? I examine them closer and realise they have matching marks on their arms that are identical to mine. A half moon with swirling designs. inside in a very Celtic looking pattern. Completely black of course. Okay, so they’re Witches like me. That doesn’t explain why they’re so pissed off. 
“I left my coven. I don’t have one right now.” I answer calmly. 
“And yours?” I follow up. Hands on hip woman scoffs again. 
“We are from the Maura coven. I’m assuming YOUR coven kicked you out based on your behaviour.” She sounds absolutely disgusted. Seriously? What did I do to her? 
“Excuse me?” I ask, baffled. 
“Throwing magic around like it’s a toy. We came here because we heard that there was a Witch giving away magic for FREE. Obviously that’s insane but we thought that it would be irresponsible of us to not at least check it out and the first thing we find is some loner Witch literally THROWING magic around.” She says it like I was drowning puppies or stealing from orphans. 
“So? It wasn’t anything dangerous.” I respond stubbornly. 
“What’s dangerous is that you’re just giving it away. What if someone steals your spell and uses it on someone else? It’s irresponsible and reckless.” The arms crossed woman insists. I 
2/4 
Cam 23- Costs and concerns 
roll my eyes. 
“You’re just pissed off that I have magic to spare. It’s no good to anyone locked up and gathering dust while I wait to dole it out in tiny doses to the highest bidder. Are you worried people will come to me rather than buying from you? Because I don’t take orders.” The woman gasps in faked offence and I know I’ve nailed it. Sure, I might not take orders, but thrill seekers or curious people who just want to see magic in action or brag that they tried a potion are far more likely to come to my bar than they are to go to a coven and buy an expensive potion. I’m probably damaging their sales. Not that they wouldn’t still be making plenty of money. Harry’s idea to make magic more common in my bar is sounding better and better. Sure, it’ll turn all the Witches in the city against me, but none of them want anything to do with me anyway, and if it stops people from throwing away thousands of dollars when all they want is a bit of entertainment then even better. I’m not saying that covens SHOULDN’T sell magic. It only makes sense for them to sell a commodity that they have complete control over. But their prices are outrageous and frankly unfair. 
“Look, this is my bar and I’m not doing anything illegal. You can stay, order a drink and relax, or you can leave. I’m not going to sit here and let you harass me.” I tell them sternly. Hands on hips takes a step towards me and raises her hands aggressively, I’m not sure what she’s considering doing exactly but I doubt it’s good. Shit. I am not prepared to get into a fight, particularly not a magical one. 
I’m just trying to work out if throwing my glittery distraction potion will help or hinder me in this situation when Harry steps in. I expect him to argue, to defend me or at very least to tell the women to calm down. But that’s not what he does. Instead he… flirts? 
“Hello there, beautiful. You know, I kind of have a thing for Witches.” I’m about to tell him to shut up, that now is NOT the time for him to be hitting on me. Except he isn’t talking to me. He’s talking to miss hands on hips. His voice is low and seductive and she flushes red. Even her friend looks a little flustered. I don’t know what he’s doing but there has got to be some Incubus magic involved. Before I can figure out exactly what’s happening. He leads both women away, one of them hanging off his arm, his hand gently on the other’s lower back as he directs her. What the hell? I turn my back on them and go back to serving drinks. I can’t help but watch him out of the corner of my eye and I must not be as subtle as I think because Cora has just arrived to help with the evening rush and the first thing she does is follow my gaze and frown. 
“That’s weird. I thought the Incubus only had eyes for you.” She seems to realise that she’s 
3/4 
Cam 23- Costs and concerns 
treading on thin ice because she quickly hurries away and busies herself with customers. Finally, FINALLY the Witches leave and Harry returns to the bar with a cheerful looking 
smile. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 267
Cam 24- Pride and permits. 
“Problem solved.” He tells me with a proud grin. I have to fight not to roll my eyes at him. 
“It sure is.” I answer without looking up from the drink I’m making. 
“It’s a good thing they were women, I’m not nearly so good at deescalating arguments between men. They tend to just get pissed off when I intervene. Actually men just seem to be pissed off at me all the time.” Harry sighs, but he doesn’t really sound bothered, it seems more put on than anything else. 
“I can’t imagine how that would feel.” I say sarcastically. 
“I know, it’s so unfair that they hate me, I haven’t done anything to them. At least not usually.” Harry complains. 
“I was talking about the feeling of being pissed off with you all the time, but sure whatever.” 1 walk to the other side of the bar and collect a couple of empty glasses. I clean them and put them away slowly. I drag my feet as I return to where Harry is waiting. He smiles at me. 
“What, no thank you?” He prompts. I shrug. 
“Sure, thank you.” I tell him flatly. His eyes narrow suspiciously. 
“Why didn’t it sound like you meant that? Actually why are you avoiding my eyes…” He trails. 
off as he studies me. 
“Are you… angry with me?” He asks, a little surprised. 
“No.” I instantly deny it. I’m not mad at him. He can flirt with whoever he wants. Actually, yes I am angry. This was my fight, he didn’t need to step in, although it was helpful 1 suppose. But does he not care how it makes him look? He goes on and on about how dedicated he is to me, then makes a fool of himself in my bar, He hasn’t made a fool of me because I’m not with him. But does he not realise that it makes him look like a flighty, womanising liar? Still, I’m not going to tell him that. 
1/5 
Cam 24- Pride and permits 
“You definitely are angry with me.” He announces confidently. 
“But why… I mean, all I did was talk with the women.” He wonders aloud. I roll my eyes. 
“You mean flirt.” I correct him then immediately regret my words, Harry’s eyes light up. 
“You’re jealous! You’re upset that I called them beautiful and gave one of them my phone number. He observes, practically glowing with glee. 
“You gave them your number? Why? You can’t actually want to spend time with those stuck up hags, can you?” I ask, incredulously. Harry laughs. 
“Of course I don’t. I’ve told you dozens of times, I only want you. But I didn’t want them harassing you so I distracted them the best way I know how, besides, I gave them a fake number anyway.” He assures me. I sigh, hating how that actually does make me feel a little 
bit better. 
“Don’t you feel any shame? Acting that way? Lying to them? It makes you look like the player that everyone assumes you are.” I point out. Harry frownIS. 
“I know that, but it doesn’t matter. I wanted you to be safe and I made it happen the best 
way I know how. That’s far more important to me than how everyone else looks at me. The only opinions I care about are yours and my own.” I states firmly. Cora has apparently been eavesdropping because she steps in close and elbows me. 
“Where can I get myself a guy like that?” He jokes and Harry winks at her. 
“A flirt?” I tell her flatly. She rolls her eyes at me. 
“No, a guy who cares more about me than he does his pride.” She smiles approvingly at Harry before rushing off to get to back to work before I can ask any more questions. Is she seriously trying to tell me that she APPROVES of Harry flirting with other people in my defence? I give 
up. 
“I’m not angry.” I promise Harry. 
“And I’m not jealous.” 
2/5 
Cam 24- Pride and permits. 
Walking home that night, Harry is in a great mood and I’m grumpy as hell. He practically skips along next to me. 
“Oh come on now Cam, are you still mad at me? Would it help if I apologised?” Harry asks. It’s almost offensive that he’s so cheerful when I’m annoyed with him. It’s like he is totally unbothered by everything. 
“Do you think you have something to apologise for?” I answer carefully. Harry thinks for at 
moment. 
“Maybe? I don’t regret what I did, but I do acknowledge that it might come across as disloyal and I’m anything but that. So I guess I think I need to apologise if my actions came across as disrespectful to you. I’ll try to find other methods of resolving conflict in the future.” He promises. I shrug and keep walking. 
“Please stop sulking Cam, I like it better when you fight with me. Do you want to talk about plans for creating magical decorations for your bar? I bet it would piss off those Witches even more. Is that going to be a problem?” Harry asks. I know he’s just goading me into it, but honestly I’m grateful for the excuse to change the topic. 
“Oh they are definitely going to cause problems. But what I want to do isn’t illegal or unethical so there is really nothing they can do to stop it short of committing a crime themselves. Magical crimes are dealt with harshly since they are very likely to cause problems. I will check with the MRO to confirm I don’t need any licences or permits for displaying magic, but I shouldn’t because the bar isn’t public, it’s technically private property so the rules applying to Witches using magic in their own homes should apply. Technically the customers are guests and as long as they’re not paying for the magic it should be legal. So I won’t be able to charge an entry fee, but it’s a bar, not a club so I don’t see a problem with that. I’ve never charged one in the past. If I am doing magic more obviously though I will probably have to be a little more careful with giving out spelled drinks. Since I can’t sell them.” I contemplate. 
“Can’t 
You got 
a permit to sell them? You’re a perfectly competent Witch. I don’t see why your wouldn’t be allowed to.” He suggests. I sigh. 
“No, only covens can get permits to sell magic. Something about making sure there are people available to check the quality of the work and such. I don’t have a coven anymore. I 
3/5 
Cam 24- Pride and permits 
would need at least three magical members including myself to get a permit.” I explain. 
“Oh, I didn’t know there were so many rules. Does that mean your mother and grandmother can’t sell potions anymore? Since you left their coven?” He asks curiously. I shake my head. 
“Nah, I have a few aunts and cousins who are Witches and are part of the coven. Plus there are a few Warlocks who joined up or married into the family. Technically their magic is. different to ours but it works well enough. Simon is a Warlock.” I sigh. Harry nods his understanding. 
“Ah, I thought only Witches could be a part of a coven.” 
“Technically only a Witch can manage a coven, but they adapted the rules a while back to allow Warlocks to be members. That way smaller family groups could still get their permits. But either way you have to basically be willing to sell yourself off for a political marriage to end up with your own coven. Something that I am not willing to do. So I’m stuck as a loner for the foreseeable future.” I explain. 
“Hmm… That seems like a dumb system.” Harry complains and I shrug. 
“It is what it is.” We reach my place and I turn to Harry, waiting. 
“Well? Do you have another question for me tonight? I’m still not inviting you in.” I warn him. Harry laughs. 
“I know that, and I don’t think you’ll accept. But there’s no harm in trying. Cam, would you go on a date with me?” He asks with a charming smile. I shake my head, still picturing him walking 
away with the two Witches hanging off of him. 
“Nope. Thanks for walking me home. Good night Harry.” 
###Chapter 268
Cam 25- Contacts and considerations 
I have my usual late night dinner. A tradition I started a few months ago because I don’t like eating in the middle of my shift. I take the chance to check my phone. I hate having a million unanswered notifications so I need to at least open the messages to get rid of them. I have a dozen more missed calls from the unknown number I know is Simon and several text 
messages. 
Unknown- I’ve thought about it and I have decided to give you another chance. Ditch the boy toy Incubus and I’ll forgive you for basically cheating on me. He probably manipulated you with magic anyway. You should really work on your defensive spells. 
Unknown- I’ll give you the rest of tonight to send the Incubus away, You’re a smart girl. I know you’ll ma 
the right choice. I’ll even pretend this never happened because I’m so forgiving. I’m sure you’ll show me how grateful you are later ;) 
Unknown- Why the hell are you taking him home with you? Did I not make myself clear? Are 
you an idiot? You are never to see that Incubus again. I will not have my future wife sleeping around with some magically hyped up bag of STDs. 
Unknown- Meet me for breakfast in the morning and we can talk this out. You obviously. haven’t thought this through properly. I can explain to you what a mistake you’re making. 
I have no words. Is he insane? Does he not understand that I rejected him? Apparently he is watching me at work, he could be using a spell to spy on me or just some good old fashioned stalking. I’m suddenly glad that Harry has been walking me home because I feel significantly less safe than I did five minutes ago. I jump up and check that I locked my front door. I did. I always do, but after reading the messages from Simon I just have the nagging feeling that my home isn’t as secure as it should be. This is ridiculous. I refuse to feel unsafe in my own home. What am I going to do about him? Well for starters I refuse to hide away or let him intimidate me. In a moment of defiance I add his number to my contacts under ‘Dingbat.‘ I’d rather not save his number at all, but at least this way I’ll know who is calling. The act of labelling him something so stupid gives me the confidence boost that I needed. 
Cam–You are delusional if you think I am ever going to sit down to a meal with you. I am not 
interested in you. I rejected you and I will continue to reject you. There is literally nothing you can say that will convince me to change my mind. Harry and I are perfectly happy 
1/4 
Cam 25- Contacts and considerations 
together and you need to back the hell off and LEAVE. ME. ALONE. 
I consider blocking his number, but I suspect he would just get a new one and continue annoy me. Men like Simon can’t stand to be ignored, it would only make him fight harder. I need him to decide I’m not worth the fight. What he wants is some docile, cooperative wife. Maybe if I insult him enough he will figure out that I will never be that wife and he should go find some other poor woman to harass. Or go get therapy. Preferably the second option. 
Dingbat- Meet me for breakfast tomorrow morning or there will be consequences. 8am the diner on the corner of the street near your bar. Don’t be late. 
Aaaand now he’s threatening me. Asshole. Well, whatever. It’s not like there’s much he can. do. What IS he going to do, tell my mother on me? Complain to my grandmother. Jokes on him, they already think I’m a mess. It’s not like they could have a worse opinion of me. I’ll keep these texts though. If he doesn’t cut it out 
With the stalking I’ll have to report him to the police and I’ll need evidence that he’s following me around and that he’s a danger to me. These texts are definitely a good start. I continue to scroll through my missed calls until I reach the call from Harry earlier. I add the number to my phone and save his contact under the name “Test Subject 01. Actually, I’m surprised he hasn’t tried to message me at all yet. I thought he would abuse the privilege of having my number but apparently not. Although I suppose he spent the whole day with me, he had no reason to text or call because he was able to sit and pester me in person. I’m almost disappointed. I could have used the distraction. As if summoned by my thoughts, my phone chimes with a message from Harry. 
Test Subject 01- So I’ve been thinking. 
Cam- Well that doesn’t sound good. Should I be worried? 
Test Subject 01- Haha, very funny. No, I was thinking you should have an event, like a big party or something on the first night you do magical decor. Spread the word around a little 
bit. 
Cam- Who would I even invite? I’m not exactly a socialite. 
Test Subject 01- Well me for starters. If you pick a date you could start handing out invites to your regulars. I could design some for you.  Then there’s Ryann and Bellamy. And where they go all the other Shifters will foll 
2/4 
Cam 25- Contacts and considerations 
Cam–But we don’t even know if anyone will even LIKE the idea of a bar where magic is displayed openly. What if it freaks people out or scares them off? There are plenty of humans who hate Magics. Not to mention Witches aren’t the most popular people. 
Test Subject 01- Humans only hate magic because they can’t have it. I bet if you give them a taste they’ll be back for more. And you’re not like most Witches. Anyone with half a brain can see that. I’m sure you’ll do just fine. 
Cam- Alright, I’ll think about it. Give me a few weeks to look into what permits I might need and to touch base with my co–owner, assuming I can get ahold of him. I’ll send him an email, although I don’t hold out much hope that he will answer it. Plus, we still have to figure out the design and budget and stuff too. Damn, we haven’t even started and I’m already 
exhausted. 
Test Subject 01- Aww, you get some beauty sleep, not that you need it.  You’re tomorrow, are you? 
ot working 
Cam–Nah, it’s my day off. I’ll only go in if there’s a problem. I’ll probably stay home and take 
s my day 
care of my housework, maybe start planning some potential decor and send off that email I 
mentioned. 
Test Subject 01- Don’t work too hard. If you need a break, someone to sound off ideas at or even just some company then feel free to call me. I’ll keep my phone handy. 
Test Subject 01–And by that I mean I really hope you call me and I miss you already <3 
Cam–Drama queen. Good night Harry. 
Test Subject 01- Good night! xoxo 
I roll my eyes at his closing message. He really doesn’t have any sense of shame or embarrassment, does he? Still, his message was well timed and I do feel better. When I go to 
bed, instead of thinking about asshole men who can’t take no for an answer, or worrying about how secure my windows are, I contemplate different spells I can use to make my bar look magical while keeping it classy and most importantly, safe. I consider the costs and maintenance of the different spells and conclude that if the whole decor idea takes off, I might need to hire an extra bartender so that I can spend a little extra time on the spells. But 
3/4 
Cam 25- Contacts and considerations 
I wouldn’t mind it. I’ve been wanting to increase business anyway. Our little kitchen does well enough with its simple but comforting meals and we make a decent profit, but I’m sure we can do better. The kitchen is the one area I have very little control over. I’m no chef. So the first thing I did was hire a competent chef who can work well independently and manage the kitchen. He sends me budget requests which I basically always approve. Alfred, who goes by Al, is one of the best decisions I’ve made for this place. He works hard and rarely takes the time to socialise. He’s very work focussed. He also has a key to the bar so that he can come in and do prep in the kitchen when needed. I suppose I should also let him know about my new plan for the bar. He might have an opinion on it and I can’t afford to piss him off. I add talking to him to my ever expanding to do list and I just hope I haven’t taken on more than I 
can chew. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 269
Cam 26- Mess and miss 
I wake up late, probably around ten am and check my phone. Thank goodness I left it on silent because I have five missed calls from ‘Dingbat‘. I can only imagine how pissed off I would have been if he woke me with his pestering. I doubt there is any way I would have been able to resist answering that call and tearing into him. Which would probably be satisfying, but I doubt that it would be productive. As it is, I did put my phone on silent, I did get to sleep in and as a result I am actually in a pretty damn good mood. I take my time showering, doing every pointless beauty ritual I can think of and when I get out I dress in my daggiest clothes. A pair of small, but super unflattering shorts which somehow hang baggy over my ass while barely having enough fabric to be considered an actual piece of clothing, and a worn out, oversized green t–shirt with cartoon characters andJapanese writing on it. I have no clue what the writing says to be honest but it’s 
Super comfortable so I just don’t care. I order food to be delivered from a local bakery for breakfast and I make myself a coffee with unnecessary chocolate flakes on top using my very overpriced but completely necessary coffee machine. Once I’ve had carbs and coffee I spend some time doing the housework that I’ve been procrastinating all week. Okay, so I actually spend a couple hours dancing around to music. while I move mess around. But I did wash the dishes and put on a load of laundry, so it wasn’t a total loss. Plus I danced around so much that I basically got a workout in too! So it 
was technically a fairly productive morning, right? 
Around lunch time I give up the pretence of cleaning and decide to get some fresh air. It’s nice outside and I need some groceries anyway. I slip on some shoes and head out as I am. It’s not like I’m planning to go anywhere important. What, is someone going to judge me for being comfortable while I pick up my fruit and veg for the week? I wander slowly towards the shops and enjoy the sunshine. My phone is vibrating again. A quick glance at the screen shows that it’s Simon again so I ignore it. A few text messages come through but I ignore them too. I’m not willing to let him ruin my good day. I do my shopping and end up with more than I thought I would buy. I contemplate calling a taxi just so that I don’t have to carry everything home but I decide against it. I can carry everything, just. No need to waste money on a ride. I’m just paying for everything when out of the corner of my eye I think I spot Simon out front. What the hell is he doing here?Maybe I’m mistaken and just imagining things. I hope that’s the case. I scramble to get my phone out. He was calling and texting carlier. Maybe something that he sent will give me clue on if it’s actually him out there or not. Either way, I’m staying in here where there are cameras and witnesses until I know for 
sure. 
1/4 
Cam 26- Mess and miss 
Dingbat- You’re late. I told you not to be late. 
Dingbat- Are you seriously not planning to turn up? I can’t imagine why you would do something so stupid.. 
Dingbat- Is it that you enjoy being chased? I’m not thrilled with the idea but I suppose I could put in a little effort. 
Dingbat- I’m outside your workplace. Are you here? 
Dingbat- I’ve texted your mother. She promised to send me your address so I can come pick you up. Will that make you happy? You’re very high maintenance you know. 
Dingbat- Did you go out? I think I see you. 
Well shit. He is following me. Although it doesn’t sound like he’s actually sure that I’m here. Maybe I can sneak out without him seeing me? No, that won’t work. There’s only one exit. 
Damn this is not good. I need… I don’t know what I need. Should I can the cops? But I doubt 
they would do anything since Simon hasn’t really DONE anything to me. 
“Miss? Are you okay?” The teenage girl working the checkout asks me awkwardly and I realise I’ve finished my transaction and I’m just standing here. 
“Oh, yeah. Sorry.” I grab my stuff and move away from the register towards an empty corner where I won’t be in anyone’s way. As an added bonus, it’s not visible from outside. I’ve just about decided that I have no choice but to make a run for it, abandoning my groceries if need. be, when my phone rings. I repress a groan, assuming it will be Simon again. I’m surprised and oddly relieved to see that it’s Harry calling. 
“Hey Harry.” I answer. 
“You answered fast.” He observes. 
“I guess?” I respond. I can hear the shrug in his voice. 
“I thought you might make me wait, Or that you wouldn’t answer at all.” He confesses. although he doesn’t actually sound all that offended by it. 
2/4 
Cam 26- Mess and miss 
“Oh… No. I wouldn’t do that without a good reason. I conclude. I’m a little distracted trying to look outside to find out if Simon is still hovering. 
“You alright? You sound… busy. I can call back.” Harry offers. I’m quick to decline. Something about having him on the line makes the thought of dealing with Simon a little less stressful. Maybe because it’s hard to take anything too seriously around Harry since he is so often. ridiculous. Although that might be a little unfair to Harry, I’ve seen his more serious side recently. 
“You don’t have to go, I’m fine. Did you have a reason for calling?” I wonder. 
“I wanted to find out if you miss me yet. I’m calling to see if you wanted to call me.” He explains in an amused voice. 
“Excuse me?” I ask, confused. 
“I thought that you might not call me, even if you wanted to because you might be embarrassed to call me first since you spend so much time pretending that you can’t stand me.” He explains his convoluted logic. 
“Right… Well… I’ve just been having a relaxing day and I’ve been enjoying the quiet. So I can’t say I really thought to call anyone.” I admit, hoping he isn’t offended by it. 
“I figured. But it was worth a shot. Imagine if you had said yes you did miss me.” He sounds dreamy, like he’s imagining some sweet, wonderful thing. I roll my eyes. 
“You’re weirdly honest sometimes. You know that?” I point out. 
“Yep. So, what are you up to?” He asks, changing the subject. 
“Oh, nothing much. I just did some grocery shopping. I was about to walk home.” I explain. Just as soon as I can figure out a way to get past Simon without drawing his attention. 
a 
“Woah, hold up!” Harry half yells. 
“What’s wrong?” I ask, concerned. 
3/4 
Cam 26- Mess and miss 
“You’re walking home? Walking you home is my job! We never specified it was just from 
work. Where are you?” He demands. 
“Uh, just the grocery shop a couple blocks from my house.” I tell him, a little confused. He isn’t seriously coming here is he? 
“The one across from the dog park with the weird looking playground that is most definitely 
not safe for children?” He confirms. 
“Uh, yeah, I guess?” 
“Great. Wait right where you are. I’ll be right there! You hear me? Don’t go running away!” He hangs up the phone with a click and leaves me standing there, not quite sure what the hell is going on. I could leave… but I don’t want to deal with Simon, so I guess I’m waiting for Harry to turn up. Hopefully he doesn’t take too long. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 270
Strings of Fate 
Cam 27- Clothes and convenience 
Twelve minutes and forty six seconds later, Harry bursts in through the automatic doors of the grocery shop, barely even waiting for them to open enough for him to get through. 
“Cam? Are you still here?” He yells, drawing the attention of literally everyone in the store. He is completely breathless. 
“Over here.” I call out with a half laugh. I don’t think he could have drawn more attention to himself if he tried. I guess Simon will definitely guess I’m here. But hopefully seeing Harry will scare him off. If nothing else, I’ll have backup if he approaches me and being seen outside of work with Harry will work to support our lie of being in a serious relationship. 
Harry’s face lights up when he sees me and he dashes to my side. 
“Cam! I missed you!” He tells me. Up close I can see that he’s not just breathless, but sweaty too. He clearly ran here. He’s dressed differently to usual too. In comfortable looking grey track pants and a black t–shirt. It sort of pisses me off that he looks really good in his comfortable lounging clothes. I’m not the only one noticing based on the expression of the cashier who seems to think that Harry running to meet me is the cutest thing ever. She’s watching me with envy, which is completely different to the judgemental expression she’s been giving me for the last ten minutes or so while I’ve been sitting here awkwardly hovering waiting for him to turn up.The point is, Harry looks annoyingly hot. I try not to think how 
much of a mess I am. I don’t need him to be attracted to me, so I shouldn’t care that I’m 
wearing such slouchy clothes and no makeup. 
Harry slings an arm over my shoulder and hugs me to his side. I immediately shrug him off. 
“Oh, sorry. I’m probably all sweaty and gross. My bad.” He apologises but he doesn’t actually sound remotely sorry. In fact he’s super cheerful. 
“You’re fine. Just keep your hands to yourself. It’s weird seeing you in casual clothes.” I observe. Harry grins at me.. 
“Back atcha. You look so adorable in your giant t–shirt. It’s almost like a dress on you. I can imagine you curled up on your couch watching a movie like that. Or curled up my lap. preferably.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes. 
on 
1/5 
Cam 27- Clothes and convenience 
“In your dreams.” I sass back. 
“Every night darling.” He immediately answers. I sigh. He holds out a hand and I stare dumbly for a second until he reaches down and takes my shopping bags from me. 
“Oh, thanks.” I answer absently. 
“Ready to go?” He prompts me. 
“You don’t need to get anything?” I ask. 
“Nope. I just came here to see you.” He smiles happily and I feel a rush of his magic which. sends shivers down my spine which I do my best to ignore. 
“I can’t believe you actually ran here.” I comment. Harry stares at me incredulously. 
“Of course I did! It was an excuse to come and see you. I didn’t think that you would actually wait for me!” 
“If you didn’t think I would still be here, why did you run all this way?” I demand. Harry shrugs. 
“Just in case you did wait. Plus I thought maybe I could get here before you finished. shopping. Or maybe I could catch you on the way home. But you did wait!” He answers gleefully. I try not to blush. He doesn’t need to know why I waited. 
“I didn’t want to carry everything home. It seemed worth the delay.” I lie. Harry laughs. 
“I will carry your bags for you whenever you want.” He promises. 
We head out and I do my best not to look awkward or nervous. I can’t see Simon anywhere and when he doesn’t appear after a minute of walking I start to relax. Seems like Harry really did have good timing deciding to turn up here. Still, I can’t resist the desire to tease him a 
little. 
“You are really milking this ‘walking me home‘ thing. I’m fairly sure it was only meant to mean walking me home from work.” I point out. Harry shakes his head. 
2/5 
Cam 27–Clothes and convenience 
“Nope, that’s not what we agreed. You said I could walk you home, you never said where from.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes. 
“You’re ridiculous, but since it’s convenient to me right now and you’re carrying all my stuff, I won’t complain.” I tell him with a smirk. 
“Very gracious of you.” He nods and I can’t help but giggle. 
The walk home somehow feels a lot faster than the walk to the shops did. Although I become increasingly grateful for Harry’s presence as I watch him lug around my heavy shopping bags. He chatters away about his most recent project for work and I’m surprised to find that I am genuinely interested although I refrain from asking too many questions. I’m sure he would interpret any sign of interest from me as a sign of interest in something else and I don’t want to lead him on. It’s not like I’m actually going to go out with him. He might be good at keeping me distracted, and he might be okay as a friend, he might even be pretty good at coming up with business ideas. But he’s an Incubus. There’s no way he could actually be a decent boyfriend. Right? We arrive at my front door and I go to take my bags from Harry but he pulls them away from me. 
“Cam, don’t take this as me trying something. But would you please just let me carry your bags inside for you? I promise to behave myself.” He tells me seriously, then ruins the atmosphere by winking at me. I narrow my eyes at him and Harry straightens up. 
“I mean it. I’d give you a scouts salute but my hands are full. plus I was never a scout.” He concludes. 
“That’s hardly reassuring.” I respond and he just stares at me with the most pathetic puppy dog expression. I sigh. 
“Oh fine. But if you misbehave I will seriously never talk to you ever again. And I’ll tell Ryann on you.” I warn. Harry beams a huge smile at me and nods eagerly. 
“I’d expect nothing less. You gonna unlock the door?” He prompts and I roll my eyes. 
“Yeah, yeah. I’m on it.” 
When we get inside, Harry takes my bags through to the kitchen and starts unpacking my 
315 
Cam 27–Clothes and convenience 
groceries and putting them away. 
“You don’t have to do that.” I half heartedly. To be honest, I hate putting groce away and if he wants to do it for me I’m not sure I can be bothered arguing 
“I don’t mind. Besides, it’s a great excuse to go through your stuff. He jokes and I cross my arms over my cifest. 
“Excuse me?” I demand. Harry shrugs. 
“You heard me.” He responds unapologetically. 
“This is your version of behavingTM” I ask. 
“Sure. I’m only looking through your kitchen, it’s not like I’m rifing through your underwear drawer, although if you want help putting away that pile of laundry I would be more them 
happy to assist.” he smirks and I buff at him. Okay, so I dumped my restity cleaned laundry onto a pile on my couch earlier when I lost ocovacion to dean. What can I say, folding and putting away laundry is the worst. With a silent place. I grab the amul of landry, CESTY into my room, throw it onto my bed and return to the itchen, closing my bedroom door 
behind me. 
“Oh look, no more laundry. I comment 
“You’re so organised at work. It’s kind of nice to see yox me mot so perfect all the time. 
observes. 
“Thanks?” I say doubtfully 
“You’re welcome. So, what do you want for dinner?” Barry 2933 cheerful Bub 
###Chapter 271
Strings of Fate 
Cam 28- Cooking and cuddling 
I’m not sure how things turned out this way but I’m standing in my kitchen watching as Harry cooks me dinner. He is also messing with my coffee machine which has me very concerned. 
“Careful, that machine is expensive and if you break it I can’t afford to-” 
“I know, I know. I have the same one at home. Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing.” Harry answers easily. He has the same coffee machine as me? Why? Like seriously, I know how much that machine costs. It is far too expensive for one person living alone. Either he likes coffee as much as I do or he’s worse with money than I thought. He turns back to cooking which has me just as anxious. 
“Do you even know how to cook? I could-” Harry cuts me off by pushing a fresh cup of coffee (made exactly the way I like) into my hands. I don’t know how he remembers the way I like it, I think I might have mentioned it once while he was asking his neverending streams of questions. 
“Stop fretting, sit down and relax. I’ve got this covered. You’re always serving me at your bar, let me take care of you for once.” He insists. I want to argue, he was just meant to be bringing in the groceries. But somehow I find myself sitting on the couch, sipping my coffee and watching him work. 
“I can’t believe you know how to cook.” I comment. Harry shrugs. 
“Who else is going to cook for me? I’ve lived alone since I turned eighteen. I can’t make anything too complicated but I have the basics down.” He explains. I can’t imagine living alone at eighteen. I only left my parents house when they tried to marry me off and before that I would have been totally happy living there indefinitely. Most Witches tend to stay living in large family groups. I never really expected to be living on my own and I was definitely unprepared for it. The first few weeks I had so many issues as I had to figure out basic life skills like paying bills, making dinner, doing laundry that I had just never needed to do myself. I was a Witch in a Witch family. I contributed to the household with spells and magic. Chores and other household duties went to those who couldn’t contribute magically, like my father, or we would just hire someone else to take care of it for us. Even now, I feel like I’m constantly struggling to keep on top of the housework. I’m only one person, how can 
1/4 
Cam 28- Cooking and cuddling 
there be so much to do? Maybe it would be easier if I took more than one day a week off of work, but I like being busy and there is always more I can do at work, even if it’s just making or experimenting with my potions. I think I also just like being there because it’s so quiet at home by myself, which is alright sometimes. But I’m used to a busy household full of negging relatives. Too much silence gives me anxiety and makes me feel very aware of just how lonely 
I am. 
It’s not long at all before Harry is dropping himself down on the couch beside me, taking my empty coffee cup and replacing it with a plate with a pretty decent looking omelette on it. He has one for himself too. I didn’t exactly invite him for dinner, but I don’t think I can realistically complain since I did sit here quietly and let him cook for me. I guess the least I can do is let him join me for dinner. Quite literally the least I can do. Kicking him out at this point would probably be more work than just letting him eat, and it’s been a while since I had company for a meal. I don’t think I’ve had proper company for dinner since the dinner party at the Alpha’s place and that was weeks ago now. I’m so caught up in eating and trying to figure out if I’m okay with Harry being here on my couch that I don’t even notice Harry picking up the remote or turning on my TV. I tune in when I realise he’s scrolling through my streaming services trying to pick a movie. 
“Woah, wait a second. What are you doing now?” I demand. Harry looks at me, one eyebrow raised. His expression saying without words are you stupid?” 
“I’m finding us something to watch, obviously, Why? Did you want to talk while we’re eating?” He asks. I shake my head. 
“No, I just…” I trail off. I think I lost this argument before it even started. Harry is already here, already on my couch and eating my food. What’s the harm in letting him put a movie on? I know that if I really decide to kick up a fuss he will leave. Although I have to admit that the feeling of his magic has me a little on edge. But that could just be the fact that a stupidly attractive guy just made me coffee, cooked me dinner and is currently sitting so close to me that I can feel the warmth of him beside me. Blaming his magic is easier though. How the hell does Ryann stand it? Has she learned a way to avoid his magic? Or maybe she just directs her lust elsewhere and her partner reaps the benefits? Because I can’t see how she can be friends with an Incubus and actually maintain functioning brain cells. I can’t imagine how bad it would be if I actually slept with him. I’ve already found myself daydreaming on more. than one occasion about how it felt to kiss him, and that was just a fake kiss to put on a show 
for Simon! 
2/4 
Cam 28- Cooking and cuddling 
Harry selects a slapstick style comedy about a baby travelling around the city and causing chaos for three grown men who apparently don’t know the first thing about babies. We finish cating and Harry takes my plate from me, stacks it on his own and places it on my coffee 
table. 
“So, why are we watching a movie?” I ask again. Harry shrugs. 
“We’re both dressed for it. Again, I’ll 
available and more than willing.” Hat out that if you need someone to snuggle with I am 
grins and I roll my eyes. 
“Watch the movie. Another word from you and I’m kicking you off my couch.” I warn, but we both know that I don’t mean it. I start off sitting next to Harry stiffly, but at some point. during the movie I start to relax. Then he ends up doing the oh so cliche stretch and placing arm over the back of the couch thing and again I eventually relax into it so that I’m not quite in his arms, but pretty damn close. He keeps his promise to keep his hands to himself by keeping his arm on the couch, but the invitatio 
is clear. All I would need to do is lean into him a little, to give into the mounting desire I have to just curl up in his lap. But I stay strong and when the movie ends I bounce up off the couch and shoo Harry towards the door. Having here is making me uncomfortable, mostly because it feels so comfortable and it shouldn’t. 
“It’s getting late and it is time for you to go.” I insist.. 
“But the dishes…” Harry half–heartedly s. I wave him off. 
“I can wash the dishes. You go home.” I open the door and walk him out. He pauses on my doorstep. 
“I’m going, I’m going. But before I do, one last thing. Cam, will you go out with me?” I automatically go to refuse, but the words stick on my tongue and I hesitate. 
O 
###Chapter 272
Cam 29- Dating and doubting 
Harry has already started walking away when he realises that I haven’t given my usual immediate refusal. I’m just stuck. Would it be so bad if I said yes? I’m sure going out with him would be fun if today was anything to go by. Simon already thinks Harry and I are dating and being seen with him might encourage him to stay away from me. He certainly backed off when Harry turned up today. He didn’t even send any more texts. I doubt it will be long before Simon is harassing me again, but maybe if I went out with Harry publically he would back off? Or at very least my mother and grandmother might take a hint. It’s not really like it would be using Harry or leading him on right? He’s the one who keeps acting like we’re already together, and he was the first one to start this whole couple act. I’m sure he would agree if he knew anyway. It’s not leading him on if I do actually plan to go out with him, which I will. I can’t imagine that this relationship will last or really go anywhere, but I could give it a chance. It should last as long as I hold out and don’t sleep with him I bet. All I have to do is stay out of his bed and keep him out of mine. I mentally ignore the part of me making jokes about how there are options other than beds. I have clearly been spending too much time around Harry and his innuendos. Yet here I am, contemplating the idea of spending even MORE time with him. Ugh, I suspect Harry’s smug gloating is going to be unbearable though. With my decision made, I just need to tell him. But a nagging feeling of guilt somehow keeps me from speaking. Harry slows, dragging his feet and taking his time in walking away. He clears his throat. 
“Did you not hear my question? I asked if you would go out with me. You can go ahead and reject me now. It feels wrong leaving before you’ve had the chance to properly turn me down. I need my daily dose of rejection.” He jokes, clearly feeling awkward as I sit and stare at him. I guess he’s the type who tries to fill awkward silences. Actually, usually I do that too. I’m a bartender, I’m usually good at talking to people. But usually it’s drunk strangers who don’t know me or really want anything more from me than a drink and a smile. They might flirt or even ask me out but they’re not actually offended by it when I turn them down because t 
they don’t actually expect me to say yes. Actually, I don’t think I’ve ever really said yes when someone has asked me out before. I was homeschooled and didn’t spend much time with anyone other than my family until recently. All my social skills have been developed behind the bar, meaning they are basically super shallow and are limited to small talk and drunk talk. 
“Cam?” Harry takes a step back towards me. 
“Are you alright? Is something wrong?” He asks cautiously. 
1/4 
Cam 29–Dating and doubting 
“Yes. No. I mean No. I mean yes. Ugh.” I run a hand through my hair and yank it through the tangled waves. Harry just looks confused. 
“Come again?” He tilts his head. Yeah I can’t blame him. My answer was as clear as mud. 
“I mean. Yes I’m alright, no nothing is wrong. Also no I didn’t- not hear your question and yes I will 
go out with you sometime.” I rush the last few words before I can chicken out. Why is this so hard? How does Harry do it? Asking me out all the time and getting rejected must suck! I’m nervous about being rejected and Harry has made it pretty clear that he’s interested. Although I suppose I’m more concerned about long term rejection than being immediately turned down. Except… Now that I’m thinking about it, what if he DOES turn me down. Maybe he’s been messing with me, maybe it’s all a joke. Maybe he has only been asking BECAUSE he knew that I would say no and there was no chance of him actually having to follow through with it? 
I wait anxiously for Harry’s reaction. Is he going to laugh? Or act incredibly smug? Maybe he will actually just be excited. I think the only reaction I wasn’t prepared for was for him to stay completely calm. He gives me a controlled smile and a tight nod. 
“Great. I’ll call you then. Goodnight.” He turns to leave. What the hell? Did he not want me to 
say yes? I have never seen him react to anything with less enthusiasm, ever. He was more 
excited sitting and doing his work quietly in the corner of my work room. He was more enthusiastic when he thought I was rejecting him. Is this a joke? 
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.” I blurt out to his back. Harry whirls around to face me, eyebrows up in his hairline. 
“What? No! Why wouldn’t I want to? Are you trying to take it back?” He demands, his mask of calm finally breaking. 
“Uh… maybe? I thought you wanted me to…” I trail off. Totally confused. He’s usually so obvious, why did he have to pick NOW to act strange? 
“Why in the world would you think that? I think I’ve made it fairly clear what it is that I want. Haven’t I been up front since the beginning?” Harry demands. I shrug. 
“I guess, you just didn’t seem… Happy… I thought you would react differently.” I admit. In a 
2/4 
Cam 29- Dating and doubting 
single smooth movement Harry is suddenly in front of me. He wraps a hand around my back and pulls me close, threading his other hand into my hair and hugging me tightly. 
“Harry?” I ask nervously. Trying to ignore my racing heart and suddenly weak knees. 
“Sorry.” He mutters into my hair. He holds me a second longer before letting go and stepping 
back. 
“I’m thrilled you said yes, seriously. I just didn’t want you to change your mind so I was trying to be chill and leave before I do something stupid and scare you off. But I guess you already know that I’m not exactly a calm person. I should have realised you would think something was off. That’s the last time I try to fake anything around you. Apparently I’m too good at acting. There’s no point playing it cool if it just makes you insecure.” He smirks at 
me. 
“So, what changed your mind anyway? Ooh it was dinner, wasn’t it. Women love a man who can cook.” I open my mouth, not quite sure what answer is going to come out but Harry just 
holds up a hand to stop me. 
“You know what, never mind. It doesn’t matter why. Just as long as you said yes!” He rocks back on his heels, practically bouncing in place. I roll my eyes. This is more like what I expected from him. 
“Whatever. Just go home already. I assume I’ll see you tomorrow when you show up to bother me at work.” I guess it’s a little hard to pretend that I don’t like him being around when I willingly spent most of my afternoon and evening with him today, on my day off. Still, it’s what I would normally say and I don’t think either of us would know how to respond if I suddenly started acting all nice. Harry grins at me. 
“Of course, I would never miss a chance to harrass you. I’ll see you tomorrow.” The sneaky bastard actually blows me a kiss before he practically struts away. Why am I oddly looking 
forward to tomorrow? 
###Chapter 273
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 30- Phones and photos 
I wake up early and after a quick shower, try to decide what to wear to work today. I have my 
usual selection of work outfits. (Benefits of being the boss, no uniform!) but I sort of want to put in a little extra effort today. I get dressed in a cute pair of black jeans and a maroon top that is cut in a really flattering way. It’s not until I’m pulling a brush through my hair that I consider WHY I feel like dressing up today. It’s not… for Harry… is it? I frown and reassess my clothing selection. Does it matter if it is for him or not? If I turn up to work dressed up the day after I’ve agreed to go out with him he’s going to believe I did it for him, regardless of if it’s true or not. I’m not even sure if it IS true or not. Then again, if I’m trying to sell this couple thing to Simon and my family, shouldn’t it look like I’m making an effort? I smile to myself, satisfied with the argument. I’m not dressing for a guy, because I wouldn’t do something like that. I’m dressing for the sake of selling this story in order to regain my freedom from my overbearing family and stalkerish wannabe husband. With my mind made 
up, I take the time to carefully draw on some eyeliner and add mascara which makes my 
green eyes really stand out. I then add a dark red lipstick that very nearly matches the top I’m wearing. I stick to my most comfortable boots though. No heels while working the bar. It would just be asking for painful feet and accidents that would be perfectly avoidable if I wasn’t practically on stilts. Cora sometimes chooses to wear heels at work but that’s her prerogative. She insists her tips are better when she wears them. But she also chooses to wear them mostly on nights when we’re expecting big crowds, so it might be a case of correlation, not causation. Still, she is free to do as she likes as long as the shoes are closed toe (for safety 
reasons). 
occur to me 
I am more than halfway to work when it occurs to me to actually check the time. Oh…. I’ve 
left for work more than two hours earlier than I needed to. Why did it not 
actually see what time it was when I finished getting ready for my day? I sort of stop on the street and stand around awkwardly, contemplating if I should turn around and go home or just go to work and be super early. I could work on my potions or something. But I dressed NICELY today. What if I spill something or make a mess? That would be incredibly disappointing. I continue walking towards work but at a much slower pace. It’s not until I reach what I would consider to be a ‘shopping district‘ that I actually find something to do with my extra time. I know I’m not as wealthy as I used to be, I put all my savings into buying my half of The Witches Booze. But I can still afford to treat myself occasionally, right? I take my time, wandering between stores and looking at clothes and cute shoes. I’m not against impractical shoes in general. Just while I’m working, Eventually I settle on a cute, mint green sundress. It’s nothing extra special, but it’s on sale and in my size and I think the 
1/3 
Cam 30- Phones and photos 
colour will suit me. I don’t really feel like trying things on right now, mostly because I have a dark lipstick on which would totally stain anything I pulled over my head. Not worth the risk. I buy the dress then head into work, every bit as cheerful as I was when I left home. I’m still running early, but more like twenty minutes early which means I’ll have just enough time to make myself a coffee. We have a pretty decent coffee machine for a bar but you should never underestimate how useful it is to be able to give some drunk idiot a coffee to help them sober up. If I’m feeling really generous I might even mix in a sober up potion, but I save those for special occasions. Generally if someone is out drinking it’s because they don’t WANT to be sober and I’m not going to ruin it for them. I save it for the ones who have just taken it a little too far or who I don’t think will be safe getting home as they are. 
Al arrives to get ready for the evening shift. He usually comes by in the morning and does prep work then leaves and comes back. I pay him well for his weird split shifts but he insists he doesn’t really.mind because it gives him a bit of freedom with his day. He has to be here in the evenings to cook, but he can prep stuff whenever he wants. The kitchen closes at nine thirty and I run the bar til late, so I’m rarely around while he’s getting ready. I wave to him and hold up my empty coffee mug as an offering. He nods and I get to work making us both strong coffees to get us through the night. Cora is on tonight too. She works every weekend 
with me then she works a few weekdays when it’s quieter so that I can have time off, or at the 
very least to give me time to work on the books. I really do need to hire someone else, I’m 
lucky that Cora is eager to work a lot of hours right now because most people would 
complain. 
Harry unsurprisingly is the first person to arrive, walking in confidently less than a minute after the bar opens. 
“Hi Cam!” He greets me enthusiastically. 
“Hey.” I greet him awkwardly. I make him a drink, it tastes nasty but he seems more bothered when I give him something decent at this point, so terrible drinks it is. It’s mostly just a habit at this point. I guess it is fun making drinks I don’t get to make often, although why people created such vile drinks in the first place, I will never know. As I drop off his drink I notice my phone is vibrating in my pocket. I ignore it at first but it just keeps going on and on. A glance around tells me that Harry is the 
only customer here since it’s so early so I pull out my phone. Ah damn it, I have about five messages. Not wanting to deal with it, I just drop my phone on the bar, face down. I normally wouldn’t leave it unattended but Harry can watch it 
for me. He raises an eyebrow. 
2/3 
Cam 30- Phones and photos 
“You’re trusting me with your phone?” He asks, surprise in his tone. I shrug. 
“I don’t care anymore. I just don’t want to deal with it.” I drop my head to the bar and take a few deep breaths. 
“May I?” Harry asks; gesturing at the phone. I shrug. He picks it up and types in my passcode. I have no idea how he even knows it. When I stare at him he just keeps tapping at my phone. 
“I pay attention, to you at least.” Is all he answers. He frowns at my phone and I sigh. 
“What is it now?” I ask. This sucks, I was having a nice day and now it’s being ruined. 
“I like this picture of us, you look cute.” He remarks. Huh? I don’t HAVE any photos of us. This can’t be good… 
###Chapter 274
Cam 31- Stubborn and stunning 
I hold out my hand for my phone so I can see what the hell Harry is going on about, but he holds it out of my reach. 
“One sec. I’m trying to find my contact. Hah, I should have known I’d be down as number one.” He taps the phone again and a second later his own phone chimes. He glances at it with a satisfied smile then hands my phone back. My phone is open to the text conversation with him and he’s forwarded himself a photo from a different chat. I open the picture and find that 
it is indeed a picture of Harry and I. Clearly taken yesterday while we were walking back from the grocery store. He’s carrying my bags and looks ridiculously photogenic despite the fact that he’s laughing. I’m even half smiling although I can’t place exactly what we were saying. This had to be taken by Simon. Why would he text me stalkerish photos? Is he trying to give me evidence to get a restraining order? I flick back and I’m surprised to see the photo was 
sent by my mother. 
Mum- Cam I demand an explanation for this. 
Mum- Simon went to meet you for breakfast and instead of the positive update I expected he 
sent me a very disturbing photo. 
Mum- Img 01 
Mum- What are you doing out with that man? You were meant to be meeting Simon! 
Mum- That’s not the Incubus I heard about, is it? You know better than to associate with 
Incubi. 
Mum- Cam what are you thinking?!? 
Mum- Answer me. We need to sort this out before it gets out of hand. 
Mum- Or should I say MORE out of hand. 
Mum- Call me. 
1/4 
Cam 31–Stubborn and stunning 
Right so Simon sent my MOTHER stalkerish photos of Harry and I. How is this not a red flag 
for her? I can’t comprehend why she and my grandmother still think that he’s a ‘great guy‘. 
Like there is not a single great thing about him! Also the photo isn’t that great, I mean Harry looks alright but I don’t think it’s possible for an Incubus to look anything other than perfect. But I’m in my daggy clothes and I clearly need to run a brush through my hair. The only positive thing I can say is that my hair looks like a nice colour in the bright sunlight and at least I’m sort of smiling. Why would Harry send himself THIS photo. Surely we could just take a better one. Like where we’re actually put together and looking at the camera for example. Actually, no. that might go badly for me. If Harry puts in effort too I’m going to look dreadful in comparison. Ugh, I need to stop comparing myself to someone whose entire species revolves around being attractive. It’s seriously not good for my self esteem. 
“I see your mother is very supportive of our relationship.” Harry remarks dryly and I roll my 
eyes. 
“What was your first hint?” I sigh. 
“Don’t mind her. She’s just stubborn. Also I’m not sure I’d call this a relationship. More like… well… I don’t know. Something else.” I fail to find the words and Harry grins. 
“Your mother isn’t the only one who is stubborn, I see. But that’s alright, I’m kind of into it. It’s sort of fun having to work for it. At least I know that whenever you DO give in and admit to something, it wasn’t on a whim.” He winks at me and I scoff. I’m not that stubborn. At least, I don’t THINK I am. Harry carries on talking, perking up and leaning forward on the 
bar. 
“Speaking of admitting things, when can I take you out? That is, assuming you haven’t changed your mind?” He says it casually but there’s an edge of anxiety to his tone. He is genuinely concerned that I won’t want to go out with him. He’s an Incubus, where has all his confidence gone? It’s so strange to see him acting insecure. I try to ignore Cora’s eyes which I can feel boring into the back of my neck. I suppose I can’t blame her. If some guy was in here. hitting on her every night, I’d be pretty invested in the situation as well. It’s not like she has anywhere else to go to give us privacy. 
“I haven’t changed my mind.” I answer awkwardly and I hear Cora drop a glass, it doesn’t break thanks to that handy spell I put on all the good glassware to make it less breakable but it’s enough to make me jolt in place. Harry blesses me with a gorgeous grin. 
2/4 
Cam 31- Stubborn and stunning 
“Great. Are you free for lunch tomorrow?” He presses on. Why do I get the impression that he still isn’t actually convinced that I’ll go through with this? It feels like he’s hoping to make it happen as soon as possible, I suppose so I don’t have a chance to rethink my decision. I don’t mind. Going sooner rather than later will give me less time to overthink things and will help to encourage the charade for Simon. 
“Okay, tomorrow is fine. Although I’m working in the late afternoon and evening so I can’t. stay out for too long.” I warn him. It’s probably for the best. Needing to go get ready for work. will give me a good escape if I need one. Plus it will avoid the whole awkward walking to my door and hoping to be invited in issue from arising again too soon. No chance I’ll cave and just sleep with him when I’m coming back here anyway. I try to ignore the inappropriate little voice in my head which is pointing out that my work room is private and the door locks. I am not that kind of a person. I don’t think… but this damn Incubus could make anyone feel a little extra daring. 
“That 
won’t be a problem. I’ll come pick you up at twelve? I have everything all planned out. I just needed to be sure you were available.” I’m suddenly a little concerned. Planned out? What is he planning? Will he tell me if I ask? I’m not sure I like surprises all that much I like managing things, and I like to know exactly what’s going on. Letting him arrange things requires a sort of trust I’m not totally sure that I’m capable of. But I suppose I don’t really have a choice. If I bail now I will never hear the end of it from him. Besides, how bad can it be? His idea of a good time is hanging out here, going grocery shopping with me and building blanket forts while watching cartoons. Hardly anything to be afraid of. Except… If I don’t know what we’re doing I won’t know what to wear… 
“So… as much as it goes against everything in me to ask this, what should I wear?” Harry’s face lights up and I just know that I’ve made a mistake. 
“There are plenty of things I’d LOVE to see you in.” He winks at me and I cross my arms over my chest, trying to look grumpy, but his eyes just drop to the cleavage that this top shows off. I knew I shouldn’t have dressed up today! His eyes dart back up to my face. 
“BUT I know better than to make requests like that. At least not at this point in our relationship. Besides, you look good no matter what you wear.” He flashes a charming smile and I roll my eyes. 
“Glossing over the entire first of of that statement, you are being entirely unhelpful. Just give me a real answer!” I insist. I should have known that he wouldn’t make this easy. 
3/4 
Cam 31- Stubborn and stunning 
“A real answer? I really think that you look gorgeous today and that if I’m lucky the extra effort was meant for me.” He smirks mischievously and I want to hit my head on the bar. 
“If I can’t figure out what to wear, I won’t go.” I warn him. 
“Spoil sport. It won’t matter what you wear, just something casual and comfortable. We will stop somewhere to eat but it won’t be fancy or anything.” He assures me. Okay, I can work with that. The goal is casual but cute. Maybe I can wear my new green dress. Customers. entering through the front door draw my attention and I give Harry a quick nod before getting to work.. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 275
Strings of Fate 
Cam 32- Relaxing and reacting 
I pause for a fifteen minute break after the dinner rush ends and immediately head into my work room where I can relax. I don’t even bother complaining when Harry follows me in there. I really ought to bring some actual chairs in here, but it’s not a huge room and I need all the space I can manage for my potion making. Still, I feel a little bad when, with a type of fluid grace I could never manage, he settles himself down on the floor with his legs crossed. 
“So, are you planning to answer the texts from your mum?” He asks. I weirdly appreciate that he is genuinely asking. He’s not pressuring me to answer her, in fact I don’t think he has an opinion either way, or at least if he does he isn’t forcing it on me. I’m tempted to ask him what he thinks I should do. If I should ignore her, call her, talk to her or just cut her off entirely. But it wouldn’t be fair to put a question like that on him. Harry is a very bold person, he would probably just insist that I don’t need them and encourage me to never talk to them again. I know that’s probably what I SHOULD do, it would definitely be EASIER, but I 
just don’t know that I’m ready to take that step just yet.There has to be a reason my family are so insistent on my marrying Simon, some detail that I’m missing that makes it all make sense. I KNOW they’re not terrible people and I KNOW they love me. Or at least I’m fairly 
sure… 
“I don’t know. I’ll figure something out.” I tell him glumly. 
“Fair enough, let me know if I can help at all.” He offers cheerfully. I search around for something else to talk about. Harry seems to sense my floundering and once again he comes 
to my aid. 
“What about that guy you said you were going to email about the magical themed decor and stuff, did you ever hear back?” He asks. I leap at the chance to talk about something easy. 
“I have no idea, let me check my emails.” I perch myself on the workbench and open the mail app on my phone. I’m pleasantly surprised to find that my silent partner has actually 
answered for once. 
“Good morning Camille, 
Thankyou for reaching out regarding your intentions for a re–design/ re–decorating of our shared business. As you have proven yourself very competent thus far in managing the 
1/4 
Cam 32- Relaxing and reacting 
business, I am happy to let you pursue whatever direction you believe is appropriate for its 
idea is 
future development. While your a little controversial, I believe it is likely to be very profitable and I trust you to manage it appropriately. 
I am aware that ventures like this generally do cost money, particularly when you’re just starting out. Keeping this in mind, if you were to send me a summary of what you have planned and your proposed budget, I am happy to assist with funding within reason. 
I look forward to hearing your future plans, 
Regards, 
-M 
I know it’s kind of weird that I don’t know the name of my co–owner. I’m pretty sure it’s on the documentation somewhere, but even his signature was incomprehensible. Still, he’s a good partner and he lets me do as I like as shown by his response so I’m alright with a few quirks. I send off a quick reply. 
*I appreciate your trust in my decision, I will put together a plan and get it to you ASAP. 
Thanks again, 
Cam 
I turn to Harry, absolutely thrilled. 
“He approved it! He even offered money to help out!” I practically squeal the words. Harry jumps to his feet, strides towards me, hooks me under the arms and spins me in a circle. 
“Woah, hey put me down! We’re going to knock something over or break something!” I demand. Harry laughs and does as I ask. 
“Sorry, I just wanted to celebrate with you.” He does look a little apologetic but not regretful in the slightest. I cross my arms over my chest grumpily. 
2/4 
Cam 32- Relaxing and reacting 
“This is a work room. Don’t forget that some of the potions I keep in here can be dangerous, particularly when randomly mixed together and thrown around!” I lecture him. Okay, NOW he looks a little regretful. 
“You’re right, I didn’t think about that. I’m sorry.” He apologises again but this time I’m. happy with it. 
Since 
“Good.” I sit back on the workbench. My legs always get a little sore while I’m working I’m on my feet the whole time. I groan and rub at my calf a little. Harry gives me a heated look. 
“Let me know if you want a hand with that. I’ll have you know I’m great at giving massages.” He says this completely seriously and finishes with a smile. 
“What?” He can’t seriously be offering me a massage… or is he just trying to get his hands on me? Instead of answering, Harry just kneels on the ground in front of me, grabs my left ankle and begins massaging my sore calf. My first instinct is to yank it away… but damn that feels 
good. I decide to stay where I am. I have to work not to stare at him as he methodically runs his fingers up and down my leg, relaxing the muscles and occasionally pushing into a particularly sore spot. He seems very focussed on his task. I have to fight the urge to squirm in place, even though he’s only touching my calves and it’s through my jeans and everything. He moves onto my other leg after a couple minutes and I start to feel his magic creeping through me, getting me all worked up. I jerk away from him and glare. 
“Stop that!” I half yell. Harry immediately lets go and sits back on his heels. He looks 
confused and tilts his head to the side. 
“Sorry? I thought you were okay with it. You didn’t say no when I started.” He is frowning to himself, trying to work out where it went wrong. I continue to glare at him. 
“Why would I be okay with you manipulating me?!” I hiss the words at him. Harry stares. 
“Manipulating- what? I just wanted to help you feel better. How is that manipulating you?” He asks. I shake my head, completely disgusted at myself and slide off the bench. 
“I need to go back to work.” I storm off, leaving him in my work room staring after me. 
3/4 
Cam 32- Relaxing and reacting 
Harry chases after me immediately as I step behind the bar. He goes to follow me back there. but I block him so he goes around to the customer side and follows me that way. 
“Cam? Cam what just happened?” He sounds stressed. Cora is watching him with a bemused. 
expression. 
“Cam, talk to me please!” Harry pleads and I sigh. I know how persistent he is, he won’t just go away. I glance at Cora. 
“Cora, why don’t you go take your break. I got this.” I assure her. 
“Really?” She glances sideways at Harry. 
“I can stay if you want me to…” She trails off and I know she genuinely means it. I wave her 
off. 
“It’s fi 
fine. Go take your break. I’ll see you in half an hour.” She heads off to the kitchen where she likes to hide, take her break and have something to eat while the kitchen staff pack up for 
the evening. Once she leaves, I turn to Harry with a sigh. 
“Go on.” 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 276
Strings of Fate 
Cam 33- Consent and concern 
Harry takes a deep breath and exhales heavily as if soothing himself before he begins. 
“I am really sorry Cam. I didn’t realise I was making you uncomfortable, that you didn’t like what I was doingel won’t touch you again without waiting for you to actually say it’s okay. I don’t want you to be uncomfortable and I definitely didn’t intend to manipulate you or ignore your wishes.” he apologises sincerely. Wait, does he think I’m angry about him touching my legs? If I had a problem with that I wouldn’t have lashed out after several minutes of contact. It would have been immediate. I raise an eyebrow. 
“Why exactly do you think I’m upset?” I ask. Harry frowns. 
“Because I initiated physical contact without waiting for you to expressly consent to it and in the process, I made you uncomfortable.” He sums up, almost robotically. Like he wants to distance himself from the thought. I narrow my eyes. 
“And you can’t think of anything else that you might have done?” I prompt. Harry looks 
alarmed. 
“Something else? I was completely focussed on that one thing. What else could I have done? Am I missing something really obvious?” He asks. I just shake my head. Is he not aware that he was using his magic on me? I don’t know how aware Incubi are of their abilities, not to mention that he seems to believe that his magic doesn’t really affect me. Apparently my acting skills aren’t so terrible after all. But what does that mean for this situation? I mean, if he doesn’t know that he’s doing it, can I really be angry at him? Based on how horrified he is at this situation, he would probably be more careful with his magic if I tell him, but that would mean admitting to him that I basically 
med out in a temper because I was embarrassed because due to the fact that I was so turned on. I think I prefer it with him thinking his magic doesn’t work on me. I know there’s nothing to be ashamed of. I mean, what heterosexual woman WOULDN’T be turned on with an Incubus giving them so much attention? It’s very nearly impossible to avoid their magic. I have no idea how Ryann and his other female friends do it. I don’t know how much control Incubi have over their magic, but since I don’t see every woman in this place throwing themselves at him all the time he probably has SOME control. But they do tend to pursue him either way. I don’t know how much of that is because of his magic, how much is due to the reputation that Incubi have and how much is just because Harry is stupidly hot. I’m not going to solve this dilemma without 
1/3 
Cam 33- Consent and concern 
more information. I could ask Harry, but again that would mean bringing it up with him and I don’t want to have that conversation right now. Maybe I can ask Ryann about it sometime. She seems fairly good at being non–judgemental. But what to do right now? I was angry at him for trying to manipulate and control me, but if he didn’t intentionally use magic, or at least didn’t think it would affect me, then he really wasn’t actually manipulating me so I don’t actually have a reason to be angry. I’m fairly sure that a good eighty percent of my anger was just embarrassment anyway. Harry clears his throat and I realise that while I’ve been thinking this through, he’s been waiting anxiously as I stayed quiet for far too long. I need to say something. I also notice that there are at least two people waiting for drinks. I would wonder why they haven’t said anything, but Harry and I haven’t been particularly quiet. They’re watching the show, eager to see how I’ll respond. I need to get back to But first, to put Harry and my audience out of their misery. 
work. 
“It’s fine. I misunderstood something. It doesn’t matter. I’m not angry anymore.” I tell him calmly, trying not to let my embarrassment show on my face. Really Harry probably deserves an apology for my outburst more than I did, but he doesn’t ask for one. He just sighs in relief. I serve the customers who are still eying Harry and I curiously. They definitely wish that they had more information. I know a few of my regulars like to gossip about Harry and I. They’re going to have a lot to talk about when they realise that I finally agreed to go out with him. 
Even though the argument with Harry has been resolved, I’m having a little bit of trouble meeting his eyes. I can’t seem to erase the feeling of his hands on my legs or the feeling of contentment that I felt from his attentions. I’m also just feeling straight up embarrassed that I caused a scene. I’m also sort of concerned that if I meet Harry’s gaze, he’s going to realise exactly how I was feeling and he’s going to be able to see the attraction I feel. That would be terrible. It’s one thing when he thinks his magic isn’t affecting me, that I’m not lusting after him all the time like so many women do. But if he knew… he would use it against me. I don’t know how, I don’t even know if it would be intentional. But if he knew just how much I want him, I doubt he would ever back off. He would keep pushing, keep hinting and asking and wanting to know why I’m NOT throwing myself at him. I could do it. I could cave in and fall into his arms and bed and it would probably be amazing. But it would end. Eventually he would get bored of me and move on and I’m not sure I could do the same. I enjoy having him. as a friend and I enjoy his company. If I have to keep him wanting to keep his attention then that’s the way it has to be. I’m going to be walking a fine line going out with him. I’m sure he knows that I’m attracted to him at least a little, but I don’t think he knows how much and I want to keep it that way. As a type of apology, I take him a drink, a decent one that he might actually like. He sips at it and then stares at the glass, as if waiting for it to catch fire or something. I forgot how weird he is when I give him actual nice drinks. 
2/3 
Cam 33- Consent and concern 
“There’s nothing wrong with it. I just thought you deserved a drink that doesn’t make you need mouthwash afterwards for once. I tell him. 
“So you’re trying to be nice… You’re not still upset with me?” he asks warily. I roll my eyes. 
“I told you I’m not. Are you going to be like this every time I try to be nice?” I say with a laugh. Harry shrugs. 
“Maybe, I’ve gotten used to you picking on me. It’s kind of like when a kid picks on someone they like. I see it as a sign of affection.” He says smugly. I narrow my eyes. 
“Well now I don’t want to make you awful drinks anymore. You’ll just see it as flirtatious.” It frown. Harry smirks at me. 
“Yeah, but if you’re nice I’m going to interpret that as you like me too.” He insists. 
“Then what am I meant to do?” I laugh. 
that you like me, obviously.” Harry states as if it’s the most simple thing in the world, 
and maybe to him it seems that way. But for me it isn’t. 
“I just want to confirm. You say you’re not upset but you’re still avoiding me. You’re not 
cancelling our plans for tomorrow… right?” He seems anxious again. I shake my head. 
“I’m not cancelling.” I promise. 
###Chapter 277
3/3 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 34- Faking and fretting 
Cora and I are just cleaning up for the evening while Harry hovers around to walk me home. He excuses himself to the bathroom and Cora immediately grabs my arm and pulls me aside. 
“Did I hear right earlier? Did you finally agree to go out with the Incubus?” She whispers excitedly. I should have known she would ask. She’s probably been waiting all evening to get 
me alone. 
“I honestly can’t believe it. I thought you would keep him waiting way longer. Like at least another three months. You seemed so determined to reject him. I can’t quite work out when things changed, but you have definitely softened towards him.” She smiles at me conspiratorially. 
“I have not!” I automatically argue. Cora raises an eyebrow. 
“You used to barely react to him, but now you talk to him and engage with him. He doesn’t say nearly as many outrageous things either. Which confirms another suspicion I had.” She nods, satisfied. 
“Huh? What suspicion?” I query. 
“Well, I always kind of thought that he liked to say ridiculous things because he wanted your attention. You never reacted to anything he said so he kept escalating. He was never nearly as… vocal… with me. I haven’t noticed him speaking that way to any of the other customers either. He’s actually usually quite polite, particularly for an Incubus. I’ve just noticed that since you’ve started talking to him more he’s been a lot more relaxed. Like he isn’t. desperately trying to get attention and show off.” She explains.. 
“Oh, I guess maybe that’s true. He doesn’t take being ignored well… does he?” I observe. Coral giggles. 
“No he doesn’t.” She agrees. 
“But you didn’t answer me. Are you actually dating him?” She pushes on. I shrug. 
1/4 
Cam 34- Faking and fretting 
“Sort of, I guess?” I say noncommittally. She claps delightedly. 
“I KNEW it! I knew you secretly liked him! You guys make such a cute couple!” She 
practically squeals. 
“It’s not like that!” I argue. Cora tilts her head. 
“Isn’t it? Why would you date him if you didn’t like him?” She asks, confused. 
“Uh… well… I thought it might get this creep who won’t stop harassing me to back off. My family too, they’re all obsessed with the idea of me marrying this guy and I want absolutely nothing to do with him. I’ve noticed that the only thing that seems to make him back off is when he sees me with Harry.” I explain. I DO like Harry, but in my embarrassment I decide not to mention that. Although Cora seems a little disappointed. 
“Oh… So it’s like you’re fake dating him then.” She says slowly. I nod. 
“Kinda? He helped me out by pretending to be my boyfriend once and now I can’t exactly ask 
someone else or my family are going to know it’s fake. I’m not exactly the type to jump from 
relationship to relationship.” I reason, although I know I’m just trying to justify it. Cora nods. her understanding. 
“I suppose that makes sense. It is a shame though, I thought that you guys were a real couple. I suppose Harry is hoping it will turn out to be real. He is pretty desperate to win you over.” She smiles. I roll my eyes. 
“I’ve agreed to one date. It’s not like it’ll ever really go anywhere.” I point out. A thought 
occurs to me. 
“You won’t tell anyone about this will you? If word gets around then it will all be a wasted 
effort and Simon will keep harassing me.” I sigh. Cora holds out her hands to placate me. 
“I won’t say a word. Your secret is safe with me.” She promises. 
Walking home with Harry feels awkward. It usually doesn’t, but I can’t stop thinking about how weird I made things earlier. I know we both agreed to move on, but I can’t quite forget it. This is the first time I’ve been alone with him since then. Maybe Harry feels weird too, 
2/4 
Cam 34- Faking and fretting 
because he is being unusually quiet. 
“What, no interrogation tonight?” I joke. 
“Huh?” he seems a little dazed, like he was thinking about something else and I interrupted. 
“I was just wondering why you’re so quiet. You don’t have any random questions for met 
tonight?” I ask. I should just shut up and stop pressuring him to talk to me, but it feels so unnatural. He usually talks so much that I can barely keep up. 
“Oh, that. Well… it’s not that I don’t have questions. More that I was thinking about a specific question and trying to decide if it was worth asking.” He grins at me and somehow I feel relieved. I don’t know how to deal with quiet Harry, except maybe for when he’s sitting in the corner of my work room doing his own work. But even then he usually chatters away or sometimes hums to himself. He’s really just not a quiet person. 
ven 
“When have you ever cared if a question is worth asking? I didn’t realise that you actually THOUGHT about the questions you ask.” I tease him and he smiles even brighter. 
“Good point. In that case…” He holds out a hand to me like I’m a stray cat he’s trying not to frighten away. I have no idea what he wants and I just stare at him dumbly. 
“My question is, can I hold your hand?” He asks, enunciating each word carefully. 
“What? Why?” I question without thinking. Harry raises an eyebrow. 
“Because I want to? I enjoy the contact and I’m feeling a little… I don’t know. I just want physical contact. With you specifically I mean. Although if you keep turning me down I might have to go visit Ryann and at least get a hug. I don’t even know the last time I got a proper hug.” He frowns as if trying to figure it out. 
“Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Can I hold your hand?” He repeats his question. He might not know why he’s feeling bothered but it seems pretty obvious to me. Harry is an Incubus and like most Incubi he is a pretty physically affectionate person. But since he’s been so focussed on me, and I’ve been keeping him at a distance for the most part, he’s probably a bit touch starved. Still, I don’t think I can do it. There’s been entirely too much touching lately and I still don’t feel like I’ve totally shaken off his magic from earlier. I mean I can feel it pretty 
3/4 
Cam 34- Faking and fretting 
much every time he’s around me, but it’s so much more powerful when he’s touching me. I 
don’t want to make things weird again. 
“No. I don’t think so.” I respond. Harry’s hand drops back to his side and he sighs. 
“All right.” he responds. He doesn’t sound annoyed or anything. Just accepting and disappointed. I feel a little bad so I try to cheer him up. 
“Are you ever going to tell me where we’re going tomorrow?” I ask. Harry immediately perks. 
up. 
“Of course I am.” He agrees easily. 
“Tomorrow.” He finishes. I roll my eyes. 
“That’s just mean!‘ I complain but Harry is unmoved. 
“I refuse to ruin the surprise. You surprise me all the time, it’s my turn.” He insists. I sigh. 
“Ugh, fine.” We arrive at my front door and I stop up the steps. 
“Keep your surprise, I’ll know soon enough anyway. Good night Harry.” 
“Good night Cam. Sweet dreams, I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
###Chapter 278
Strings of Fate 
Cam 35- Boundaries and bragging 
I’m lying in bed and theoretically I’m relaxing but I just can’t sleep. I find myself just scrolling through the messages my mother sent me earlier. I sort of want to ignore them, but that doesn’t line up all that well with my whole ‘setting boundaries‘ thing. I can’t expect my family to pull their heads out of their asses if I don’t make it clear when they’re doing things that make me uncomfortable. If I’m not willing to completely cut ties then I need to try to stand up for myself, right? I take almost an hour to compose the text I send to my mother. 
Cam- I would like to start by pointing out that I am an adult and I in no way ‘owe‘ you an explanation however as you are my mother and did raise me I respect you enough to provide one regardless. I understand that you do not agree with my decision, however I have made it clear several times now that I have no interest in meeting with Simon. I will not ever develop a relationship with him and I find it very disturbing that you consider a man who is literally. stalking me as a viable option. The Incubus in that photo is a good person and I am disappointed with your judgemental attitude considering that you have not even met him. He and I are in a relationship and I have no intention of cutting ties with him so I suggest you get over whatever your problem is. I want to make something very clear to you. You have no say at all in my relationships and I will spend time with whoever I choose, with or without your approval. This message isn’t intended as an explanation, a justification of my behaviour or an attempt to gain your approval. Rather it is the opposite. This is the last time I will explain or justify my behaviour to you and while I would love to have your approval, I will not let a lack of it stop me from living life as I see fit. My life is good and I am happy with it. I love my job and I am happy with my relationship. If you can’t accept that… well that’s your problem so stop trying to make it mine because I am done with your attitude. Unless you intend to apologise and are ready to move on from this, don’t bother answering this message. You will always be my mother and I will always love you but I can’t keep having this 
conversation. 
I hold my breath as I hit send, then within moments the exhaustion that has been trying to claim me for hours finally wins. I wake up to my alarm, feeling groggy and trying to work out why I set it so early. Oh, right. I have a date with Harry. I might not be expecting this to go especially well, but he always looks so much better than me, I want to put in some effort. I don’t want to look like some Incubi fangirl that he’s using. I want to look like someone an Incubus would want. Feeling motivated, I turn off the alarm and roll out of bed. I check my phone. I have two messages. One from my mum and one from Harry. I figure I’ll start with 
the more difficult one first. 
1/4 
Cam 35- Boundaries and bragging 
Mum – Your grandmother is heartbroken, I can’t believe you would speak to us this way. I 
then thought I raised you better than this. Give it a few weeks, the Incubus will screw you screw you over and you’ll come crying back to us. We will be waiting. 
Yep, that’s about what I expected. I fight back tears as I open my messages from Harry, hopefully this cheers me up and so help me if he is cancelling on me I might have to kill him. 
Test Subject 01–Good morning beautiful, I can’t wait to see you today. I’ll be on your doorstep 
at 12 on the dot!  
I shouldn’t have worried. I can always count on Harry to provide a well timed, if sometimes inappropriate, distraction. With that in mind, I change his name in my contacts.” 
Cam- Good morning, I’ll be ready. Are you sure you won’t tell me where we’re going? 
Distraction- Not telling, if nothing else I figure that your curiosity will stop you from 
cancelling on me. ;) 
Cam- I already told you that I’m not cancelling. 
Distraction- I’ll believe it when I see it. 
Cam- Eye roll. Whatever. 
Cam-… I messaged my 
mum. I tried to set some boundaries. I don’t think it worked though. 
She didn’t react well. I think it might have made things worse. 
Distraction- I’m sorry it didn’t go well but I’m proud of you for standing up for yourself! If she can’t see how perfect you are, that’s her loss. You are intelligent, capable, beautiful, kind, sexy, gorgeous, attractive, hot… Wait, what was my point again? 
Cam–You’re ridiculous. 
Distraction- Ridiculously handsome. 
Cam- And oh so humble. 
214 
Cam 35- Boundaries and bragging 
Distraction- Hey I know what I look like, I’m cocky not blind. 
Laughing to myself, I throw my phone onto my bed. I think a hot bath is in order. I’ll need to get moving if I want time for my hair to dry properly. I prefer not to use hair dryers, they make my hair go frizzy. It looks so much better if it has time to air dry. 
At five minutes to twelve, I’m pacing the living room wearing my new green sundress and a cute pair of black flats that do nothing to make me taller but at least they’re comfortable. It’s not like the couple of inches of height a pair of heels might give me would make all that much difference. Harry is so much taller than me. Unless I walk around in a pair of stilts I have no chance of balancing out our heights. I could cut him off at the knees but that just sounds messy. I wonder if I could make a potion that could temporarily change someone’s height? I suppose it would be theoretically possible but I suspect it would be super painful to use. I doubt it would be worth the effort. I take a moment to double check my reflection in the little mirror I keep hanging by the front door. My hair is sitting in perfect waves, my eye makeup is natural but pretty and the green of my dress really brings out my eyes. I’m fairly satisfied with my appearance, although I’m also annoyingly nervous. This is stupid, Harry hast seen me in my comfy, lazy clothes and he still asked me out. I check the time, three minutes. to go. I rush to the bathroom, I suddenly need to pee and I just know that he’s going to knock on the door and I’ll be stuck in the bathroom. I rush to empty my bladder feeling paranoid and wash my hands, drying them on my skirt as I dash back to the living room to wait. I check the time again. Still two minutes to twelve, I probably didn’t need to hurry so much. But what if he was early? Ugh, this is stressful, although I guess sort of exciting too. It’s been ages since I’ve been on a proper date. Finally Harry knocks. I make myself count to three before answering the door so that it isn’t completely obvious that I’ve just been standing around waiting for him. Harry’s eyes practically glow with approval as he looks me over. 
“If I expressed how stunning you are and how it makes me feel I’m pretty sure you would shove me down these stairs, lock the door and refuse to go anywhere with me so I’m just going to say you look lovely.” He says with a charming smile and I can’t help but roll my eyes. 
“You look good too.” I tell him grudgingly. He hands me a bouquet. I expect it to be flowers. so I’m surprised to find it’s a collection of individually sealed little bottles of different alcohols and mixers strategically wrapped and placed to make them look like flowers. It’s actually adorable. 
“Thanks, I guess I don’t need to put these in water, but I will put them away.” I joke. 
3/4 
Cam 35- Boundaries and bragging 
“Yeah, that’s probably for the best.” He agrees. Five minutes later I’m sitting in the passenger 
seat of his car. It’s weird, I’ve never seen his car before. 
“If 
you 
have a car, why do you always walk to my work, and why always walk me home when you could drive?” I question. Harry grins. 
“Well, I don’t drive because I never know what your drinks are going to do to me so I figure it’s better not to risk it. As for driving you home… That would make the night end faster.” He answers. Oh. That’s actually kind of sweet. I blush and clear my throat, looking out the 
window as he drives. 
“So where are we going?” I ask again. Harry just grins. 
“To test a theory I have.” He answers vaguely. I cross my fingers and hope for the best. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 279
Strings of Fate 
Cam 36- Whispering and winning 
I’m definitely surprised when I find myself sitting in a smallish cafe/ restaurant watching as Harry tries to come up with a team name for the two of us. I can’t believe he’s taken me to a trivia contest. How did he even know that I enjoy this kind of thing? I don’t think he’s ever asked me before. We walked in and Harry was absolutely beaming with joy as he watched met for my reaction. When I responded positively he immediately went and grabbed us a sign in sheet. I’m checking out the menu for lunch when Harry runs off to submit our team name. I have a sneaking suspicion that I should have asked to check what he wrote before letting him hand it in. Oh well, too late now. Some battles aren’t worth it. Besides, Harry seems to be on his best behaviour today. Probably because if he embarrasses me in public I would definitely have to retaliate. Still, so far this is surprisingly nice. Actually, I shouldn’t be surprised. He’s an Incubus, seducing and flirting is what he’s good at. I immediately mentally scold myself for the unkind thought. Harry has clearly put a lot of thought into this outing, he even brought me a gift, and something I would like that isn’t super generic. It’s not fair of me to: judge him for… what? Being charming? For being a good date? What am I even bothered by? Of course he’s good at this, he’s gone out with a lot more people than I have. Oh, shit. That’s what the problem is… I’m jealous. This is not a good sign. I am well on my way to getting my heart broken. I need to remember that Harry can’t be a real, long term option for me. Incubi don’t DO long term, committed relationships. Then again, I never imagined an Incubus would be so excited about cartoons or so enthusiastic about a quiz night. He is surprisingly… 
wholesome. He is even good with his friend 
ann’s adopted child. An Incubus wouldn’t have been my first thought as a babysitter, but I have to admit he is very suited to it. I think I’m getting caught up in stereotypes again. It’s not right to view Incubi as one dimensional sext s. He’s still an actual person after all! Ugh this is stressful. I was always taught that Incubi are shallow and promiscuous and he’s tipping all those lessons over and leaving me second guessing myself. What was that saying? Your first thought is what society has conditioned you to think and your second thought is what you actually believe? What about my third and fourth thoughts, or my hundredth? Where’s the handy labels for them? How much of what I believe is unfair stereotyping and how much is accurate. Besides I have no idea if Harry is the norm, what if he’s just weird for an Incubus? 
“Have you decided what you want to order?” Harry asks, appearing beside me causing me to jump and drop the fork I had been fiddling with as I thought. 
“Oh, uh… not yet.” I respond, a little flustered. He looks at me curiously but ignores it. 
1/3 
Cam 36- Whispering and winning 
“We need to get our order in soon, they bring the food out between rounds and we don’t want to be the last ones to eat. You said you didn’t want to risk being late for work. This event is meant to last two hours but you know how people fall behind schedule.” He takes both of our orders up to the counter and returns with a table number on a little silver stand 
so that the waitstaff know where to bring the food. The first round of the quiz event starts. There is no theme to this event. It’s just a general knowledge trivia thing, although the MC does take the time to point out that the questions are designed to be broad and to appeal to Humans and Magics alike. I do notice that most of the teams have between four and six members. When I point this out to Harry he just tells me that it will be more fun with the challenge. We’re only a few questions in and already my competitive side is kicking in. I’m determined to win, or at least to make the top three. Most of the general knowledge questions are easy enough and Harry absolutely aces the pop culture sections. I’m starting to wonder how much time he spends watching TV because I swear there wasn’t a single question where he even hesitated. I try to subtly check out the other tables to assess the competition. No one looks too alarmed but whenever the ‘inclusive‘ questions designed to appeal to Magics turn up there is at least a few groups who start to whisper under their breaths. I suppose that no one really knows all that much about groups outside of their own in this stupid, decided society. At least not beyond the superficial. I actually think that these questions might be what gives Harry and I a bit of an edge. 
“Name as many Alpha Shifters as you can. Any species is fine. It’s one point per Alpha you name with a bonus three points if you can name all the Alphas that live in this city.” The MC 
announces the bonus points 1 
it’s an insane ask that no one will be able to accomplish. Harry and I immediately get to work. I hear another table whisper loudly, in that ‘whisper‘ that isn’t actually quiet but is actually just talking in a weirdly breathy voice that accomplishes nothing. 
“There are four Alphas in the city. I know all of them. Those bonus points are OURS!” Harry. and I exchange gleeful expressions. Do these people not realise that each pack has TWO: Alphas. A male and female. I do hear someone listing some of the women at another table though so I suppose not everyone here is completely oblivious. I know a few of the Alphas and Harry finishes the list. Apparently Ryann complains about them a lot and how they refuse to pull their heads out of their asses. (Except for the bear Alphas, I met them and I have to agree that they were lovely.) 
I obviously ace the questions about Witches and we do fairly well with all the other groups of Magics as well. You learn a lot about people as a bartender and overhear a lot of gossip about current events. Plus my bar is one of the few in the area that caters to Humans and Magics so 
2/3 
Cam 36- Whispering and winning 
We 
as far as I’m concerned we are flying through this competition. If we don’t win I’m going to be so pissed. I wait eagerly, marking off the answers and trying to add up how many points 
got as they read out the answers to the questions. There were a few general knowledge ones where we were a little off, although to be honest it was more that our answers weren’t specific enough. Maybe we will get a few half points? I think we deserve half points. When they read out the results of the Shifter Alpha question I frown when they only list seven Alphas and leave Ryann off the list. One other table listed seven and got ten points for having all the names. We were given seven but didn’t get the bonus points because we included an extra name. But Ryann IS the Alpha. 
“Ryann is officially the Alpha, isn’t she? I was pretty sure.” I grumble. Harry glowers at the judges. 
“Yes she is. She’s registered with the MRO and everything.” We listen for the final results and are disappointed to find that our team (The terrifying two… interesting choice Harry.) Came in second and only by two points. 
“But we’re RIGHT! They got the Alpha question wrong!” I complain. 
“We’ve gotta fix this, for Ryann’s reputation of course.” Harry winks at me and I grin. Having 
someone around who is willing to cause a scene might be fun after all. 
###Chapter 280
Strings of Fate 
Cam 37–Touch and teamwork 
The room is crowded as people start to get up and put away their things in preparation to leave. Harry is able to push his way through the crowd but I keep getting left behind as stupid giant people step in front of me. As Harry moves further away from me I automatically reach out and grab his band. I cling to him as he leads me up to the judges. 
Fifteen minutes of bickering and drama later, Harry and I are leaving the event, points awarded and envelope with the prize in hand. We won a gift card for a free meal next time we visit the cafe and a gift basket of snacks and wine. This is apparently a good day for me to get free alcohol. Harry leads me outside and swings our hands between us as we walk to the car. 
So, does this mean I have permission to hold your hand now after all? Because you grabbed me first.” Harry points out, squeezing my fingers gently. I laugh at his reminder of his question from last night. I thought that holding his hand would be uncomfortable or awkward and last night in the dark it seemed way too intimate. But here in the afternoon sun with Harry strolling along beside me I have to admit it’s comfortable. I was making way too big a deal out of it, besides Harry went out of his way to make sure I had a good time and to keep me happy today, if holding my hand makes him happy then I’m not going to . 
“Yeah it’s fine. I changed my mind. Hand holding isn’t so bad after all. I suppose I can suffer through it.” I tell him cheekily. 
“Well I appreciate your sacrifice.” He beams and I notice a bit more bounce to his step. I swear the man has endless energy. Isn’t he ever tired? He’s always moving around, talking, humming, whatever. Although I’m starting to get used to his constant presence. Even the things he does that seemed annoying before seem a little more endearing now. Harry doesn’t release my hand until we reach the car and he makes a big deal out of dramatically opening the car door for me and helping me in. 
“I’m a gentleman you know, on the streets at least.” He winks at me and I snigger. Okay, so maybe his flirting is actually kind of funny when there isn’t an entire room of people watching and waiting to see how I’ll react. 
“Well I’m not sure that I’m anyone’s idea of a lady, but I appreciate the gesture anyway.” Harry actually does a double take. I think he expected me to roll my eyes or sass him. He actually seems a little flustered. Oh this could be fun. It never occurred to me that flirting 
1/4 
Cam 37–Touch and teamwork 
back with Harry might actually balance things out a bit between us. I’m determined not to let him fluster me anymore. I’m turning over a new leaf, watch our Harry! This is going to be 
fun. 
On the drive to my work, I finally ask Harry the question that’s been nagging at me. 
“How did you know that I like trivia stuff? I’m almost certain that we’ve never discussed it.” I 
add. Harry shrugs and glances sideways at me. 
“Well… I had a feeling you might. You memorise hundreds of drinks, potions, herbs and you always make easy conversation with your customers no matter what topics they bring up. You remember details about your regulars from previous conversations as well. You just seem like someone who collects information and facts. I took a chance that your awesome memory combined with your competitiveness and general know it all attitude would mean you’re into trivia, and I was right!” He explains smugly. Huh, I didn’t realise that Harry paid that much. attention to my conversations with other customers. I’m also a little flattered that he’s acknowledging just how much I had to learn and memorise for my job. So many people think that being a bartender is such an easy job but there is a definite skill set involved and having a half decent memory is a big part of it. 
“I guess you are right, I never would have guessed that was where you planned to take me.” I admit. Harry grins. 
“I know, that was part of the fun.” He pauses before continuing. 
“Was it okay? I know romance isn’t really something I’ve had a lot of practice at, and I don’t 
think this was really a normal activity for a first date. But sitting at a table with a couple of drinks getting to know each other seemed a little… redundant at this point. We’re not exactly strangers. I thought it would be better to pick an activity that actually proves something.” He 
explains. 
“Proves that I enjoy trivia questions?” I question. Harry shakes his head. 
“Proves that we make a good team.” He responds with a satisfied smile. Oh, that is not where I thought he was going with that. I think back to the potions he’s helped me with, how he backed me up when Simon was harassing me and even how he settled matters with those 
Witches (although I didn’t love his method) I can’t say that he’s wrong. 
2/4 
Cam 37–Touch and teamwork 
“I suppose I agree.” I reluctantly admit. Harry laughs. 
“No need to sound so put out about it. He parks the car and I check the time. We made it to Witches Booze with ten minutes to spare. So I guess he did keep his promise to have me back in time for work, even with the delay we caused by protesting the results. Apparently the organisers were going off of an internet search for who the Alphas are but hadn’t thought to check the current registrations. Since Ryann didn’t make any kind of public announcement about her status, and they’ve been keeping things pretty low key, there isn’t a lot about them online yet. But one call to the MRO proved us right. Harry said that he doubts their relationship will stay low key for much longer though. They’re not hiding it anymore and it’s only a matter of time until people start noticing. They are engaged after all. Not only that, they adopted a CHILD together. That’s no small thing. How Kiara’s rescue didn’t make the papers I will never know, although I suspect that there was some definite interference from the Shifters in maintaining her privacy. I bet that quiet guy, Alex, was involved somehow. He seems to have his fingers in everything. 
I unlock and head inside. I can hear voices in the kitchen so I know the staff there are already hard at work. I didn’t bother with a change of clothes so I suppose I’m working in my date. outfit tonight. It won’t be so bad, hey maybe I’ll even get a few extra tips. I get to work with the prep for the evening. I’ll be the only bartender tonight since Cora isn’t working. Although I fully expect her to drag me aside and interrogate me about my date next time she is at work. While I get ready, Harry sits and sketches on the tablet he brought in from his car. I peer at it curiously. 
“What are you working on?” I ask. Harry smiles and holds it up for me to see. 
“It’s a floorplan of this place. I figure it will help with planning. I was also going to sketch up a few of the ideas we wrote down last time. Your co–owner wanted a budget summary right?” So we should start a break down of what spells you want to use and how much the 
ingredients cost, then we can come up with a proper plan and…why are you staring at me?” 
###Chapter 281
3/4 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 38- Adult and attached 
Harry stares back at me, probably trying to work out why I’m just sitting here blinking in shock. I’ve never seen him act so… so responsibly before. He’s just sitting here casually talking about budgeting and floor plans. I know that theoretically he must be capable of these kinds of things. He is an adult, he pays bills and has a job. But he always acts.so carefree that it’s just weird to see him considering something as mundane as budgeting. 
“Seriously, what is it?” He whines. I answer slowly. 
“Harry… are… are you secretly a… responsible adult?” My tone is incredulous and I am definitely playing it up a little for the drama. Harry gasps in fake horror. 
“You take that back! He insists. I shake my head solemnly. 
“I can’t, it’s too late. I’ve seen too much. You care about budgeting.” I keep my voice serious and Harry sighs. 
“Okay, you caught me. I have basic life skills. I know, it’s a lot to take in. There is a brain in 
here, I’m not just a pretty face.” He knocks himself on the head with his knuckles as he says this and I absolutely lose it. I was a little worried that going on an ‘official‘ date would make things weird between us, but apparently I had nothing to worry about. Although I am a little concerned at how much time I’ve been spending with Harry lately. I should really hang out with some other friends or something. It can’t be healthy to let one 
person dominate my time like this. Particularly because when he gets sick of me and leaves I’m going to have all this empty time and no idea how to fill it. If I neglect the few other friends that I have left I will really be left with nothing. The thought sobers me up a little, although Harry seems extra motivated to get started on my budgeting. Considering that this is my job, he’s very invested in helping me. The night goes really fast with me working the bar while Harry helps me plan. my vision. He’s disturbingly good at putting my vague ideas into actual defined concepts. I suppose that is kind of what he does at his own work. By the end of the shift we have a detailed plan, with sketches, a floor plan and a list of items for me to check pricing on so that we can complete the budgeting breakdown. I’m kind of amazed. I thought that this would take me weeks and between the two of us we’ve managed almost the entire project in one night WHILE I was working. I suppose making the actual spells and potions will take a little more time, but I’m feeling really optimistic now. 
1/4 
Cam 38- Adult and attached 
We’re still talking about the plans for my bar when Harry takes me home. The trip is faster than usual since he has his car with him. He pulls up in front of my house and parks the car. I 
move to get out of the car but Harry catches my hand to stop me. 
“Before you go. I wanted to check. Today went well… right? Does that mean you will be 
willing to go out with me again?” He asks. 
“Sure.” I answer without even thinking. I couldn’t even imagine saying no at this point. This 
is the best day I’ve had in a long time and I would be an idiot to turn down more of it. 
“Great! One second, I’ll walk you to your door.” Harry beams at me. He opens my car door for 
me and holds a hand out to help me from the car. 
“You know, for someone who claims to not know much about romance, you’re kind of good at it.” I point out. Harry shrugs. 
“I’m not doing anything that special. Just wheedling my way into spending time with you.” Harry responds. I frown, does he not realise how considerate he’s been. Picking an activity that I would enjoy, taking me home, picking gifts that suit my interests, helping me accomplish my goals at work. If this is what he considers normal, I would be terrified to see what it looks like when he’s going all out. I stop at my door and wait expectantly for Harry to ask his regular nightly question. I’m sort of expecting him to ask to be invited in again. I‘ mean, I agreed to a date and he made it into my house once before. He probably thinks it’s a sure thing at this point. The worst part is that if he weren’t an Incubus I probably WOULD invite him up. But I know this won’t last and if I let this go any further there won’t be any recovery from it. 
“Can I hug you? Like not just this once but in general.” Harry asks. Once again he’s surprised me by not asking what I expected. I suppose I have hugged Harry a few times now so it’s not an unreasonable request. But I just finished deciding that I need to avoid getting closer to Harry. Holding hands is one thing, but hugs… that is way too much closeness. There is no way I’ll be able to keep myself under control if I agree to hugging. I shake my head no. 
“I don’t think so.” Harry releases my hand so I can unlock the door. 
“Okay, no problem. I can wait.” He responds cheerfully. He waits for me to be safely in the house before heading back to his car and driving off. Twenty minutes later I get a text 
2/4 
Cam 38- Adult and attached 
message from him. 
Distraction- I forgot to ask. Can I take you to breakfast tomorrow? 
Cam- As long as it’s not too early. Also, it’s my turn to pay for the food. 
Distraction- How’s 10am sound? And sure, I have no issue with that. 
Cam–10am works. I’ll see you then. Cora is working tomorrow, so I was going to spend some time finishing up that budget. Can you send it to me? 
Distraction- I’ll bring it in the morning. We can work on it together. 
Cam- Don’t you have work to do? 
Distraction-… Maybe… It can wait. 
Cam- I’ll work on the budgeting. You need to do your own job. 
Distraction- Can I hang out while I work? 
Cam- As long as you actually focus, sure. 
Distraction- Then I will see you in the morning. 
Distraction- Good night! Xox 
Cam- Night  
I’m both relieved and disappointed to find that I have no messages from my mother. I didn’t really think one ultimatum message and a day to think about it would change anything, but that little optimistic part of me that wants her approval leaves me feeling a little low. I have to remember that this might take a while. My mother is as stubborn as I am so I can’t expect her to change overnight. On the bright side, I haven’t heard from Simon at all which is something that I have zero regrets about. It seems like he might have finally taken the hint and backed off. I suppose that means I don’t actually need to go out with Harry after all… but 
3/4 
Cam 38- Adult and attached 
why risk it? I should give it at least a week or so to make sure that Simon really is finished with me. All I have to do is not get too attached to Harry in the meantime. It shouldn’t be 
too hard. Right? I go to bed with this in mind, it will be fine as long as I don’t fall for Harry. I have to ignore the little nagging part of me that insists that it might already be a bit too late. 
Chapter Comments 
5 
###Chapter 282
4/4 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 39- Reacting and recounting 
As promised, Harry is on my doorstep at ten in the morning. I just wear my normal clothes. this time. Jeans and a soft blue t–shirt. I’m not planning to actually work 
the bar today so it 
doesn’t matter too much. But these are the clothes that I’m used to. Regardless, Harry greets 
me cheerfully and complements me so enthusiastically I have to work not to turn a 
magnificent shade of red. 
“You look absolutely breathtaking this morning. Are you ready to go?” He asks, holding out at 
hand to me. I take it and we head off. Harry didn’t bring his car today so I assume we aren’t 
going far. 
“Since you insist I have to leave time to actually WORK today, I thought we could just get something at the bakery near your bar and eat there. Is that alright?” Harry asks. I nod. 
“Sounds great. Although if that’s the plan, you could have just met me there. Unless this is closer. Where do you live anyway?” I ask. Harry names a street and I stumble a little. The only reason I don’t faceplant is because of Harry’s grip on my hand. 
“What? But… that’s right next to my bar! Are you saying that you live closer to my work than I do?” I ask in shock. Harry shrugs. 
ppose so.” He agrees. 
“But… then why did you walk all the way here? Actually… Why even walk me home? You live 
in the opposite direction!” I point out. Harry rolls his eyes. 
“I’ve told you before, I enjoy spending time with you. So unless you want to come back to my place, then this is the best I can do.” he tells me calmly. I frown and I know my brow is furrowed. I sort of assumed that Harry lived nearby, or that at least walking to my place was 
only a little out of his way, not that it is in the COMPLETE OPPOSITE DIRECTION! 
“Besides, walking is good exercise. You don’t get an ass like mine sitting around all day.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes. Okay, sweet moment gone. Harry swings our arms between us 
as we walk. 
1/4 
Cam 39 Reacting and recounting 
“Are you planning to hold my hand this whole walk?” I question. He nods. 
“Yep. I doubt you will be surprised to hear it but I’m discovering that I’m pretty clingy. At least I am when it comes to you. Let me know if I’m annoying you too much.” He responds cheerfully, still swinging our arms. Holding his hand, I begin to notice other things, like how one of his steps matches two of mine. He must be slowing his pace quite a bit to walk with me. It didn’t ever occur to me. I study him subtly out of the corner of my eye, I suspect that he notices, but if he does then he chooses not to say anything 
When we reach the bakery I send Harry to find us a seat at one of the little tables while I order us food. Harry doesn’t to me bossing him around and I go pay for our breakfast. When I return with food he’s at a table that technically seats four. I could sit next to him… But not wanting to make a fool of myself and needing a little distance from him and his seductive magic, I choose to sit neross from him instead. Harry doesn’t notice my internal dilemma and smiles brightly at me as I take my sent. 
“Thanks.” He says. The next few minutes are unusually quiet as the two of us stuff our faces. I usually eat this late since I like to sleep in, but I doubt Harry usually waits until after ten in the morning for his breakfast. The poor guy was probably starving. I’m only halfway through my meal when he’s finishing up. I’m so caught up in my breakfast which is insanely good and about a hundred times better than my usual toast or nothing, that I don’t notice the woman approaching until she speaks. 
“Hey, I hope this isn’t too forward of me, but I was wondering if I could get your number and… maybe take you for drinks tonight?” My eyes latch onto the dark haired beauty who has approached us, or more specifically, approached Harry. She is gorgeous, with her hair cut into a pixie cut that I could never pull off, ice blue eyes and high cheekbones, she looks like she belongs on the cover of a magazine or something, not in the bakery where I’m eating breakfast. I clear my throat subtly. The woman’s eyes dart to me, look me up and down, then dismiss me. She turns back to Harry expectantly. Okay RUDE. 
“No, I don’t think so. Sorry.” Harry answers cheerfully. The woman frowns. She’s about to walk away but I can’t help but say something. 
“What am I invisible or something? How rude do you have to be to ask a guy out in front of his… his date?” I finish. For a second I wanted to say girlfriend or partner, but both words. implied too much of a committed connection that I am not comfortable implying. The woman 
raises an eyebrow. 
2/4 
Cam 39- Reacting and recounting 
“Honestly, I didn’t think you were together. You’re sitting at the same table, but you’re as far away from the guy as you can get, not to mention neither of you have said a word to each other for a few minutes now. I assumed you were just sharing the table. If I was seeing a guy who looks like that I definitely wouldn’t be keeping my distance. Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you.” She sounds sincere and my anger drains away. Well shit, she wasn’t meant to be REASONABLE. How am I meant to take my anger and jealousy out on her if she’s going to be reasonable. I kind of wanted her to fight back. As it is, all I can do is behave myself. Wordlessly, I stand from my seat and move into the one beside Harry, making sure to shuffle it close to him so that the legs of the seat are basically touching. I lean into his arm and taking the hint, Harry wraps it over my shoulder. 
“No meal in peace.” I tell her, probably a bit rude still, and I’m definitely rubbing my closeness to Harry in her face, but the satisfaction I get as I watch her walk away makes it worth it. Not wanting a repeat of the same scenario, I stay beside Harry while I eat. I might not be as clingy as Harry, but apparently I AM jealous. If snuggling up to him makes other women leave 
him be then it’s worth it. 
Problem. Thanks for your honesty. Now if you don’t mind, we would like to finish our 
Harry keeps his arm loosely over my shoulder in a half hug until I finish my breakfast and we get up to leave. He only removes it to immediately take my hand again. He waits until we get outside to start gloating. 
“You were SO jealous! And what happened to your ion to hugging? You were all over me. You know if you’re allowed to hug me whenever you want it’s only fair that I get to hug you!” he points out. I roll my eyes. 
“Yeah, fine. Hugging is allowed. And I wasn’t jealous, I was offended. She was being very rude.” I respond primly. Harry laughs. 
“Sorry love, but I’m not buying it. You were jealous. You were half a second away from crawling into my lap!” he crows. 
“Shut up, don’t say another word!” I hiss at him. I flush red and angle myself away from him, yanking on our joined hand and hoping to create a little distance. Harry just holds on and lets the yanking motion drag him closer to me. 
“Nope, this is too much fun. I’ll be recounting this to people until the day I die.” he declares. 
3/4 
Cam 39- Reacting and recounting 
I glare at him. 
“What is it going to take to get you to drop this?” I ask, grumbling. Harry pretends to think. but the glint in his eyes tells me I won’t like the answer. 
“I’ll stop talking in exchange for a kiss.” He smoulders down at me and for a second I’m stuck staring into his eyes as his magic powers through me. I have to work not to shiver. Finally, I force myself to take a step back. 
“Absolutely not.” I glare at him and begin marching my way towards work, towing Harry along by our still joined hands as he laughs until he nearly cries. 
###Chapter 283
Strings of Fate 
Cam 40- Paint and presents 
We arrive at my bar and I’m immediately struck by rage. Right across the front door and the bricks of the building is a huge. Graffit 
drawing of some unidentifiable symbol or tag or something. I can’t help but reach out to touch it and my fingers come back sticky with black paint that hasn’t quite dried yet. For goodness sakes, why would someone even vandalise the front of my building? This is ridiculous! What were they hoping to accomplish? It’s not even GOOD graffiti! 
“Do you think it will wash off? It’s not quite dry yet so I reckon there’s a good chance we can get it clean.” Harry says softly. He seems concerned that I might be really upset or delicate. 
No, mostly I’m just pissed off. 
“I know a potion that should get it off, I’m just angry that someone would waste my time like this.” I grumble, waving a hand dismissively. Harry brightens. 
“Oh, well I can help with the cleaning. Do you have any ideas who might have done this?” He queries. I consider who might have an issue with me or my bar. My family might have problems. But they’re big rule followers. Breaking the law like this to make a point isn’t their style, plus they know how easy it will be for me to get it clean. They wouldn’t waste their time. Besides, they consider themselves too ‘classy‘ for something like graffiti. Simon is another option, but again I suspect that he thinks far too much of himself to stoop to something as petty as vandalism. He’s more likely to try to ruin my reputation with nasty rumours or reviews. The only other arguments I’ve had lately would be with those Witches. who opposed me using magic in public and giving it away for free. Maybe it was them? The graffiti DOES kind of look like a symbol, maybe they attempted a spell and just failed. 
“I’m not really sure, those Witches were pretty angry with me. Maybe they, or someone else from their coven, decided to try to make a point. Although in a very childish and immature way.” I sigh. Harry crosses his arms over his chest grumpily. 
“You should put in a police report. We can’t just let them get away with this.” He suggests. I 
shake my head. 
“There’s no point. We don’t know for sure who did it. I don’t want to make a big deal out of it.” I reason. Harry frowns and I can tell that he doesn’t agree but he also doesn’t argue. I’ll let it be this once. If it happens again THEN I’ll take the issue further. As it is, I need to make 
1/3 
Cam 40- Paint and presents 
a cleaning potion. I unlock the door (thankfully there’s no paint over the actual lock.) and we head inside. I direct Harry to bring me a sample of the paint mess. He uses a spoon and scrapes off a little of the black paint and brings it to me in my work room where I am already mixing the ingredients for the simple potion. Cleaning potions work great for hard to remove messes, but they’re a little pointless for regular cleaning. Usually soap and water will do the job just fine. Plus they require à sample of the mess you’re cleaning to add to the potion which just isn’t always possible. 
Twenty minutes later, I’m just waiting for the potion to cool enough that I can tip it on a rag and apply it to the paint. A spray bottle would probably work too but I don’t think I have a spare one right now so a rag it is. Harry insists on helping me with the cleaning. I would insist on doing it myself but as he helpfully points out, I would need to stand on a ladder or something just to reach the top edges of the graffiti and it is much faster for him to do it. I sigh and give in, but I promise myself that I’ll get him dinner on the house tonight. Even with the potion, it takes almost an hour to remove all the paint. When Harry comes back inside he’s sweaty and his clothes are a mess with streaks of black paint over them as well as the usual dust and dirt that you would find on the outside of a building. I haven’t gotten anything much done because I was too busy fretting and feeling bad about Harry basically doing my job for me. Seeing how messy he is now, I feel even more guilty. 
“Hey, I might run home for a bit to have a quick shower and to grab my work stuff. Do you need me to bring anything?” Harry asks, heading for the door. Impulsively I chase after him. He turns to me expectantly, not sure what I want. I pause, not sure what my goal was in following him. Just that I wanted to thank him. Screw it, risking the paint, I throw myself at him in a hug. He seems startled but immediately wraps his arms around me. He’s warm from working outside and he smells like my cleaning potion. I stay there for a minute before releasing him and stepping back. 
“Okay, you go get cleaned up. Thanks for your help.” I thank him, trying to act natural. Harry seems a little bewildered as he heads out the front doors, but there’s a bounce to his step and as the doors close I can hear him beginning to hum to himself. It really is very validating to have such an attractive guy always seem so elated from just the smallest gesture from me. Actually, I probably owe Harry a lot more than a hug at this point. Sure, he annoys me sometimes, but he’s been helping me out for weeks. What is he even getting from this relationship? I’m prickly and sarcastic and I come with a whole slew of emotional baggage and trust issues. I’m still trying to figure it out when Harry returns. Sick of contemplating the problem, I just ask him. 
2/3 
Cam 40- Paint and presents 
“Harry, why do you like me? I’m rude and untrusting and I just don’t see why you’re trying so 
hard.” I tell him bluntly. Harry raises an eyebrow. 
“You’re not as awful as you’re making yourself sound. You’re funny and generous, true you trust slowly but you’re also quick to forgive and once you care about someone you put in the work. Your family have been horrible to you lately and you haven’t given up on them. You defend me when people are jerks and you don’t treat me like some dumb piece of arm candy. I could go on but basically what it comes down to is that I’m working so hard because I want your acceptance. If you trusted me right away I wouldn’t believe it anyway because you can’t really trust someone you don’t know. So I’m happy to prove myself until I have your unconditional love too.” He says firmly. Woah, he thought this through a lot more than I expected. I figured he would give me a sentence or two about how I can be nice, or how I’m so capable or some rubbish like that. I don’t know how to respond so I just nod and. Gesture for Harry to set up his stuff in my work room. He complies, apparently unaffected by the heavy atmosphere. He settles in on the floor where he usually sits and I frown. This might be my 
work room, but there’s no reason I can’t make it comfortable for him too. I grab my phone and after a few minutes of scrolling, I place an order for a comfortable looking beanbag to be delivered with same day delivery. I can store it under the work bench when he isn’t using it, but at least he won’t have to sit on the floor anymore. 
Chapter Comments 
凸 4 
###Chapter 284
3/3 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 41- Fire and flukes 
+10% 
Bonus 
08:17 
I finish off my budget proposal and send it off to my co–owner. I THINK that Harry got some of his own work done, but I’m really not sure. After the new bright purple bean bag was delivered by a very confused delivery guy who hinted strongly that he would like to know why a bar needed a beanbag urgently, I’m not sure that Harry got all that much done. He seemed to be distracted taking selfies and texting someone. Probably that group chat of his. Ugh, I don’t want to think about that too much. Him sending updates of every part of our relationship feels almost intrusive, but at the same time it is kind of cute that he’s excitedly texting his friends. I don’t have it in me to be actually upset by it. 
A few days later the budget gets approved. My fabulous co–owner has agreed to pay half the expenses and already sent through the money! I get to work early in the morning to start the first of the decorations. I 
n to make a collection of lanterns using Witches fire, they shouldn’t go out unless I choose to put them out AND they are fairly safe. They’re fueled by magic and my intent so unless I INTEND for them to be dangerous, they won’t be. As it is, I plan to make them so they will immediately go out should the lanterns be knocked over, opened or meddled with in any way. I want them to look magical, not burn the place down. I also plan to make them in a few different colours. It’s easy enough to adjust with the right potions. Today I can make the potion but I won’t be able to finish the potions as I haven’t actually gotten any lanterns yet. I was going to search online later this afternoon and hope that I won’t have to wait months for them to be delivered. My phone chimes and I check it, although I assume it’s Harry. I muted the text conversations from my family and Simon so really he’s the only person who contacts me regularly right now. 
Distraction- Knock knock, delivery! 
Okay… I head to the front and all I can see is a large cardboard box being carried by who I assume is Harry, but the box is so large I can’t actually SEE his face. I unlock the door quickly and let him in. 
“What in the world is in that box?” I ask as he sets it down on one of the tables with a heavy thud and a slight clattering sound. 
“I’m amazing.” Harry declares. I raise an eyebrow. 
“I AM, my friend Amber called me this morning and told me that I should stop by this old 
1/4 
Emergency calls only M 
Cam 41- Fire and flukes 
101 093% 
11:35 
+1 
Bo 
antique store on the other side of town right away. I did as she suggested and… tah dah!” He flips the box open and inside is a set of about ten gorgeous, ornate lanterns. 
“Wow these are perfect!” I can’t help but gush. I want to jump up and down and clap my hands. They’re way better than anything I would have found online. 
“I told you I’m amazing!” Harry preens. I can’t help but tease him a little. 
“Amber… isn’t that your Oracle friend? Shouldn’t she be the one getting the credit for this? I’ll have to thank her.” I grin at him and Harry pouts. 
“I deserve gratitude too! I drove over an hour to pick these up. Besides, you wouldn’t even KNOW about them if I wasn’t such a good friend to Amber!” He whines. I finally give in to my excitement and launch myself at him in a hug. 
“I know, Thankyou Harry! Now we can make the lanterns today. We might even have them. ready in time for tonight!” Harry hugs me tightly and I relax against him. I’ve discovered in the last few days that Harry really does give amazing hugs. It’s like he commits completely to every hug and he never ever lets go first. 
A couple hours later, the potion is completed and Harry is carefully filling the lanterns with it. They’re all laid out on the workbench and I am desperately hoping that I don’t mess them up. Making a potion that creates fire is easy enough, and a spell for fire is also no big deal, but making safe, controlled fire is a much bigger task. The potion base is because I don’t want to have to be constantly charging them with magic and the spell aspect is to shape the fire to my intent. If all goes to plan they will be completely safe, gorgeous and very clearly magical. -lanterns and they should burn nearly indefinitely unless I put them out or they are disturbed 
in which case I will need to reset them and remake the potion. Harry fills the last lantern then sits back. 
08 
“Are we… done?” He asks incredulously. 
‘Very nearly. I just have to cast the actual spell now. Give me a minute, I need to focus.” I answer optimistically. Harry quite literally covers his own mouth with both hands stacked one over the other and I snort out a laugh. Is it really that hard for him to stay quiet for five minutes? I turn my back to Harry, mostly because he is entirely too distracting and I focus on my spell. Five minutes later, the lanterns flicker to life in a burst of colourful sparks. I chose 
2/4 
Cam 41- Fire and flukes 
to make green, pink, purple, blue and naturally coloured lanterns. I’m hoping the colour combination won’t look too silly in the room and will actually just look cool. I complete the spell and stand there in silence for a second. It’s not until I turn to Harry with a huge grin on my face that he removes his hands from his mouth and lets out a huge cheer. 
“You did it!” He says, sounding elated. He picks me up in a hug and spins me around the room, being careful of the bench and other items in the room after I lectured him so much 
last time. 
Bo 
08 
“They turned out perfectly.” I beam at him. Since he picked me up, our heads are actually nearly at the same height for once, and without a single thought or moments hesitation, I link 
my arms around his neck, pull him closer and kiss him. I want to blame the excitement, the heat of the moment or even his magic which I can pretty much always feel simmering through me, but if I am being totally honest, none of those reasons are why I am kissing him. I’m kissing Harry quite simply because I want to. I’ve wanted to kiss him for weeks, and he was just right there in front of me. I want it, he wants it, so what’s the harm? 
Harry lets out a sound of muffled surprise but he doesn’t drop me or pull back. Instead his grip tightens on me and he hitches me up so that I can reach him easier. I kiss him until we’re both breathless then finally pull back. Harry holds me tight against his chest and my feet are nowhere near the floor. Harry is staring at me with a combination of confusion and awe. I push against him and he carefully slides me down his body until I can reach the floor. I shakily take a few steps back and turn away from him to check that the lanterns are undisturbed. I feel Harry step close behind me and he loops his arms around my waist in a loose hug. 
“Not that I’m complaining, but what exactly was the reason for that? I only ask because I’d love a repeat performance and if there is anything I can do to increase my chances I want to know.” He speaks casually, but there’s a seductive edge to his tone and I can feel his breath in my hair. I turn in his arms to face him, blushing red. 
“Would you believe me if I said it was a fluke?” I joke awkwardly. Harry raises an eyebrow and. shakes his head firmly. 
“I might have believes it for the first few seconds, but once we hit the minute mark it started to feel very much intentional.” He grins at me and I groan. I shouldn’t have kissed him first, now he’s going to be impossible! 
3/4 
Cam 41- Fire and flukes 
“You didn’t answer my question.” He presses on. 
“What do I need to do to arrange a repeat? Because I could always-” I reach up, grab his collar, yank him down and press my lips against his in a brief kiss. I release him and push him away from me, needing a little distance. I pick up two of the lanterns to take them out to start placing them around the bar. Harry does the same, seemingly stunned into silence. It’s (not until I’m placing the final lantern when he finds his tongue. 
“I’ve figured it out. I stayed silent and you kissed me, I talk too much and you kiss me again. You’re just kissing me to shut me up.” He declares, although he doesn’t appear all that bothered by the conclusion. I stare at him, daring him to . He holds up his hands in a 
shrug. 
+71 
Bor 
“Hey, I’m all for it. I always have plenty to say so I look forward to you silencing me whenever you like.” He winks at me and I roll my eyes. 
“Harry… Shut up and help me get this place cleaned up. We open in an hour.” 
###Chapter 285
Strings of Fate 
Cam 42- Thrill and torment 
I watch on in delight as a group of young women gush over the magic lanterns. They even take photos to post on their social media. According to them, an unexpected bonus of the unusual lighting is that ‘everyone looks prettier by firelight‘ and I have to say I sort of agree. The lights are bright enough to show off a person’s features, but soft enough that they don’t draw attention to blemishes or bad dye jobs. Any time someone commented on the new decor up at the bar, Harry would loudly declare that this is just the beginning and that there are plenty more magical displays to come. I expected people to be interested but I didn’t realise just how popular the magical decor would be. I mean, it’s basically just rainbow fire. But apparently magic really is even less accessible than I thought these days and even this simple display is enough to keep people captivated. Although I’m sure the draw will wear off eventually. But that’s why I’m planning plenty of other magical decorations plus a few that I can rotate out seasonally and for special events. 
The entire shift goes really well and I’m practically bouncing with glee as I lock up. Even the kitchen staff stopped to chat before heading out.They made sure to complement the new additions and to encourage my efforts. I know not everyone will love this, eventually I’m 
going to get pissed off Witches and grumpy morons who think that magic is evil or whatever who will come by and cause trouble, but even that will eventually pass. I want this place to feel magical, but also comfortable and I want people to see that using magic can be normal. It isn’t something limited to prissy Witches or the very wealthy, or at least it shouldn’t be. This is the exact speech I’m giving to Harry as he walks me home, our fingers intertwined. He is nodding along, agreeing at the correct intervals and being generally attentive. I’m pretty much on top of the world. My day has been just about perfect. I DO kind of wish my family weren’t being so stubborn because I would love to show off my most recent spell to them and -show my appreciation for some of the lessons they taught me over the years. But unless they 
decide to pull their heads out of their asses in the next few minutes I’ll just have to get along without it. I’m fairly sure they would disapprove of the entire venture anyway which was part of the appeal before I started but now I just kind of want them to be as proud of my accomplishment as I am. We reach my door and I don’t realise that I’ve fallen silent until Harry clears his throat, drawing me from my internal dilemma. He’s hovering very close to me and is obviously aiming for another kiss but is unsure if he should initiate one or not. I give him a half smile and lean in closer, resting my free hand against his chest and tugging him. forwards with our joined hands. With permission essentially given, Harry wastes no time in stooping down and kissing me until I’m dizzy. When he finally pulls back, it’s only the smallest amount and he rests his chin on my head holding me in a tight hug. 
1/3 
07: 
Cam 42- Thrill and torment 
“Can I come inside?” He murmurs into my hair and I sigh and force myself to step back. 
“No.” I refuse in what I intend to be a firm response but it comes out as almost wistful. I like Harry, I really like him if I’m being honest. He’s practically everything I would want in a partner. But he is an Incubus. They love a challenge, he might believe he loves me now, but if I sleep with him he will lose interest. If I sleep with him he’s going to leave me and that will be the end of it. Pknow I can’t keep things like this forever, but there’s no need to hurry. anything along. I can enjoy his company and attention for a little while longer. Harry doesn’t argue or to my decision to turn him down and put a little space between us, instead he just says good night and heads on his way. He’s going to have to walk back to the bar and collect his car then drive home. I know he brought it today since he needed it to collect the lanterns. But he didn’t even suggest driving me home, choosing to drag things out and walk. Since I really enjoy holding his hand I didn’t say anything. Still, after all that… I think I need a cold shower, and maybe some chocolate. 
+1 
Bo 
The next week is both blissful and agonising. It’s blissful because I don’t think I’ve ever felt so accomplished and satisfied with my work. We make floating shot glasses, menus that hand. themselves out and any number of other magic themed decorations. I really wish that I could sell some of my magical drinks, but I need a permit to sell anything magical and I need to be part of a coven to get the permit. Still, I can’t help but daydream and plot out increasingly dramatic and impressive magical drinks and cocktails that I can never sell, although that doesn’t stop me from making a few of them anyway and Harry is always willing to test them 
out for me. I’ve even drafted a menu of special drinks I will never get to serve. I could give them away for free occasionally, but that’s not really a great way to make money. Plus I need to be a little more cautious with the magic I give people now that I’m publicly demonstrating spells. The MRO either are or will be aware of the use of magic in my bar. I’m not breaking 
y rules and technically giving away spells isn’t ill 
but I should definitely avoid doing anything too sketchy. My week is blissful because I have breakfast or lunch with Harry almost every day, either stopping somewhere on the way to work or ordering something in while I’m working on the decorations and Harry does his own work. He takes any excuse to kiss me and I continue to respond enthusiastically. The week is agony because every night Harry walks me. home and asks if he can come in and every night I turn him down and kiss him goodnight when all I want is to drag him into my home and make him mine completely. I’m fairly sure that everyone believes that we are already sleeping together. I can’t blame them. Harry is at fairly demonstrative person and who WOULDN’T want to sleep with him? But I just can’t. Because as much as I want him, I want to keep him more and this is the price I pay, although there is an impending sense of dread with each day because I know I’m walking a fine line and it can’t last forever. Harry is patient, more patient than I ever would have believed that 
07 
2/3 
Cam 42- Thrill and torment 
+1 
Bol 
he could be. But there is no way he’s going to be okay with this forever. Even now I’ve noticed 
07 that it takes him a few moments later to let me go each night, a few seconds longer to leave. And every night, I spend a few seconds longer watching him walk away before I head inside. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 286
Cam 43- Love and longing 
It’s my day off and I am lying on the couch and scrolling through the messages Harry has sent me over the last week and fighting the urge to just invite him over. I could ask him out, but I doubt I could resist the urge to invite him home with me afterwards and besides that, he’s been spending all his time with me. Even working in my back room, I doubt he’s totally up to date with his own work. It isn’t fair of me to monopolise all his time. Not to mention he has other friends that he’s probably been neglecting because he spends so much time with me. I know he has lunch plans with Ryann so I should let him be. Everyone says that Harry is the clingy one, following me around and demanding attention, but I’m starting to think that I might be just as bad. One morning away from him and I’m antsy, missing him and his constant presence. Usually Harry is my distraction, but now I need a distraction from thinking about him! Maybe I’m a glutton for punishment, but I open my muted conversation with my mother to see what she’s sent me. If she’s decided to get over her issues then I’ll be thrilled and if not… well at least I’ll be distracted. 
Mum- Cam, when you’re done sulking I would like you to come over for dinner this weekend.. 
Mum- Dinner will be served at six, don’t be late! 
Mum- Cam, are you running late? 
Mum–Dinner is getting cold! We’re waiting for you! 
Mum- This is very immature of you. All I wanted was a nice family dinner and because of you everything is ruined. Your father is very disappointed. He misses you. 
Mum- Would it really have been so difficult to sit through a single meal with Simon? 
Mum–You never really gave him a chance. 
Mum- We only want what’s best for you darling… 
Mum- Look sweetheart, Simon is leaving town and going home at the end of the week. You should at least see him before then. Say goodbye, don’t completely burn that bridge. But if you REALLY don’t want to see him I guess that’s okay. 
1/4 
07 
Cam 43- Love and longing. 
My heart leaps. Is my mother finally giving up and accepting that I am not going to let her just marry me off? I keep reading. The most recent message was sent yesterday. 
Mum- Simon isn’t the ONLY acceptable option. If you come by sometime this week we can talk about some other appropriate choices. There are at least a couple more acceptable prospects, although none who live so close. But you are a talented Witch so they might be willing to relocate. We can still find you a decent husband. 
I don’t understand why she doesn’t see that I have no interest in marrying a stranger. The only man I could imagine spending the rest of my life with is a mouthy Incubus and- woah. I cut off my own thoughts as my brain stalls. Did I seriously just think that? I know I’ve gotten attached to Harry, but to want to spend my life with him… to think that I wouldn’t mind MARRYING him? Incubi don’t DO long term relationships. I couldn’t have chosen a worse man to fall for. But at the same time I don’t think I could have picked a better man either. How the hell am I going to face him now? I love him, I’m in love with him. I have been for a while and I’ve just been denying it. But would it really be so bad to try? As it is, my heart is going to be broken when he leaves either way, I might as well just give it my y all in the meantime. It’s time for me to stop just going along with things and to actually try for what I really want. The first thing I do is message my mother back. 
Cam- Mum, I have told you before and I will tell you again, I am not going to agree to marry some guy that you pick out for me. I actually already have feelings for someone else. You won’t approve of him but I just don’t care. My love life is none of your business. I’m happy and I don’t need your help to find myself a partner. 
+1 
I’m actually furious. Since I’m already pissed off, I decide to just roll with the anger and read my messages from Simon as well. There are literally hundreds of them and the more I scroll the more alarmed I become. I should have looked at this earlier. He is beyond obsessive. He has clearly been stalking me, there are several photos of Harry and I out and about, there are pictures of him kissing me goodnight which have me shuddering realising that all those private moments had a very hostile audience. Simon insults Harry and his messages get more. and more threatening. As I look back through the older messages I find pictures of the vandalism on my bar. Freshly painted. I thought that Simon was too proud to do something. like that but clearly I was wrong. He is proud, too proud to lose a woman he thinks he is entitled to, particularly not to an Incubus. But apparently that pride means he thinks that he is justified in whatever ridiculous behaviour he feels is necessary. The more messages I read with him becoming increasingly threatening and disrespectful the angrier I get. He’s gone too. far, he vandalised my bar and then SENT ME EVIDENCE? Clearly he’s an idiot. I am going to 
Bo 
07 
2/4 
Cam 43- Love and longing 
have to report him to the police. But not tonight, first I need to go talk to Harry. Simon’s idiotic ranting has just made me even more determined to tell Harry how I feel. I’ll go to the police first thing in the morning. I can ask Harry to go with me since he’s seen Simon going off at me before, plus he’s being threatened in these messages just as much as I am. 
Still in a temper, I call Harry. It rings for less than three seconds and he answers quickly. 
“Cam! I didn’t expect you to call. What’s up?” he greets me cheerfully. I hear muffled speech in the background and Harry responds quietly. 
“I’ll tell her.” He turns his attention back to me. 
“Ryann says hi and that she wants to catch up sometime soon and you should text her when you’re free.” I am about to make some generic polite response, but I actually genuinely do want to see her. It would be nice to get to know Harry’s friends a little more. I already know 
that I like them, but the more involved I become in his life, the harder it will be when he 
moves on. But it’s worth a shot: Maybe I’ll get to keep him a little longer with his friend’s 
encouragement. 
“I’ll definitely do that. I’m sorry to interrupt your lunch, but I wanted to know if you wanted to go out for dinner tonight?” My voice tilts up towards the end in a question. Harry is 
weirdly quiet for a moment. Does he not want to go? 
“Harry?” I prompt. 
“Oh sorry! I was just in shock. You’ve never invited ME out before. I’m always the one who calls you. And I thought that you were taking a break from me today.” I never actually TOLD him that I was trying to get some space, but Harry is a lot more observant than people give 
him credit for. 
+1 
Bo 
07 
“Yeah, I did want space, I thought about it and changed my mind. Space is overrated. I want to hang out. So, dinner?” Harry agrees and we make plans to meet up. As I hang up the phone I can hear him basically gushing to Ryann that I asked HIM out. His excitement and honesty make me smile and I know that I’m making the right decision. 
###Chapter 287
Cam 44- Plastic and pleasant 
I shouldn’t be nervous waiting for Harry to finish up with Ryann and come pick me up but I am. I feel like he’s going to take one look at my face and realise I have actual feelings for him and that it will somehow end up a total mess. I mean I’ve felt this way for a while, but now I’m AWARE of it. ? suppose he will figure it out eventually since I’ve decided to actually commit to this relationship properly. I try watching TV but I end up changing shows four times before just turning it off because I don’t actually want to watch. I wash the dishes, reorganise the tupperware cupboard and then I wander aimlessly from room to room like a Sim with all my actions cancelled. It’s not until he arrives, I answer the door and he sweeps 
up into a giant bear hug that my anxiety fades and I remember that I feel comfortable around Harry. The only one causing my anxiety is myself. 
me 
We head to a local, Magic friendly restaurant that neither of us have tried before. I choose to sit in a booth and instead of sitting across from him, I slide into the seat beside Harry where 
I can cuddle up next to him. Harry seems bemused but compliantly slides his arm over my shoulders and tips me against him. A waitress comes to take our orders. 
“Are you and your… uh, friend… ready to order?” She asks politely. I speak up immediately. 
“My boyfriend and I could use another minute to decide, thanks.” I smile back and she nods. 
her understanding and wanders away, promising to return shortly. Harry tilts his head down 
to speak to me quietly. 
“Boyfriend?” he questions softly, a gleam of excitement in his eyes. 
“Yep, unless you take issue with it?” I wait for his answer. He immediately shakes his head. 
“Nope, no issue. Sign me up.” He sounds smug again. Ugh, why is admitting to feelings so DIFFICULT. Maybe I don’t need to say anything. If I just make it clear through my actions that should be good enough. Harry is smart and good with people, he should get the message. 
Dinner goes well, I tell Harry about the messages my mother sent me and he very animatedly explains literally the entire plot of the movie he watched with Ryann. I no longer need to actually see the movie because I’m fairly sure I could quote half of it now and I doubt any male actor could sound as good saying those lines as Harry does. If he wanted to I am sure he could have a very successful career as an actor. Although I’m sort of glad that’s not what he 
1/3 
07 
Cam 44- Plastic and pleasant 
wants because if he was famous I could only imagine the amount of attention he would get and I don’t need that kind of competition. We’ve finished eating and are just sort of sitting. there trying not to slip into a food coma since we aren’t quite ready to move when my phone. rings. A glance at the caller ID shows that it’s my mum calling. I must have accidentally unmuted her calls when I was going through her messages earlier. Oops. I doubt she has anything reasonable to say, not after the message I sent her earlier. I glare at the phone and 
sigh. 
“Nope, this is not cool. You were in such a good mood and I refuse to let anyone ruin it.” Before I can respond, Harry plucks my phone out of my fingers and swipes to answer the call. 
+1 
“Good evening, this is Cam’s phone, Harrison speaking. Can I help you?” He says pleasantly and I suck in a breath so fast that I choke on air. I move as close to Harry as I can to try and 
hear what my mother is saying to him, but I can’t hear a thing and unless I climb into his lap, 
I can’t get any closer, although I seriously contemplate trying it. 
“Yes, I understand that you want to talk to your daughter, but she doesn’t particularly want to talk to you right now so you will have to make do with me. If you have a message for her and it won’t piss her off then I might let her know.” His tone is still obnoxiously pleasant. 
Like the customer service voice that I save for customers who especially test my patience. 
“Oh, well I’m sorry that you are unhappy speaking with me, but if you want a relationship with your daughter I’m part of the deal these days and I have no intention of changing that so I suggest you get used to the idea. Cam is already spoken for, she is successful and has friends who will help her out if she gets into trouble so you really have nothing to offer her. If you want to be involved in her life going forward, I suggest you seriously reconsider how you treat her.” He says boldly and still oh so politely. Like he is just speaking a fact,, describing a product or telling some guy that it’s after the last call, not telling my mother that her daughter doesn’t need her. I can catch a few random words as my mother raises her voice, berating Harry and demanding to speak to me. Without another word, Harry ends the call and switches my phone to silent. I can’t help but stare at him in awe. I might be able to text something like that to my mum but I could never manage a speech like that out loud, not to her or anyone else. I crave approval too much. It really is impressive how he just doesn’t care what anyone thinks of him, or maybe just doesn’t care what strangers think of him. I could be annoyed at him for answering my phone and basically insulting my mother, but mostly I’m just full of admiration for him for telling her everything I can’t. Suddenly this restaurant feels way too public. I want to show Harry exactly how appreciative I am and there 
are just way too many people here. 
Bo 
07 
2/3 
Cam 44- Plastic and pleasant 
“Harry, will you take me home please?” I ask, trying not to blush. I’m usually fairly bossy but embarrassment is making me shy. Harry frowns and sighs sadly. 
“If that’s what you want. It is pretty early though. Are you sure you want to end the evening already? Because I don’t” He stares at me beseechingly, flipping my phone over and over between his fingers in a way I could never manage. 
“The evening doesn’t have to end. But I still want you to take me home. Then maybe you could… stay for a little bit?” I suggest awkwardly. Harry bolts upright and meets my eyes, examining my face closely to confirm that I meant the offer implied in my invitation. I meet his gaze and smile shyly. Without a moment’s hesitation Harry is on his feet, holding out a hand to help me from my seat. He’s so eager to leave that I have to remind him we haven’t paid for our meals yet. He practically throws his card at the young lady working the register and I give her an apologetic smile when he snatches it from her outstretched hand as she returns it. Faster than I would have ever thought possible, I’m in the car and we’re speeding 
our way back to my home. 
+1 
Bo 
###Chapter 288
Cam 45- Preoccupied and prepared 
Harry pulls up in front of my home and I’m doing my best not to shake and bounce my knee due to nervous excitement. I’m pushing the door open and getting out of the seat before. Harry even has the parking brake on because I don’t think I can sit still for another second. I wait awkwardly by the car as Harry gets out to join me. He immediately winds his fingers through mine and tugs me closer to him. We walk up to the doorstep, and as is our tradition, 
we pause. 
“So, Cam. Can I come in?” Harry asks. His tone is joking, I mean I’ve already invited him. inside. But there is a seriousness in his expression that tells me he does still mean it. He’s giving me a chance to change my mind and send him home. But I have no intention of doing that. To answer his question, I place a hand on his shoulder and tug him down towards me while going up on my toes. I have to basically lean all my weight on him because I’m reaching up so high and I’m totally off balance, but it’s worth it because now I can kiss him. My lips are just reaching his when he suddenly jerks away from me. What the hell? I’m frozen in shock for a moment as my brain takes in the situation. Harry didn’t pull away from me, he was yanked away from me by Simon grabbing the back of his collar and pulling him down the few steps leading up to my door. Harry is on the ground looking stunned and Simon stumbles after him, probably not actually prepared for the weight of the guy he basically pulled down. on himself in his rage. 
“What the hell are you doing?!” I scream. 
“I’m saving you from this demon.” Simon snarls back, still approaching Harry. I rush after 
him and grab his arm. 
“Are you insane? Do I look like I need saving? Because I can assure you I don’t!” I tug on Simon’s arm, trying to keep him from attacking Harry again and giving Harry a chance to lurch to his feet, although he looks a little stiff from his collision with the cement. At least he 
didn’t hit his head, th 
would have been really bad. 
“You don’t know that you need saving because this monster is manipulating you. You’re a woman so you’re weak to his evil magic.” Simon pulls his arm away from me and roughly shoves me back, I stumble on the steps and land on my ass right by my front door. I’m tiny so I basically go flying straight into it. Ouch! 
1/3 
07 
Cam 45- Preoccupied and prepared 
“You are actually insane! Harry isn’t manipulating me!” I scream the words. Harry shoves himself in between me and Simon, keeping his back to me so that it isn’t facing Simon again. I can’t believe I didn’t notice the asshole hanging around, although I suppose I WAS a little preoccupied. I should have gone to the police today rather than wait, and I should have warned Harry to be on his guard. But I didn’t think that Simon would ATTACK him. There’s a big difference between spray painting a building or taking a few photos and physically trying 
to hurt someone. 
“Don’t you dare touch her.” Harry says darkly, glaring at Simon. Shit this is not good. I don’t want Harry to get hurt. Why didn’t I call the police earlier? Why didn’t I bring a single defensive potion with me? I’m such an idiot. I could try a spell but my concentration is completely shot so there’s no telling how it would turn out and I don’t want to risk hurting Harry with out of control magic. Simon takes a step closer and Harry tenses up. 
“Let the girl go. Release her from your magic demon!” Simon demands. Harry tilts his head in confusion. 
“I’m not a demon, I’m an Incubus, that’s a totally different species. And why the hell are you so convinced that I’m using magic on her?” He questions. His tone is oddly calm, totally different from the dark tone he had a moment ago. What is going on? I start to feel a trickle of Harry’s magic rolling through me, but not the usual lust or excitement I usually get from him. This is more like… fear? But not quite. Stress? Is stress even an emotion? Either way the magic is making me feel stressed. Is he trying to make Simon MORE agitated? Why the hell would he do that? Or is he doing it by accident somehow? I really need to ask Harry more about how his magic works. I know he can manipulate emotions, but I thought it was mostly related to lust and other physical things. Either way, the magic is having a clear impact on Simon. He breaks out in a sweat and his eyes start darting around nervously. It’s like he’s lost. the determined focus he had when he got here. He’s realised that he’s just one guy and that Harry isn’t just going to stand there and take it, or just hand me over without a fight. For a moment, it looks like he might even back down. Then without warning, Simon launches himself at Harry, arm swinging wide in a punch, screaming out as he attacks. I cringe, hoping Harry doesn’t get hurt. To my complete and utter shock, Harry sidesteps the swing and without pausing, twists around, grabs Simon’s arm and in a clearly practised and oddly. graceful selection of twisting and turning movements, Harry pulls Simon’s arm in a way that causes him to overextend it. Simon immediately moves his weight, trying to escape the pain and Harry twists him around again, grabbing him by the wrist and elbow and using his own weight to shove Simon face first into the cement. Simon fights for a moment, but Harry drops. his weight onto Simon’s back and twists his arm up behind him. Simon freezes, clearly in 
+10 
Bon 
07: 
2/3 
Cam 45- Preoccupied and prepared 
+1 
Boi 
pain. After a moment longer Simon goes slack, no longer fighting although he does continue 07 
to spit out insults and threats. He also spits out blood, I think his nose might be broken from his collision with the ground. Serves him right. 
I’m just staring at Harry, totally stunned. 
“Hey Cam? I know you’re a bit freaked out. But could you do me a favour and call the police. I can’t hold him here all night.” Harry says in a voice I would usually use to soothe a crying child. But I’m fine… Aren’t I? It’s his words that make me realise I am breathing very quickly 
and I feel a little light headed. What was I meant to be doing? Right. The police. With shaking hands I pull my phone out and call the emergency line. The operator promises to send someone out and I flinch when Simon yelps loudly as he tries to escape Harry’s hold and Harry twists his arm further up his back. The wait for the police is long and quiet. In the movies they turn up right away, sirens blazing, lights flashing. In reality, it takes about ten minutes for anyone to turn up. The car pulls up quietly on the street and two uniformed. officers approach us. I take a deep breath to steady myself. There are a million things I should 
be worrying about, but all I can think is that my plans for the evening are completely ruined. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 289
Cam 46 -Charges and changes 
The first thing the police do is have Harry release Simon and they put Simon in handcuffs. The moment he is no longer needed to restrain Simon, Harry is at my side and pulling me into his arms in a tight hug. I immediately melt into his hold but only for a few seconds. before I shove him away and begin checking him for injuries. He took a pretty nasty fall at the start there when Simon surprised us. 
“Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?” I worry, poking and prodding at Harry’s arms and trying to step behind him to get a better look at his back. Harry steps around me, places his hands on the sides of my shoulders and pulls me around to face him. 
“Relax, I’m fine. Nothing worse than a few bruises. If I didn’t know better I’d think you were angling to get a look at my ass.” He winks at me and I glare. 
“This isn’t funny!” I , crossing my arms over my chest. Harry sighs. 
“I know, but I really am fine.” He promises. I narrow my eyes and examine his face, searching for any sign of pain or hint that he might be lying but he does seem totally okay. I reluctantly give up my examination. 
With Simon loaded into the back seat of the police car and locked in, the police come to talk 
to us. 
“Why don’t you tell us what happened here exactly.” The older of the two ask. He’s a kindly looking gentleman and I have no trouble talking to him and explaining that Simon is a friend. of my grandmother and their attempts at setting us up and my ultimately‘ rejecting him. It explain that he’s been messaging me and I suspect stalking me and the messages have been getting increasingly aggressive. 
“I was just at the point of going to the police when this happened. Harry and I were out at dinner and he took me home, we were on the doorstep and Simon just showed up and began to attack Harry, he was ranting about how Harry is manipulating me and that I’m not in my right mind. He pushed me, but he was mostly attacking Harry. Then Harry just… well honestly I’m not sure what happened exactly but Harry did something with his magic, then while Simon was distracted he totally kicked his ass.” I turn to Harry. 
1/4 
you ulu that.” I tell him, my tone a clear question. The police turn to him expectantly, waiting for him to explain himself further. Harry shrugs. 
“Well, as Cam said, the creep showed up and yanked me off the steps, throwing me to the floor. He continued to try to assault me. I blasted my magic as much as I could to distract him, then I took him down and pinned him while he was distracted.” He says it like it was some simple task. The cops seem just as confused by the whole situation as I am. 
“You distracted some guy with… sex magic?” The younger cop asks, his tone doubtful. Harry shakes his head, 
“Nah, unless he was already into men I couldn’t make him feel lust. But I can push other emotions sometimes. In this case I dosed him with anxiety and anticipation. I was kind of hoping the combination would make him back down and leave us be, but sadly that didn’t work out. But the magic did still throw off his focus and made it easier to pin him.” He explains. 
“Yeah, about that. Since when do you have ninja skills?” I demand. Harry laughs. 
“I’m hardly a ninja, but I can hold my own in a fight.” He answers casually. I roll my eyes. 
“I just can’t believe it. I never would have guessed.” I press on. Harry tilts his head curiously. 
“Why not?” He questions. I raise an eyebrow, isn’t an obvious? 
Bor 
07: 
“Because you always seemed like the epitome of the phrase ‘lover not a fighter‘. Why do you even know how to fight?” I just want to understand what the hell just happened. My entire view of Harry is tilting. Harry laughs at my confusion. 
“You know I never understood that saying. As far as I can tell, lovers are the ones who need to fight the most, or at least have the most to fight for. As for why I learned… the dingbat is not the first man to randomly accuse me of stealing his girl and try taking a swing at me. It’s stupid, it’s not like women are come commodity that I can steal away. Regardless, I can take care of myself when it comes to jealous idiots. At least the regular ones. I wouldn’t want to take on a Shifter or any of the other more athletic species.” He adds at the end. He stares into the distance like he’s trying to work out exactly which groups of people he COULD take in a fight. Actually I’m almost certain that is what he’s thinking. The police officers continue to 
2/4 
Cam 46 -Charges and changes 
take notes, meanwhile Simon is literally banging on the car window and yelling something, but the sound is too muffled by the closed car door for me to make it out properly. The younger cop glances back and rolls his eyes. He clearly doesn’t have as much practice at pretending to be professional as his partner does. The older cop stays on topic. 
“You say he’s been sending you messages and that this is not your first altercation with him? I am going to have to ask you to come down to the station and give a full statement. Bring your phone and any messages or other evidence you have. We will want copies. Basically anything you have that shows your interactions with him or about him should help. That is assuming you plan to press charges.” He waits for me to confirm. 
“I definitely want to press charges for stalking, vandalism and assault. Harry should too, right Harry?” I tug on his arm and he nods. 
“Sure. I won’t be in trouble for restraining him, will I? I don’t think I hurt him badly, but his shoulder might end up a little sore and he might have broken his nose when he hit the ground.” Harry frowns, as if disappointed that he somehow messed up and hurt the guy. I roll my eyes. Simon deserves a broken nose and much worse as far as I’m concerned. The cops 
wave off Harry’s concern. 
“Your girlfriend here is a witness that you were just defending yourself and her, and if she also has the messages she says she does then I am sure there won’t be any trouble.” He assures us. I jolt in surprise at being called Harry’s girlfriend, but that’s what I am I suppose. 
It’s going to take some getting used to. 
The police leave, carting Simon off with them and after a quick trip inside to use the bathroom and to have a glass of water to steady my nerves. Harry drives us both to the station where we spend the next three and a half hours detailing our every interaction with. Simon, writing it all down, signing it. I hand over my phone and some guy makes copies of all the messages from Simon as well as the messages from my mother and grandmother. Apparently they might be relevant too although I’m not really sure why. By the time Harry drives me home it is stupidly late and we are both completely exhausted. My plans for the evening are definitely completely ruined. Not to mention I still have work tomorrow. I think Harry is meant to be working too. I’m starting to suspect that he does a lot of his work at night because there is no way he actually gets everything done in the few hours he works. during the day. One day I’m going to figure out his schedule. It would probably help if I knew more than the bare minimum about what he actually does and his life outside of his time with me. As I’m drifting off to sleep, I promise myself that starting tomorrow I am going to 
+1 
Boi 
07 
3/4 
Cam 46 -Charges and changes 
put as much effort into getting to know Harry as he has put into getting to know me. Maybe 
can take a turn annoying him at work for once. Either way, Simon is out of the way and things can only get better from here. 
###Chapter 290
Strings of Fate 
Cam 47- Plans and pleas 
+1 
Bo 
The shrill sound of my alarm wakes me up in the morning. Although it’s only just morning. since I set the alarm pretty late due to my late night at the police station. I drag myself out of bed and stumble out to the kitchen. I. NEED. COFFEE. I have the machine heating up when Harry’s voice calls out sleepily from the living room 
“Are you making coffee? Can I get in on that too please?” His voice is hoarse and a little lower than usual. Shocked, I dart into the living room to find Harry sprawled out on my couch. He sits up with a groan, rubbing at his back which I’m betting is sore from his fall last night. 
“When did you get here?” I ask, my mind not processing the scene in front of me. Harry runs a hand through his sleep ruffled hair and stares at me like I’m crazy. 
“All night? You INSISTED that it was too late for me to drive home and that I should stay over. Then you went to change into your pyjamas and never came back. I checked in on your and you were totally out so I just made myself comfortable on your couch. I did go through. your cupboards to find a blanket, I hope you don’t mind.” He smiles at me tiredly and I try to remember getting home last night. I do vaguely remember telling Harry that he would fall asleep at the wheel if he tried to drive any further. I’m fairly sure at the time I meant to invite him to share my bed but apparently I didn’t make it 
“Sorry, I’m a terrible host. I didn’t mean to fall asle at far. Oops. I flush red. 
I’ll get us both some coffee.” I excuse 
myself to the kitchen so that I can hide my embarrassment a little. When I return two minutes later, I’m armed with two large cups of coffee and a smile that is only a little bit forced. Harry downs his coffee so fast you would think he is dying of thirst and it is the only thing available to keep him from literally dying. That or he’s just half as tired as I am. drink our coffee in silence. When we both place our empty mugs on the table, I break the 
silence. 
06 
“Thankyou for last night. I’m sorry I got you dragged into the drama with Simon. I 
I really didn’t realise he was THAT crazy. If I knew, I would have called the police way sooner.” I sigh and Harry nudges me with his elbow before draping his arm over me and tipping me against 
his side. 
“Don’t be silly. None of that was your fault. And if some crazy guy is after you, I would much 
1/4 
Cam 47- Plans and pleas 
rather be there so I can try to keep you safe. I know you can take care of yourself, I definitely don’t intend to imply otherwise. But… I’m not the type of person that people rely on. I’m finding I quite en 
it and I hope this incident won’t change that.” He speaks casually but I know he’s just trying to hide how serious he really is. I feel the constant warm feeling of Harry’s magic flowing through me and I relax further into his side. 
“I’m not sure I could stop, even if I wanted to.” 
+10 
Воп 
06: 
Harry offers to drive me to work, but I need a little time to myself so I encourage him to head home, take a nap, have a shower, get some work done, whatever. I’ll see him later tonight when he comes into the bar. I take some time to shower, wash my hair and generally get myself cleaned up. I drink two more coffees, and by the time I leave for work I feel far more like myself. I’m not early for once, I’m just right on time. Cora is already here setting up and I can hear voices in the kitchen. The lanterns are flickering with their magical flames and the place looks great. I feel energised and more optimistic than I have in a long time. My business is going to be a success, Simon won’t be a problem anymore and not only do I love Harry, but I’m fairly sure I’m ready to tell him. Part of me wants to just call him and blurt it out, but he’s been waiting for me to admit it to myself and him for months now. Surely I can think of something a little more special. I decide that it’s time to figure out Harry’s perfect drink. I’ve given him hundreds of drinks and he always claims to enjoy them, even the awful ones because apparently he sees my messing with him as a sign of affection. I’m a little offended that he turned out to be right. Wait, does that mean I should try to make a drink het will love or one that he will hate because he will know it means I care? Maybe this whole. thing is a terrible idea. Still, I want to go through with it. Maybe I can combine the ideas. Layered drinks are a thing. Maybe I can make one that has one of the awful drinks, or a spelled drink to start with then changes to a good drink? That would be kind of poetic. I’m scribbling drink ideas down on a napkin as Cora serves the first few customers of the evening. Once they have their drinks and they’re happy, Cora approaches me, a suspicious look on her 
face. 
“Okay, spill. Something is up with you. You’re all daydreamy and you’re barely even noticing. the customers. She points out. 
“Oh, sorry. I didn’t mean to leave all the work to you.” I apologise. Cora waves her hand 
dismissively. 
“I don’t care about that. You work plenty hard enough. I want to know what’s got you so distracted. Usually you’re a total workaholic.” She raises an eyebrow and I shrug. 
2/4 
Cam 47- Plans and pleas 
“I had a long night and it made me realise a few things. I can’t say it was a good evening, but it was eye opening.” I tell her vaguely. 
+1 
“Oh?” She waits for me to elaborate. I COULD tell her about my feelings for Harry, but I really 
want to tell him first. I decide to tell her my other news. 
“Simon, that creep who was harassing me, he attacked me last night. He’s been arrested and he shouldn’t be a problem anymore.” I give in way of explanation. Cora throws herself at me. in an unexpected hug. 
“I’m so happy for you! I was so worried.” She pauses before continuing in a lower voice, 
sounding a little hesitant. 
“Does that mean you won’t be dating Harry anymore?” She asks. 
“Huh?” I answer dumbly. Cora shrugs. 
“Well, you told me that you were only dating him to get rid of the creep. If Simon is in jail, you don’t really need to keep dating him. Do you?” She points out. I frown. I hadn’t even considered ending things with Harry. The relationship hasn’t been fake in a long time, if it ever was. I need to tell her I care for him after all. Although based on the sad expression she’s giving me, I suspect that she won’t be bothered or surprised by the admission. 
“I did say that, but 1-” I cut myself off mid sentence when I realise Harry is standing frozen in the middle of the room. He looks… betrayed. Devastated even. Shit. I need to explain myself. That sounded really terrible. It WAS really terrible. I never should have told Cora the relationship is fake. That was the real lie. Wordlessly, Harry spins on the spot and begins to make his way to the door. In a panic, I chase after him, delayed slightly by having to make my 
around the bar first. I catch up to him in the carpark. 
way 
“Wait, please. I need to talk to you.” My words are a plea. For a second, I don’t think Harry is going to listen. Then with a deep sigh, he turns to face me and the look on his face hurts more than any biting comment my mother has ever made. I feel lower than dirt. I have not treated Harry the way he deserves and unless I can find the words to make it right, then it is about to come back and bite me on the ass. 
Bo 
06 
3/4 
###Chapter 291
Strings of Fate 
Cam 48- Guilt and goals 
+10% 
Bonus 
06:33 
I try to think of the right thing to say to fix this. Should I just tell him that I love him? Would that even fix anything or just make it worse. I don’t think loving someone is a magical band aid that will make up for treating them poorly. I have seriously screwed this up. Harry is just so easy to get along with and so accepting, it’s hard to see sometimes that there are actually things that hurt his feelings. He might be a demonstrative person, and he’s been honest about his own feelings from day one, but for the most part, he hides how things bother him. He walks around pretending not to care about the assumptions people make about him or the things people say and sometimes I bet he convinces even himself that he doesn’t mind it. But he DOES have feelings and I have just trampled all over them. 
“Harry… What you heard us saying… I didn’t mean it the way it sounded. I didn’t mean it at all.” I awkwardly force out. Harry scoffs angrily. 
“You mean you weren’t using me to drive Simon away?” he demands. 
“Well… I was, but it wasn’t JUST that. You knew about my problem with Simon. You even. went along with it at first!” I point out, referring to when he initially told Simon that he and I are together. 
“That was fake and we BOTH knew it. This… You let me think it was real. Think that I had something real for the first time in my life. But I guess I was the only one who thought that.” He scoffs the words and turns to leave again.. 
“It WAS real. I didn’t mean to lie.” I call after him desperately. Harry pauses and without turning back to me, sighs. 
“So either it was all fake and you never cared, or it was real and you were so ashamed of it that you couldn’t even admit it to your friend. Is that supposed to make me feel better?” He asks bitterly. He’s on a roll now and keeps talking, whirling back to face me again. 
“You know, I was trying so hard. I didn’t want to be dishonest about my feelings or cause any confusion. I didn’t want to make the same mistake that Ryann did and be so scared of my future that I hurt someone. But now I see I’m far more like Simon. I got carried away with my own feelings and didn’t stop to actually confirm that the girl likes me before forcing my affection and company on her. You’ve implied many times that I’m someone who uses women 
1/4 
Cam 48- Guilt and goals 
for my own purposes. I didn’t realise you really believed that. But you know what, you are such a hypocrite. At least the women I slept with knew what to expect from me. Meanwhile 
you cruelly led me along and used me. I’ve been honest from the start, I’ve NEVER manipulated you.” He snarls the final words. Even now, I can feel a wave of his magic rolling through me. It makes my blood boil and my temper rise. 
“Are you JOKING? You manipulate me all the time! You’re doing it right now! Your magic is as constant as you are. I wanted to dismiss it, but how can I trust that? With your magic, you could have ANYONE so why would I believe you would want to waste your time with me?” I’m crying. When did I start crying? Why am I yelling? I wanted to make up with Harry, not yell at him. I didn’t realise I was so angry about his magic, I thought that I had accepted it. It seems like I haven’t really. Still, I immediately regret my words. I’m about to say something, take it back. Apologise. I don’t know. But before I get the chance, Harry responds, his voice 
quiet. 
“Clearly you think nothing of me and you have no idea how my magic even works, not that 
you would know. You never asked. That should have clued me in earlier to how little you care. 
I’m the only one who ever asked questions. I’m done wasting my time with this. You claim I’m all about manipulation and physical relationships. But who would know the difference 
between lust and actual emotion better than an Incubus? But it doesn’t matter. You don’t 
trust me and you never will. I’m done.” Without another word, he turns and walks away into 
the dark streets. I stare after him. I want to stop him, but I feel like anything I : will make it worse. He’s partially right. I didn’t trust him completely. With my safety yes, but with my heart? My happiness? I’ve been waiting for this to end from day one and yet now 
that it has I’m struggling to believe it. 
I stand in the carpark staring after him and shivering in the cool night air until Cora approaches me and gently drops a hand on my shoulder. 
“Cam? Maybe you should head home. I don’t think you can work like this. I can close up tonight.” She says gently, her voice full of sympathy. I nod mindlessly. I don’t want to work right now anyway. I’m not sure I want to go home either, but I have to do SOMETHING. 
“Okay, thanks.” I tell her in a monotone. I’m about to leave but Cora catches my hand, squeezing my fingers tightly. 
“I’m sorry I said what I said. I should have thought it through.” She apologies. I shake my head and sigh. 
+11 
Вог 
06: 
2/4 
“I’m the one who said it in the first place. Do you… uu you um … over this?” I ask, not sure what I want her to say. Cora shakes her head. 
3 
“No, he was good to you…And… for hat it’s worth… I haven’t felt a hint of Harry’s magic in months. Not since he first became interested in you.” She admits softly. My eyes widen. I assumed that everyone was getting hit with his magic. I thought I was getting it worse purely because of the amount of time we’ve been spending together. But Cora hasn’t been feeling it at all? I really need to learn more about how Incubus magic works. I’m an idiot for not asking someone sooner. That, at very least, is something I can do. I can learn more about Incubi. I don’t know if Harry will give me another chance, but if he does, I won’t make the same mistake again. Determined to find a way to fix things, I head home. The walk feels longer than usual and I know why. I spend the walk thinking about exactly what it is I did wrong so that I can try to make it right. I never REALLY gave Harry a chance. I told myself I was, and I was dating him, but it was under the assumption that it would end and that it would never really go anywhere. I had one foot out the door from the start. He isn’t wrong, I WAS kind of using him, even though I told myself he would be okay with it I knew it wasn’t right or fair to 
to see him. Harry was also right that I haven’t put in the work to get to know him. He comes to me, my home, my work, he chose dates and activities based on what I would enjoy doing. We discussed my family issues, my magic and my goals for the future. I complained about his magic, but he’s never done a single thing without my express consent. Never kissed me, pushed anything on me. Even when it came to my relationship with my family he has never came to my relationship with my family he has never pressured me or tried to force his opinion on me. Sure, he teases me a lot, but it’s basically a game at this point and I don’t think I want him to stop. I had a very serious childhood and just being around Harry has shown me more ways I can enjoy life and not take myself too seriously. I make a list of what I need to do. 
1- Learn about Harry’s magic. 
2- Apologise to Harry properly. 
3- Confess my feelings properly. 
4- Put more effort into getting to know Harry. 
5- Stop thinking about our relationship as temporary. 
Now if only I had any idea how to accomplish any of these things. 
never 
###Chapter 292
Cam 49- Distressed and determined 
+10% Bonus 
06:16 
I don’t sleep much. I stay up most of the night trying to figure out how to make things right. with Harry. I don’t get too far but I do at least form the first step of the plan, one that I’m hoping will lead to more plans later on. I’m going to call Ryann and ask to meet up with her. Hopefully Harry hasn’t told her to ditch me or something. I suspect that if he did she would do as he asked, but I don’t think he would. My tentative friendship with Ryann hasn’t really had much to do with him, at least not until now. I’m hoping that she can fill me in a little on Incubus magic and maybe a little more about Harry in general. If I’m really lucky she will have some idea on how I can get him to talk to me. Right now I’m just kind of hoping that if I give him a bit of time to cool off, he’ll take my call. Or even better, turn up to talk to me in person. Ryann might be able to give me his address, but turning up at his home uninvited feels like crossing a line. I practically leap out of bed with far more energy than I’d usually have in the morning and grab my phone. I want to call Ryann first thing. I’m hoping she might have some free time to see me today. I’m not particularly shocked to find that I have about five missed calls from my mother and several text messages. She’s probably pissed that I got Simon arrested. Although realistically he got himself arrested. I was the victim. With a sigh, I open the text conversation. 
Mum- Cam, I just heard what happened with Simon. Can you call me please? 
Mum- I know you’re unhappy with me but I would really like to talk to you. Please call me 
back. 
Mum- I didn’t know that Simon would go so far. Please let me talk to you. 
The messages continue along the same line. They are a little different to usual though. My mother doesn’t say anything to imply the issue was my fault and she doesn’t say anything to insult me or make me feel guilty. I know the definition of insanity is repeating the same action and expecting different results, but her messages seem a little different, and since the other option is to cut her off entirely I’m willing to risk listening to some more lectures and insults if there’s even the slightest chance that she might have changed her mind. I make myself a coffee for emotional support, then I call my mother back. 
“Hello? Cam?” She sounds a little desperate. 
…Hi mum.” I greet her quietly. She is silent for a moment, seemingly searching for the right 
1/4 
Cam 49- Distressed and determined 
thing to say. Suddenly she bursts into tears. 
“I’m so sorry darling!” She says between gasping breaths. I sit, completely stunned. I thought she might be willing to have an actual mature conversation, I didn’t expect an apology. I’m scared to hope so I’m cautious when I respond. 
“What exactly are you sorry for?” I ask for clarification. She deep breaths and 
takes a fo manages to get her sobs under control, although she still sounds a little choked up when she 
answers. 
+11 
“I’m sorry for trying to force Simon on you. I should have listened when you said he wasn’t a good man. The police contacted us about our interactions with him. He was claiming that we asked him to save you from the Incubus and that he hadn’t done anything wrong. The police told us that he’s been stalking you, that he attacked you and… your friend. I swear we never thought he would do anything like that. We encouraged him to pursue a relationship with you and not to give up so easily. But we never would have wanted him to hurt you. Are you really okay? The police assured me that you were, but I just needed to know for sure, and then you didn’t answer the phone…” My mum sounds absolutely devastated and genuinely apologetic. It’s pretty much everything I wanted to hear from her. I’m still cautious, but my heart is racing with excitement. She still has a long way to go if she wants me to completely forgive her, I mean she tried to use a love potion on me and has basically trashed all my life choices. for a few years now. But this is a start. She’s willing to acknowledge that she made 
le mistakes. 
“Wh… what about grandma? What does she think of all this?” I ask. Mum takes a couple 
minutes to answer. 
Bor 
06 
“She thinks that your Incubus did something to you and that Simon was trying to protect you. She doesn’t know I’m calling. I’ll try to talk to her about it though. I promise.” She 
assures me. 
“And you don’t think Harry is manipulating me?” I ask. My mum laughs.. 
“Honey, you’re many things, but you’re no idiot. I raised you to be independent, and that’s what you are. I doubt any Incubus would be capable of manipulating you without your knowledge. You are MY daughter and a very talented Witch. I’ve taught you better than to allow yourself to be controlled by some Incubus. I can’t say that I particularly approve of your choice, but I know that being with the Incubus is absolutely your choice.” She says firmly. 
2/4 
Cam 49- Distressed and determined 
That’s it, I’m done for. I burst into tears. 
“Honey? What’s wrong?” My mum asks, very alarmed. She sounds exactly like she always has when I’ve been upset and I answer without thinking. 
“Harry and I had a fight last night and we broke up.” I admit. My mum immediately starts in 
on a rant. 
“I knew that boy was no good, too pretty he is. What happened? Did he cheat on you? He is an Incubus so I wouldn’t be surprised I bet he-” I cut her off. 
“Mum no! I’m the one who screwed up. He didn’t do anything wrong. It’s hard to explain but I messed up and it was entirely, one hundred percent my fault.” I say, leaving no room for 
argument. 
“Right… but you regret it. You want him back?” Mum asks Slow 
“Definitely.” I respond quickly with no hesitation. 
“Then you’ll go get him back. You know what you want so go figure out how to get it. I can’t say I understand or that I think this is a good idea, but as this whole debacle with Simon proved, I’m not as good a judge of character as I thought I was. Personally I worry that this is a mistake… But I know it’s your mistake to make and I will do what I should have done from 
the beginning and I’ll support you. I suppose I forgot for a while that as your mother my job is to teach you to run your life, not to try to run it for you. So go get your Incubus back and… Maybe we could talk again soon?” She asks warily.. 
“You know everything isn’t all great between us, but I’m willing to work on it. Maybe you could call me tomorrow?” I offer. Mum jumps on the offer and we arrange a time to talk 
before my shift at work tomorrow. I’m cautiously excited. Mum’s acceptance means a lot to me. I’d love it if she could come and see my bar sometime. I don’t think I could ever be part of my family’s coven again. My trust is too broken for that. But I’m not ruling out having an actual relationship with my mother at the very least. 
I make my call to Ryann and I’m both surprised and pleased when she answers right away. She offers to meet up in an hour and we agree to meet at my bar. It won’t be open for ages yet, but that just means we can have a little privacy. I frantically skull my coffee and shower 
+1 
Bo 
06 
3/4 
Cam 49- Distressed and determined. 
+1 
Во 
as fast as I can so I can get to the bar to meet them. After talking to my mum I’m feeling more determined than ever. I know I love Harry, he’s angry right now but I’m pretty sure he still loves me. I just have to figure out a way to earn his forgiveness and meeting Ryann is the first stage in that plan. 
06 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 293
4/4 
Strings of Fate 
Cam 50- Requests and research 
+10% 
Bonus 
05:48 
I make it to the bar in under thirty minutes and spend the next half hour anxiously cleaning the already immaculate bar. Cora did a great job closing last night, the place is exactly how I like it. I’m going to have to make it up to her. Honestly I think I need to hire another bartender, we’re getting more and more busy. I should really give her a raise or a promotion or something. She’s more than earned it. I end up sitting on the customer side of the bar and I basically stare at the front door while I swing and kick my legs anxiously. Finally, Ryann arrives, but she’s not alone. She has three people with her. Megan, Darrien and Aaron. Shit, how am I going to have a proper private conversation with her in front of all of them? I left the front door open so they let themselves in. Darrien greets me with a small smile and Aaron nods. The two women are a little less friendly. Megan raises an eyebrow at me and 
Ryann crosses her arms over her chest. 
“Well?” She says expectantly and I sigh. 
“I suppose you want an explanation for why I would call Harry’s best friend over the day after he essentially dumped me.” I answer flatly. 
“Pretty much, yeah.” Megan chimes in. My eyes dart to the guys nervously. Darrien is nice but Aaron intimidates me a little, he’s so big and quiet. It makes him kind of unapproachable. 
“Uh… is there any chance we can have this talk in private?” I ask weakly. Ryann shrugs and Megan laughs. 
“There’s no point. They’ll know everything we talk about sooner or later. Besides, Harry sent a LONG and detailed message to the group chat last night and pretty much every hour since then so I doubt there’s much you can say that we haven’t all heard already.” Ryann says, a little sympathetically. I take a deep breath and let it out again. 
“Fine. In that case, I’m an idiot. I screwed up and I need your help to get Harry back.” I tell them boldly. I honestly expect them to say no, I mean why would they want to help the girl who screwed over their friend? 
“Sure. What can we do?” Ryann asks happily. Huh, what? Why is she being so cooperative? I narrow my eyes at her suspiciously. Is this a set up of some kind? I don’t get it. I was expecting to have to beg and plead for their help. Or that at very least I would have to get 
1/4 
Cam 50- Requests and research 
them drunk first. My thoughts must be clear on my face because Ryann finally drops her arms to her side and Megan relaxes. 
“I know, you thought you would have to grovel. But honestly, I am in no position to be lecturing you about your relationship decisions. I screwed things up with Bellamy in my own way and it took me months to pull myself together enough to fix it. I’m not going to leave you to do the sanfe thing, for you and for Harry’s sake.” Ryann says kindly and I want to throw myself at her in a hug. Megan nods her agreement. 
“Yeah… And I almost married someone who wanted to kill me because I was so oblivious that I didn’t even consider Darrien as an option. So I’d say neither of us are exactly the poster girls for good relationship decisions.” Megan says, shooting an adoring look at Darrien who takes her hand and tugs her close to his side. 
“So… What you’re basically saying is that you’re just as terrible at this as I am and asking you for advice is probably not the smartest plan I’ve ever had?” I joke. Darrien laughs. 
“You’re not wrong.” Megan elbows him in the ribs and me makes a big deal out of pretending to be in pain. 
“Actually, that’s why we bought Aaron, he gives weirdly good relationship advice assuming you can actually get him to answer you.” She winks at me. I suspect that she is making things up because she just wants someone else to join her in her mission of pestering Aaron into trying to talk. 
+1 
“Well as much as I appreciate you bringing the apparent relationship guru, it was actually you I wanted to talk to.” I admit. Ryann nods. 
“Go on.” She prompts. I delay a little bit longer by suggesting everyone gets settled at a table. and I fetch drinks for everyone. 
“No spelled booze for us please, we’re still working.” Darrien chimes in, gesturing to himself and Aaron. I make sure to just serve them regular alcohol. We’re all sitting at a booth and I finally ask my question. 
“So, I need to know about Incubi, especially about their magic and how it works. I’ve been running off a whole bunch of assumptions and stereotypes and I’m starting to think that 
Bo 
05 
2/4 
Te all wing and that I really should mave guleu ulls out soUTICI 
denial.” I explain. Ryann nods enthusiastically. 
UULI 103 AUIL UL JEL 
05 
“I can help with that. I grew 
most do. Do you have any specific questions?” She asks. I flounder. 
un around Incubi so I learned a lot more about their magic than 
“I don’t think I know enough to even ask what it is I need to know.” I sigh. 
“Okay, so Incubi for beginners. For starters all that rubbish about being demons and stuff is completely fake. They just happen to have magic that affects emotions. But deep emotions are harder to affect, it works easiest on shallow emotions, like lust. Partly because they’re the ones you don’t usually think about too hard or try to explain away but also because Incubi influence people’s emotions by reflecting their own emotions back onto someone. So if they’re happy they can make you feel happy, or horny they might make you feel… lustful. Basically you feel what they feel, but if it’s not something you would actually feel then it won’t stick for long. Lust is the one most commonly felt because, well to be honest most Incubi are hot and they are still guys after all and due to their appearance and reputation not a lot of people try to resist their magic.” Ryann starts. Okay, so I kind of already knew that Harry could influence other emotions, but I didn’t realise it was only ones he was already feeling himself. It’s good information, although mostly it just tells me that since his magic usually makes me hot or relaxed that he tends to feel that way around me. A good start, but hardly new since he’s been pretty honest about that from the start. I latch onto the comment about resisting Incubi magic. Harry accused me of not even feeling it. Could I actually be resistant? I ask for more information about that. 
“Oh, well it is possible to learn to resist Incubi magic, but really the best way is just to avoid interacting with them too much if you don’t want to deal with their magic. Building a resistance takes years and years of practice and on being able to focus on the emotions you’re feeling that are definitely your own. I’m pretty good at it since I’ve been doing it since I was at kid. There were a lot of teenage Incubi around where I grew up and their self control is less than amazing.” Ryann shudders. Okay, so it’s super unlikely that I have any kind of resistance to Harry’s magic, I’m just better at hiding my reactions than I thought.. 
“What do you mean about control? Do Incubi control their magic or not? If it’s linked to their feelings it seems like it would be very hard to control.” I follow up. 
“It is pretty difficult for them to control. Their magic is very instinctual. They tend to share a lot of magic when they’re feeling emotional. It’s kind of like a defensive thing? Harry has 
3/4 
Cam 50- Requests and research 
+10% Bonus 
05:11 
better control than most and I know he’s been actively working on it for the last few since he realised that he didn’t have a lot of friendships or relationships left.” Ryann Saya proudly. I frown. If Harry is controlled then what are other Incubi like? I feel his magic 
CONSTANTLY. 
Chapter Comments 
###Chapter 294
Strings of Fate 
Cam 51- Poison and passion 
I sit dumbly as I try to think of a diplomatic way to say that Ryann is just completely wrong. Either resisting Incubi is totally impossible OR Harry has way less control than she thinks. 
“Ryann… Are you totally sure about Harry being controlled?” I ask quietly. She nods. 
“Sure, he’s an expressive person, but I think that’s part of how he manages his emotions. He lets them out so he doesn’t let out his magic. It makes sense to me at least.” She hesitates a little, probably because she’s making a lot of assumptions there. 
+10 
Bor 
“I can sort of see that.” I agree. It’s starting to feel a little weird talking about Harry like this. Was it a mistake to basically go to his friends to get info on him? It’s starting to feel a little creepy. It was fine when I was asking about Incubi in general, but asking about Harry… I feel like this is something that I should be talking about with him. Still, maybe I’m just vulnerable 
to Incubi magic because I’ve never been around it until him. Is that a thing? 
“Is it possible to be especially weak to Incubi magic?” I ask, I can feel heat in my cheeks as 
they blush red. I do my best to ignore Megan’s snickering and Darrien’s smirk. Aaron actually 
just seems curious about the answer and waits attentively. I think he might be growing on me because out of the group he’s the only one not making me uncomfortable right now. His silence that is usually imposing is now comforting. I risk a small smile at him and he gives a small nod. Yeah, he knows what he’s doing. Ryann takes my question very seriously. 
weaker 
“I don’t THINK you can be especially vulnerable. I mean if you’re drunk you might be to it, but alcohol would make you weaker to most magic, I mean it’s technically a poison, right?” She smiles awkwardly, probably remembering that I own a bar. 
“A fun poison.” Megan adds. 
“Also if you’re doubting Harry’s control you shouldn’t. The only Incubi I’ve really been. around is Harry so I haven’t had a chance to build up resistance either. I’ve almost never felt anything from him other than the occasional happy vibe. I like to think of it as Harry manages to control like ninety five of the emotions he has around me so I just feel a little of his magic. Of course you’re going to feel way more, he HAS way more feelings around you and I suspect that he has less control around you because he’s probably more relaxed around you. I mean imagine trying to stay in control of your emotions and magic ALL THE TIME. 
05: 
1/3 
Cam 51- Poison and passion 
Wouldn’t you want to relax around the person you are about most? He’s complained 
+10% 
Bonus 
04:59 
fifty times that his magic barely seems to affect you but I always thought he secretly loves i I’m sort of amazed to hear that it does affect you after all.” Megan sounds fascinated. I really need to steal someone’s phone and find out what the hell they’re all saying about me in this 
text chain. 
“Uh… yeah. Well anyway, eventually you can learn to resist Harry’s magic, but that will take some time. It’s part of why Incubi tend to struggle with relationships, they overwhelm people. But… is it really so bad? I had to distance myself from him as a teenager because I definitely DIDN’T need to feel whatever it was he was feeling about me at the time. But would a little extra insight be so bad in your case? Particularly since you apparently feel the same way about him anyway. It might make your emotions more intense, but if you didn’t actually feel those emotions they wouldn’t last more than a few minutes. His magic is pretty focussed on you, he probably isn’t doing it on purpose or anything. He just loves you and that makes it hard for him to hold himself back. He usually avoids people when trying not to share his emotions around so much. Like he refused to come see us last night because he didn’t want to make us ‘pissed off and miserable‘ to phrase it his way.” Ryann sighs and Megan pouts. Great, now I feel even worse. Harry is sitting around alone while I have all his best friend’s undivided attention as they try to make ME feel better. Actually, they’re not trying to make me feel better. They’re just trying to fix the situation as a whole. That’s the whole point of this conversation and I need to remember that. So, what have I learned? Harry hasn’t been going around shoving magic at everyone, just me and it was probably an accident anyway plus he thought it wasn’t affecting me. No wonder he got so jealous when I implied that I had another Incubus friend. He believed it because he thought I was immune to his magic s 
I MUST have spent time around other Incubi. They’re also saving Harry can’t make people feel things he doesn’t feel. 
“Are you guys telling me that an Incubus who is in love, or at least focussed on someone, won’t really have magic that works on other people?” I ask, trying to see if I have this right.. Ryann shrugs. 
“Not quite. I mean, you can love someone and still lust after someone else. Plus there are always other emotions like anger and stuff that they can push on people. But their magic does tend to stick to one person if that’s who they’re obsessing over. I mean, I’m sure if he worked on it, Harry could drag out some kind of feelings of attraction to any remotely appealing person. He’s good at seeing the good in people. But why would he want to? He might enjoy the attention, but he is loyal. So I wouldn’t worry about it.” Ryann says the words. almost as a warning. Yeah she wants me to trust Harry, and I probably should. But is he really 
2/3 
Cam 51- Poison and passion 
loyal to me? Because I have never done anything to deserve that kind of loyalty. Still, his magic has been affecting me more and more, and everyone else insists they barely notice it. So basically I’m an idiot and I really screwed this up. I admit as much to the group of them 
and thank them for their help. 
“I could probably think of a million more questions to ask. But I don’t think you’re the one I should be asking.I need to talk to Harry, assuming I can get him to listen, that is.” I sigh. 
“He’ll listen. Maybe not right away, but I seriously doubt he will stay away for long.” Ryann 
sighs and crosses her arms over her chest again. 
“Look, we don’t love what you’ve done to Harry. You really didn’t treat him how I would have liked. But you wouldn’t have called me if you didn’t really care about him. I know Harry has told you I have a bit of a cheat code magic when it comes to relationships and that helps too. But mostly I just like you. I do think you’re good for Harry so I’m willing to help you out this once.” She says sternly. 
“But don’t expect us to keep trying to help if you screw him over again. You will be totally on your own.” Megan warns me. I promise I won’t and I mean it. I have no intention of hurting 
Harry like this ever again. 
+10 
###Chapter 295
Strings of Fate 
Cam 52–Awkward and avoidant 
I’ve finished work for the night but instead of making my way home I’m sitting on a barstool in my empty, closed up bar just staring at my phone. I need to call Harry. All I have to do is pick up my phone and call him: And I’m going to do it. I really am, any second now. I don’t even know what I’m going to say to him exactly. I know the general idea of what I need to tell him, but first I need to get him to agree to listen to me and that’s the part that’s got me stumped. I’m hoping he’s just calmed down a little and isn’t as angry with me anymore. I down the shot of vodka I poured myself before I claimed my perch and hit the call button. I hold the phone up to my ear and listen to the phone ring, then ring again… and again. Then the call declines. Well shit. I didn’t think he would be keen to talk to me, but I can’t do anything if he doesn’t even answer the phone! Maybe it was an accident and he meant to pick it up? I call again and the call is declined immediately this time. Yeah I didn’t really think it was an accident. Okay, new plan. Text messages. 
Cam- Harry, I know I don’t deserve it but I would really like a chance to explain myself and apologise properly. I have a lot that I want to say but I would really rather not do it by text. I will if I have to, but I really want to talk to you face to face. So if you’re willing to talk just 
name when and where. I’ll make it work. I’ll be waiting to hear from you. 
I send the text and wait. After staring at my phone for an hour and drinking two more shots. of vodka I force myself to admit that Harry probably isn’t answering my text tonight. I guess. I’ll have to try again tomorrow. I reluctantly lock up and begin the lonely walk home. It’s dark and I’m annoyed to find that I’m a little anxious about walking alone after dark. I never USED to be bothered by it especially. I mean maybe for the first few weeks when I first bought the place, but I got used to it and began to relax. But I got used to the company and I got used to not having to look over my shoulder or grip my keys. I know that Simon is locked up, but he’s far from the only threat in this world and after the week I’ve had I can’t seem to forget it. I pause on my doorstep and check my phone again. Still no response. I don’t want to be annoying and spam him with messages, I seriously doubt that it would help my case. But I 
can’t help myself. I send one more. 
Cam- I miss walking with you… 
I head inside and basically go straight to bed. When I wake in the morning I immediately check my phone and I am disappointed to find that he hasn’t answered me. I send him another message. 
1/3 
+1 
Bo 
04: 
Cam 52- Awkward and avoidant 
Cam- Good morning. I’ll be working in my back room today if you want to stop by, or I could 
come see you. 
Bor 
04: 
I shower, drink some coffee and spend the rest of the morning reorganising my already tidy work room. Harry’s bean bag seat is still shoved under my work bench and I end up pulling it out and collapsing in it as I take a call from my mother. 
“Hello Cam, I thought I would check in and see how you’re doing.” She says in a tone that is more polite and formal than I would normally expect to hear from my mother. She is still clearly being very careful with how she talks to me. It’s awkward, but I don’t mind it because at least it shows that she is aware of how much damage she’s done to our relationship. I’m 
slow to answer. 
“I’m… okay. Having a bit of a quiet day at work, just getting a few things done out back. I have a work room here where I practise my potions.” I tell her. I’m interested to hear how she reacts. She never approved of my bar, but maybe she will be a bit more open to the idea now. 
“Oh… Well that’s… good. I suppose I was worried that you were completely disregarding your education. I am glad to hear that you are still practising. Even if you aren’t part of a coven. What about your Incubus? Did you sort things out with him yet?” She asks. I sigh dramatically. 
“No, he won’t take my calls or answer my messages. I’ve spoken to our mutual friends and they say I should give him time. But I have no idea how MUCH time I should give him. Usually he’s the pushy one, I don’t know what to do with all this space.” I admit. It feels weird talking about my relationship problems with my mother. It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to talk to her this way. It’s kind of nice though. 
“I was never a fan of sitting and waiting. I like to get things done.” Mum remarks. 
“Yeah, I noticed.” I remark dryly. She pauses awkwardly before continuing. 
“Uh… yeah. Well, my point is that there is always SOMETHING you can do. Make sure you’re ready for when he comes back, or do something to make sure you’re still on his mind. The longer he avoids you the easier it will be for him. Right now, avoiding you is an effort. Don’t let it become his routine.” She advises. 
2/3 
Cam 52- Awkward and avoidant 
“That’s actually… Not terrible advice. Thanks. I’ll figure something out.” I chat with her a little longer and tell her about a few of my newest potions before saying goodbye and hanging up. With her advice in mind, I take a selfie sitting in Harry’s bean bag and send it to 
him. 
+11 
Bor 
04: 
Cam- This bean bag is more comfortable than I thought. It’ll be here waiting when you want 
to use it. 
I’m going to take my mum’s suggestion and make it hard for Harry to ignore me. He spent months obnoxiously forcing his way into my life and demanding my attention. I guess it’s my turn to do the same, it’s only fair. 
The next few 
days pass in the same way. I text Harry regularly. I include photos of drinks he might like, comments with jokes I think he would appreciate. Complaints about ridiculous customers and occasionally, things I miss about seeing him. I also try to call him each evening. He doesn’t reply to any of it which is annoying but I refuse to be discouraged. I DO send a text to Ryann to check that he hasn’t blocked my number and she confirms that he is getting the messages but she won’t tell me how he’s reacting to them. I suppose that would be a little bit too much to ask. Still, I’m starting to get desperate. Another week of this and I might have to beg her to give me his address so I can stalk him at home and force him to face me. I really don’t want to have to do that. I know it’s not cool and would really not be 
respecting his space. I know he doesn’t HAVE to talk to me. But until Harry tells me, 
to my face, that there is absolutely zero chance for us to make up, until he tells me to stop calling and blocks my phone, I don’t think that I can bring myself to give up. So I keep trying and wait for him to respond in some way. Finally, when I’m just nearing the end of my patience, I notice something strange. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
4 
< SHARE 
###Chapter 296
Strings of Fate 
Cam 53- Footsteps and fret 
It takes me three nights to be sure. But I am now completely convinced. Every night when I’m walking home from work, Harry is secretly following me, hiding in shadows and behind bushes and buildings whenever I turn around. At first I was concerned, I thought I had somehow picked up another stalker. I was constantly hearing footsteps behind me that paused whenever I did. Occasionally I could catch the sound of rustling bushes or someone else breathing. I was a little afraid that Simon had somehow been released. I even give the police a call during the day to check that he hasn’t been released and that I don’t need to 
worry about him. They assure me that he won’t be getting out anytime soon and a super sweet lady promises to give me a call if that should change at any point. I start paying more and more attention to every little detail on my way home trying to figure out what is going on. I feel a little silly about it, what are the actual chances of me picking up a second stalker 
in only a couple weeks? I know I’m probably just being paranoid but I can’t help myself. Still, when I start to pay attention it becomes pretty clear that I’m not insane and that it has to be Harry following me. I recognise the pace of his footsteps and on the third night he must have forgotten to turn his phone to silent because I hear his phone ringing and I recognise the sound. I’m elated to find that he’s taken an interest in me again, but I don’t understand why he’s following me in secret. What is he trying to accomplish? Is he planning to just secretly 
follow me around for the rest of our lives and never talk to me? Does he really think I don’t 
know? He really isn’t that great at being quiet or sneaky and he definitely draws attention. Occasionally he even gets close enough that I start feeling hints of his magic which leaves me feeling lonelier than ever. If that’s how he’s feeling, why doesn’t he just DO something about it? I’ve made it clear that I want to talk to him, that I’m waiting for him to approach me. 
On the fifth night of Harry following me and saying nothing, I decide it’s time to do → something about it. I power walk the whole way home and I can hear Harry’s footsteps 
behind me as he rushes to keep up with me. Completely sure that he’s followed me the whole way, I stop on my doorstep and drop myself down to sit on the steps, stubbornly sticking out 
my chin and folding my hands into my lap. 
“I know you’re out there Harry! I don’t know what you’re doing but since apparently neither of us is willing to leave the other alone, I’m going to sit out here and wait. When you’re ready. to talk, I’d like it if you would come join me, but in the meantime I’m going to talk to you.” I pause a moment to give him a chance to step out from wherever he’s hiding and join me. He chooses to stay 
so I continue my one–sided conversation. hidden 
1/3 
04: 
Cam 53- Footsteps and fret 
“I know I screwed up, and I really do regret it. You’re right that I didn’t trust you and that I had one foot out of this relationship the entire time. I was ready to run and expecting things to end. But I won’t do that anymore. I’ve made up my mind and there’s no one more stubborn than I am. I even convinced my mother to give you a chance when you’re ready to deal with her. My grandmother might take a little more convincing but I’ll have to work on that.” I take a deep breath. 
+1 
“I’m getting off topic. What I’m trying to say is I’m sorry. I messed up and I can’t undo that. 
But I would like to try and move on. I’m going to make more of an effort from now on. I’ve been trying to learn more about your magic and I’ve realised that we probably should have discussed it ages ago. It probably would have made things a lot less confusing for both of us. I should also admit that if I’m completely honest, I’ve been struggling not to just throw myself at you since day one.” I blush red but I push on. This might be the only chance I get to have him hear what I have to say. It’s actually a little easier to get the words out when I can’t see how he’s reacting, although it would be a relief if he could give some indication that he’s actually listening. 
“At first I resisted you because I didn’t know you. I thought you were just some strange guy who was determined to pick up the annoying and resistant bartender. Then I got to know you and I just… I couldn’t. I didn’t want to ruin things and I got scared. I really regret that now. I regret telling Cora our relationship was fake too. It wasn’t fake and it never was, I don’t think she even believed it. I was trying to convince myself that it wasn’t a big deal and that I didn’t 
care because if I care then it’s going to hurt a lot more when you leave. But it’s too late for 
that. I already know that you leaving will devastate me. I already know that I don’t want to give up on us. I also know I don’t really have a choice in how you react.” I sit quietly, hoping for a response but I get nothing. I let out a frustrated groan. 
“I don’t know what I’m even doing. I don’t know how to fix this or what to do to get you to forgive me. I’m worried that if things keep going like this I’m going to end up like Simon. Stalking and harassing someone who wants nothing to do with me and refusing to take the hint. So… I guess that’s it. That’s what I have to say. I mean, there is plenty more but I don’t even know if you want to hear it. The most important thing I need you to hear is that I’m sorry. I’ll… I’ll leave you alone now. I don’t want to make you hate me, assuming you don’t hate me already. I don’t think I could live like that. So I’m taking it back. I won’t sit here until you are forced to listen. I don’t want to force you to do anything. I’ll go and let you be.” I get to my feet and brush the back of my pants off. I hesitate at the door and fiddle with my keys. The sound of them clinking together feels incredibly loud. 
Bo 
04 
2/3 
sadly and add one last comment. 
“And I’ll ask you one last time. What are you going to ask me tonight?” I unlock my door and I’m about to swing it open when footsteps behind me have me whirling around. Harry is standing at the bottom of my steps. He looks exhausted and miserable. He is wearing at hoodie and has it pulled up over his head, like he’s trying to hide himself away. He has his arms wrapped around himself in what I imagine is meant to be a self comforting motion. I stare at him, waiting for him to say something, anything. His arms drop to his sides and he 
stares at his feet. 
Chapter Comments 
POST COMMENT NOW 
? 6 
###Chapter 297
Strings of Fate 
Cam 54- Interest and intention 
I try to be patient, I really do. But I’ve been waiting all week to see Harry and now he’s just standing there and not saying anything. He looks completely miserable. If he’s so unhappy why doesn’t he do something about it? He looks like he has something that he wants to say so why isn’t he talking? He’s never been one to hold his words back before, and I just made a total fool of myself pouring my heart out to him. Is it really so hard for him to just talk to me? I lose my patience. 
“Stop holding back and just ask me your question. Whatever it is you want from me, whatever you want to know, just ASK!” My words are demanding but my tone makes it sound more like I’m begging. I can’t quite bring myself to care. 
“You really want to know what I want…” Harry starts. His voice is agitated and he runs a hand through his hair, shoving his hood back as he does. He takes a step towards me. I’m standing on the top of the little stairs leading up to my home and he’s at the bottom but he’s so much taller than me that it actually makes us about eye level. 
“I want to know if I can love you. If you will actually let me.” His words come out in a single burst, like he’s been holding them in for too long. As soon as he says them, his shoulders slump and his eyes drop to the ground again. I don’t understand what he’s asking. 
“I don’t understand. Shouldn’t you be asking if I love you? You’ve told me in the past that’s 
what you want. Is it not true anymore?” I try to understand what he’s telling me but I don’t know what he wants anymore. Harry straightens his shoulders and his stunning blue eyes stare into mine. I can feel his magic pushing through me leaving me with weak knees and a desperate need to throw myself at him and kiss him silly. I resist the urge, but only because I’m not totally sure that’s actually what he wants. I might be misinterpreting things. 
“No, I’m not asking if you love me, I’m not sure if you ever will. But I’ve been thinking these last few days. I thought the worst thing would be that you might never want me, but it’s not. Being away from you was the worst thing. Only seeing your smile in pictures and having to 
imagine how you sound when you compl hout customers or get excited about a potion… 
it was horrible. I tried to stay away, I promised myself that I would. That I would get over you and move on because there is no point wasting my life on someone who won’t even trust me. 
But I can’t do it and I don’t want to anymore. I’ve thought about it a lot and in every relationship there is always someone who cares more, so it might as well be me. I can’t stop 
1/4 
04: 
ist and 
how I’m feeling or change what I want. But that’s no reason to throw away what I DO have. So, I’m just hoping you’ll let me love you, regardless of our actual relationship, and I’ll just have to hope that one day you might actually grow to want me back the same way I want you.” He barely pauses before continuing. Now that he’s started talking it’s like his words. won’t stop flowing. 
“It’s strange that the only person I’ve ever REALLY wanted is the only one my magic seems to do nothing to. It’s forced me to take my time and actually get to know you and learn what you like. I never thought I would enjoy it so much but I do.” He sighs wistfully and I stare. Hold up. 
he’s asking… what exactly? If he can just be my friend? I don’t want to just be his friend! And has he seriously still not realised what his magic has been doing to me all these 
months? For a guy who is meant to be an expert on seducing women, he’s really not very good at reading the signs. I think it’s probably about time I just spell it out for him. I’m sick of all the misunderstandings. I’ll tell him the complete truth about everything, then he can decide what he actually wants without any confusion about how I feel. 
“Okay. Well I fully intend to answer your question. But before I do, I feel like there are a few 
facts I need to make clear to you. First… your magic DOES affect me. Like a lot. I’ve been half 
out of my mind for months now.” I start. Harry’s eyes fly open in surprise. 
“But… That can’t be right. I’ve seen how my magic affects people, and that’s people I was 
only kind of interested in. If you were fee the effects of my magic and how much I wanted you… I don’t think it’s possible that you would have rejected me for so long. You would have invited me to your bed ages ago. I’d give basically anything if it meant I could have you and I can’t see how you could possibly feel that way and not act on it. The only thing stopping me was the knowledge that YOU didn’t want me. But you wouldn’t have had that issue!” He argues. I sigh. 
“I told you before, at first I thought that you only wanted me physically and I wasn’t willing to give myself up like that. Then once I realised you wanted more than that I knew I cared way too much to give in and be with you that way.” I insist. Harry frowns and throws his 
hands into the air. 
Вог
“That doesn’t make any sense! Why would caring mean you CAN’T be with me? Shouldn’t it mean the opposite? Why wouldn’t you just accept me?” He demands. I’m quiet when I 
answer. 
“But… If I give in… eventually you’ll leave me for good. I’ve thought about it and I’ve 
2/4 
Cam 54- Interest and intention 
concluded there is no reason for you to really love me. You probably only want me so much because I keep saying no.” I confess and it hurts. I’m basically admitting that I don’t think I’m good enough for him. Harry is speechless for a moment before he answers. His voice is gentle, I suspect he knows I’m about two seconds away from crying. 
“But… I’ve been telling you this whole time that we’re meant to be together. That it’s 
inevitable. I meant it.” He insists. 
“Yeah, I know you think that. Because your friend sees relationships that are fated to happen or whatever. But what about after? Just because a relationship is fated to happen doesn’t mean it’s fated to last.” I start to cry. Just a few tears but my frustration is leaking through. Harry reaches out and wipes the tears away, then drops his hands to my shoulders. 
“Cam… there is no after. I never meant for you to think of it that way. When I said I wanted 
us to be together, I mean forever. Not just for a night or a few weeks. Ryann sees relationships that are fated to happen because they’re perfect for each other. When I told you we are meant to be together I mean we’re inevitable, like fate has chosen you for me and me for you and if you decide you don’t want me I am still never going to move on because anyone else would just be a cheap imitation of what it is I really want.” His words are firm. 
but gentle. I can barely breathe. He really wants me forever? If that’s true then I have no 
reason to hold back. No reason to worry. I still find it hard to believe, but I want it to be true so much that I’m willing to trust him and believe it. With my words stuck in my throat I throw myself at him in a hug, my arms around his neck since I can actually reach for once. I finally find my words. 
“I love you. I really really love you. So, so much. Please love me.” I plead. Harry pulls back to 
look at my face and when he realises I mean it he breaks out in the most beautiful smile. He pulls me back in and kisses me silly, then grabs me and lifts me off the steps, spinning me in a circle and laughing. 
“I love you C 
you Cam.” His words are a promise that I fully intend to keep him to. I know we have a lot more to talk about, but right now all I want is to make sure Harry understands how 
much I really love him. Wordlessly, I take his arm and we head into my house and, finally, I take him to my bed. 
+1 
Bo 
04 
3/4 
###Chapter 298
Strings of Fate 
Cam 55- Cock tales and conclusions 
I wake early the next morning, not used to sleeping next to someone, but I refuse to wake up completely or get out of bed. It’s my day off and I’m in no rush to face the day. Harry stirs not long after I do, but he is apparently on a similar lazy wavelength as me because he wraps. his arms around me and clings to me like I’m a teddy bear, burying his face in my hair and sighing happily. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so relaxed. Even his magic is relaxed, sending off sleepy vibes. Actually, that might explain my sudden desire to never leave this bed. That or the very naked Incubus. Okay, so probably the second thing. Still, since I want to make it clear to Harry that his magic definitely affects me, I take the chance to remind him. 
“Your magic is making me lazy.” I grumble affectionately. Harry chuckles and hugs me even 
tighter. 
“Sorry, I’m just comfortable. Did you need to get up?” He offers reluctantly. 
“Nah, I’m good. I was just letting you know.” I answer drowsily and it doesn’t take me long to fall back to sleep. 
Harry and I laze around in bed and nap until just before lunch when I’m finally forced to get out of bed, mostly just because I need the bathroom but also because I haven’t had my morning coffee and I’m craving one badly. I’m just pouring two coffees when Harry joins me in the kitchen, half dressed in his jeans with no shirt. I have to fight the urge to drool. Seriously, it’s like he’s photoshopped. He notices me staring and winks which leaves me blushing and flustered. Damn it, I was so good at maintaining my poker face before and now it’s just ruined. It’s probably going to be weeks before I can look at him without blushing. We sit on the couch to drink our coffee and Harry takes the chance to check in. 
“Cam, how are you?” He asks. I shrug, not really sure why he’s asking. 
“I’m fine, why?” I respond and he rolls his eyes.. 
“No, I mean… ugh… Are we okay? You’re not going to freak out on me or something are you?” He clarifies. 
“Oh… I’m not planning to.” I answer with a shy smile. Harry grins at me, clearly pleased. 
1/5 
04 
Cam 55- Cock tales and conclusions 
“Good. So… What do we do now?” He continues. I’m not sure if he means right now or in general. I decide to answer it as a general question. 
“We’re going to stay together, and if you ever leave me I’m going to have to hunt you down and poison you for real.” I answer in an overly pleasant voice. Harry laughs in delight. He 
seems to enjoy my threat. 
“I can work with that.” He answers easily. His eyes narrow at me a little. 
“Are you going to be bothered if I tell my friends we’re… uh… that you’re my girlfriend?” He asks. The word girlfriend sounds awkward on his lips, like he isn’t used to it. I have to say it’s going to take some getting used to for me too. 
“Nope, not bothered.” I confirm. 
“I’m texting the group chat now!” He practically sings the words and I laugh. 
chat?” I try 
“Wait, if I’m your girlfriend, does that mean I get to join this super secrenit group 
to ask casually, but I really want to be included. Harry and his friends are a tight knit group and I desperately want to be part of that group. To my delight, Harry immediately agrees. 
+1 
Bo 
04 
COCK TALES 
-Cam has been added to the chat. 
Harry- GUYS GUESS WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Ryann- You finally decided to stop stalking Cam and actually talk to her? 
Megan- You both decided to pull your heads out of your asses and actually communicate properly? 
Bellamy- Does this mean I won’t have to sit and listen to you complaining about being eternally single all the time? 
Darrien- Good job Cam! And welcome to the chat. 
2/5 
Cam 55- Cock tales and conclusions 
Harry. You guys didn’t even let me say it. Cam and I are together. Officially. She’s my girlfriend. She admitted it out loud and everything. 
Harry- Maybe I should get it in writing. Hey Cam, can you please confirm that you are my girlfriend? 
Ryann- You should both come to dinner tonight. . 
Amber- They can’t come to dinner. They’re going to have other plans. But we’re all going to get lunch tomorrow. At Borderline before my shift. I know you’re all available so don’t even pretend otherwise. 
+1 
Bo 
04 
Cam- Harry I am your girlfriend and you are my boyfriend. We are a couple. Happy now? 
Cam- And I’d love to meet you all for lunch. Although I don’t know what dinner plans you’re talking about. 
Megan- We’ll all be there! 
Aaron Good job Cam.. 
Amber- Great, I’ll see you all tomorrow. I have to get back to work. 
“Woah, this is a chaotic chat. Is it always like that?” I ask and Harry nods. 
“Yep. It’s fun though. We actually started the chat so that everyone could keep up with my stories about seeing you.” Harry frowns.. 
“Did we make dinner plans that I forgot about?” He asks. I shrug. 
“Not that I know about.” I respond. 
I feel another wave of Harry’s magic, he’s excited, happy and kind of turned on and it’s making it super hard to focus. I shiver and comment on it. 
“Your magic is very… strong today.” I point out. Harry actually blushes. 
3/5 
Cam 55- Cock tales and conclusions 
‘Sorry, I’m a bit excited. I’ll get it under control. I don’t mean to influence you.” He apologises cheerfully but then his face falls a little. 
“Actually, I should probably apologise. I’ve not controlled my magic around you as well as I should have. Particularly the night we had our fight. I was angry and I pushed my anger onto you too. I’m at least partially responsible for the fight getting out of hand.” He sounds guilty. Is he seriously trying to take responsibility for me being an idiot? 
“I’m the one who pissed you off. I was far more responsible for that argument than you were. Can we please just put it behind us?” I ask. Harry nods his agreement and I relax. 
My phone rings and I see my mum is calling. Harry tilts his head curiously when I actually 
smile and answer. 
+1 
Bo 
04: 
“Hi mum.” I greet her cheerfully. 
“Hey honey. I was just calling to see how you’re doing. I thought maybe you meet me for dinner.” She asks nervously. Oh, that’s a little unexpected. 
t want to 
“I’m actually doing great. Harry and I made up!” The words burst out of me. I can’t stop them. I really hope my mum meant it when she said she was going to start being more 
supportive. 
“Oh I’m so happy for you. I told you that you could figure things out! Would… would you both 
like to come for dinner?” Her tone is even more doubtful than it was for her original offer. I half expect her to backpedal and take it back. 
“Uhm, 
Can I check with Harry and get back to you? I’ll call you back.” I promise. Mum agrees 
and I hang up the phone. 
“Did you hear all that?” I ask Harry. He nods. 
“Yeah. I take it that there’s been some kind of progress with your mum? You weren’t taking her calls last I checked.” He asks curiously. I tell him about how she called to apologise and how she is trying to be more accepting. 
“My grandmother is apparently still not happy with me, but… I don’t know. What do you 
4/5 
Cam 55- Cock tales and conclusions 
think I should do? Should I give them another chance? A proper one?” I ask arcticusly Barry takes my hand and holds it firmly. His expression is serious and I’m a little scared that he’s going to tell me I should just cut them off. That the way they’ve treated me is unforgivable and that he will never be able to get along with them. 
“I think that you should be careful. They treated you poorly and they definitely need some boundaries, but if you still love them then it’s worth giving it another shot. I never knew my parents, so I have no idea how that kind of relationship is supposed to feel, but I can understand how hard it is to find people who really care and if you believe that they do then that relationship is worth fighting for. Even if you don’t agree with everything they do.” He answers carefully. I suddenly want to cry again, but happy tears. I should have known that he would understand. I mean, he forgave me! 
Unable to hold it–in anymore, I basically crawl into his lap and press my lips to his in a light kiss, trying to show him how much I appreciate him. He agrees to come to dinner and I call my mum to let her know when to expect us. I don’t know how dinner will go. I don’t know if I can really get along with my family anymore. But I do know that I have Harry and I am never going to let him go again. 
Exar 
###Chapter 299
Strings of Fate 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
I am so insanely excited and anxious that I might actually pass out. I probably look a little pale because Bellamy puts down the box he was carrying and pulls me into a reassuring hug. 
“Calm down, everything will be fine.” He promises. I rest my head against his chest and take a few deep breaths. 
“I know, I’m just worried. It was super nice of you to arrange for Maggie to get a place in the Shifter compound, and I’m beyond thrilled that Logan’s mum has decided he’s better off living with her full time. I’m so excited to live near Maggie again and it’ll be lovely for Kiara to have her friend nearby. But… what if the others don’t approve? I mean, it’s one thing for me to live in the compound, we are engaged after all. But I’m bringing in more non–Shifters. What if people get angry?” I ask anxiously. I know I already decided to do this, and Bellamy was actually the one who suggested it when I was stressing that Maggie really shouldn’t bet living alone and that she wanted to take in Logan but didn’t have the space. It’s the perfect solution, but I don’t want everyone to hate me because of it. I know my friends won’t mind, but there are still plenty of Shifters that I don’t know well yet. Bellamy laughs. 
“It will be fine, I promise. You’re far too loveable for anyone to be really upset with you. Plus I’m sure Maggie will have everyone on their knees begging for her to feed them in no time. What you need to do is relax. You’re so stressed out. We get married in a week and at this rate you’re going to collapse halfway down the aisle!” He says the words as a joke but the concern is real. He’s right, I’m stressing out. I need to relax. Thankfully, It’s kind of hard to keep stressing with his arms around me. We stay like that for a few more minutes, then continue helping Maggie pack up her boxes. We’re just about to take the first load of stuff down now. Maggie will be paying rent, she insists. But she can now rent out her old place too so she has enough money to manage it. 
Kiara bounces over to us. 
“The last box is all taped up! I labelled it for the kitchen.” She beams a smile at me. She’s ecstatic that her best friend is moving so close. I’m going to have to keep an eye on the two of them. Logan is a pretty mature kid, but Kiara has definitely been bringing out his mischevious side lately. Still, she’s changed so much in the last few months it’s amazing. She’s so much more outgoing. There are times when she gets quiet and sad or scared, but between talking to a therapist and spending time with Logan, she has been doing a lot better. 
1/6 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
She’s still nervous around strangers, particularly women, but around friends and family she is far more herself. When I asked her to be the flower girl for my wedding she was thrilled and she’s talked about almost nothing else for weeks. 
“Good job.” I complement her. I look around for Logan who is rarely far behind. He wanders over from the other side of the car with a pleased smile. 
“Have you finished packing all your things Logan?” I ask. He confirms that he has. Most of his stuff was at Maggie’s anyway. It was really only a few furniture items and some clothes at his mum’s place. 
“Perfect. So, with all your stuff in the car there’s no space for you guys. But Megan and Darrien will be coming by in a few minutes to pick you up and drive you to your new place. Sound good?” I confirm. 
“Yes!” He is bouncing in place. I was worried he would be hurt that his mum was so willing to send him to live elsewhere, but ‘he actually just seems relieved. He’s a smart kid, he knows this is for the best. Besides, it’s not like his mother doesn’t love him and he knows that. She’s 
just not a very responsible person. She wasn’t ready to have a kid and she just never learned. 
I head inside to let Maggie know that we’re leaving and that the kids will be waiting with her. She is just finishing a final clean up. 
“Are you sure this is okay honey? You’re all going out of your way for me so much.” She sounds a little guilty and I immediately feel better about the whole thing. Not because she feels bad but because I remember why I wanted her near us in the first place. 
+11 
“Of course I’m sure! You’re my family. Besides, you’ve been taking care of me for years. It’s my turn to help take care of you. Plus, this way when Logan and Kiara inevitably decide to sneak out in the middle of the night to see eachother, at least they won’t be wandering through town at night.” I joke. Sort of. I’m a little bit serious. Logan DID actually sneak out once a few weeks ago. Kiara had a nightmare and instead of waking me up, she called him. I didn’t know what was going on until Maggie called me saying that she couldn’t find Logan. He turned up on our doorstep about twenty minutes later. The biggest surprise was that he wasn’t alone. Shaun of all people had picked him up on the street and brought him over. Apparently Amber had asked him to wait on that corner at three in the morning, so she must have known like she always does. Both kids got a lecture about safety and talking to us first if 
Bor 
03: 
2/6 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
they need to go out somewhere. Logan refused to apologise. He insisted that his friend needed cheering up and that he didn’t think the adults would let him go so late at night. Eventually we all came to an agreement that as long as there was a GOOD reason, we wouldn’t refuse late night meetings as long as they asked first and got an adult to drive. Still, it 
gave us all a bit of a fright and now I know that the kids are willing to sneak out if that’s what it takes. 
+1 
Bo 
03 
Belllamy drives and we arrive at Maggie and Logan’s new home which is already bustling with activity. Shaun and Amber got here early. Amber insisted on making lunch for everyone and she’s been working on it all morning. Darrien and Megan arrive about fifteen minutes after we do, Maggie, Logan and Kiara in tow. Megan is quite literally dragging Maggie by the arm into the house. 
“Come on! We have a surprise for you!” She insists. A surprise? I wasn’t aware of any surprise. What is going on? I glance at Bellamy who grins. Oh he’s in on this too. Why didn’t I know about it? I narrow 
my eyes at him and he winks at me unrepenteantly. 
“Sorry love, but everyone was too worried you would tell her and ruin the surprise. Plus you’ve been busy enough with wedding plans.” He takes my hand and we follow the group. Inside Maggie is standing in the kitchen and she is near tears. I can see why. The kitchen isn’t the one she sae a few weeks ago when she came to check out the place. It has been replaced with the most gorgeous looking kitchen I have ever seen. With a huge oven, granite benchtops lined with a fancy looking kitchenaid and a full set of baking tins and other supplies. It’s any bakers dream. How the heck did they manage all of this? 
“Surprise!” Megan calls out excitedly. 
“This is a gift from all of us. We started a collection when you first decided to move in. You make us so many treats we thought it was only fair. Originally it was just Me, Amber, Bellamy, Ryann, Alex, Megan, Darrien and Aaron. It was meant to be a sort of housewarming thing. But when we started looking into it more and more people wanted to chip in. Basically the entire security team put money towards it. Then when everyone else heard that we were making a special kitchen for Ryann’s family, a lot of people volunteered to help out so we got most of the actual work done for free.” Shaun explains excitedly. Wow, I didn’t realise everyone would be so excited to have Maggie here. Bellamy was right, I really didn’t need to worry after all. 
“Oh you dear sweet things. I’m going to have to make each and every one of you your favourite deserts. So you had better start a list or a sign up sheet of something. I’ll have to 
3/6 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
give this new kitchen a whirl!” She is actually crying at this point and I’m about two seconds away from joining her. 
“That’s going to take a lot of baking and will cost a lot. So I’m making a new rule. Anything you bake and give out to our Shifters you can bill the ingredients to me.” He declares. Maggie 
shakes her head. 
+1 
Bo 
03 
“Oh no, I couldn’t.” She refuses. 
“I insist. Think of it as my keeping up morale.” He insists. The two of them go back and forth. for a few minutes, but eventually Maggie caves and agrees to let Bellamy contibute to her baking supplies. I suspect she will need it with how the Shifters fight over her baking. 
Amber is getting ready to serve lunch when Aaron finally arrives. He isn’t working today since. I’m with Bellamy anyway. But apparently this moving day has turned into a surprise party and everyone is invited. I’m beyond excited when I realise he has bought along a plus one. FINALLY I get to meet his mystery girl. Aaron nods a greeting to me, but his girlfriend drags him forward, holding his hand and swinging it between the two of them. 
“Hi I’m Penny. And you must be Ryann!” She shakes my hand with her free hand before 
continuing. 
“And your Bellamy. Which means that must be Shaun and Amber. I assume that is Maggie. The cute little blonde over there must be Kiara and the strapping lad is Logan. Megan and Darrien are the two on the other side of the counter, right?” She points us all out like she’s on a game show and she’s playing to win. 
“Uh… yeah. That’s right. It’s lovely to meet you Penny. Hey you’re not an Oracle, are you? Because that was impressive.” I comment. She laughs, a light tinkling sound that is strangely 
pleasant. 
“No, no. I’m actually half Siren.” She responds easily. 
“Oh. Well how did you know all our names? Did you study up on us or something?” I ask 
jokingly. 
“Sure, I made up flash cards and quizzed myself. I’m still waiting to meet Alex, Cam and 
4/6 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
Harrison.” She grins at me, flicks her hair out of her face then continues. 
+10 
Воп 
“Nah, I’m just kidding. It was easy to figure out. Aaron talks about you guys all the time.” She explains. We all stare. Somehow it was more believeable that she had stalked us all online and 
made flashcards. 
03: 
We spend a few minutes getting to know Penny who is as chatty as Aaron is quiet. We’re just setting up a picnic lunch since we haven’t actually brought over Maggie’s furniture yet when Harry and Cam turn up. 
“EVERYONE WE HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT!” Harry declares, throwing the front door open and rushing in. He does pause to hug Maggie and high five Kiara before standing before us all expectantly. 
“Come on, someone ask!” He whines, Cam rolls her eyes and swats him on the arm playfully. 
“They don’t have to ask. I’m just going to tell them. The registration for my new coven has officially been approved thanks to you guys! That means I can finally sell potions and spells. Just in time for the big re–branding party next weekend! You’re all coming right?” She tells us excitedly. We all break out in cheers and congratulations. Cam needs to be in a coven to sell magic, but since she isn’t comfortable in her family’s coven anymore she needed a new one. The whole thing was Harry’s idea. He checked the MRO’s official rules for coven registration and discovered that the laws don’t specify that coven members have to be Witches. It actually just states that they have to be ‘magic users.‘ So, Harry, Amber and I are now the newest members of Cam’s coven. At this point it’s basically a drinking club and Megan attends all our ‘meetings‘ but what matters is that Cam can finally operate her bar the way she wants to. all sit down to lunch and by the end of it, Penny has signed up to join our coven and has promised to sing at the big re–branding party. 
We 
I watch on in satisfaction and when the colourful strings joining everyone in the boisterous. group starts to overwhelm me, I step into the hall to get a break from everyone. Bellamy follows and pulls me into a hug. 
“You know what this means?” I ask. He pulls back and tilts his head curiously. 
“What?” He asks. 
5/6 
The Final Chapter- Ryann 
“It’s official. When we were first getting to know eachother you told me that Shifters are 
better off seperated from everyone else. You’re officially wrong.” I declare and he laughs. 
“I figured that out a long time ago. You, me, and our huge, mixed up, crazy family. We are definitely much better off together.” He confirms. I can’t help it. I reach up on my tip toes. and kiss him. With this lot around, I don’t know if I will ever have another quiet day in my life. But I can’t bring myself to regret a thing and I will always be grateful for the day that Bellamy came knocking on my door and for every day I have surrounded by my strings of fate. 
+1 
Bo 
03 
Author’s note: 
Thanks for reading, my new book A Human’s Guide to Surviving Magical Mishaps is updating and you’re welcome to read it! 
