###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
Allison P.O.V 
“Stop staring at him.” My best friend Teresa told me as she shook her head. 
I averted my gaze from Ethan Iversen, who was chatting with his friends at the specific table in the right corner. 
My eyes were always on him which he could never see. 
He was the soon-to-be Alpha of our Moonlight Crown Pack and I was just an ordinary Omega. 
I was sitting in the canteen of our school with Teresa. It was our break time so we came here to chit- chat. 
I sighed and turned my head to Teresa. 
“I was just-” 
“Yeah yeah, you were looking around and your eyes suddenly fell on him.” She said and chuckled. I smiled and looked away. 
Teresa was my best friend. She knew everything about me. 
“You are this pack’s beta’s daughter. He can’t let you down.” She let out. 
I shook my head. “No, I want him to look at me as an ordinary girl, not as his father’s beta’s daughter.” 
“You are beautiful. He will love you back for sure. Otherwise, I will break his nec-” 
“Ssshhh. He will listen to you.” I pressed my hand over her mouth to stop her. 
It was time for our next lesson to begin. We walked to the classroom. 
It was a Brand Promotion class. The best part was that it was one of the few classes where seniors and juniors could sit together. 
I was waiting outside with Teresa when I saw Ethan headed this way. 
I gasped and waited for us to enter together, not knowing whether we would be able to sit together. 
I was ready to enter the classroom when I felt a push from my right side and collided with Ethan. 
He gripped my waist and pulled me up straight. His veiny hands and muscular arms were wrapped around me. I nearly passed out. His warmth completely enveloped me. 
My attention was drawn to his fair forehead with a little fringe scattered, a sharp nose, and dark eyes. 
“Are you okay?” 
I could hear him. I realized I was staring at his attractive features. He was in his fourth year of our ‘Moonlight University’. 
In contrast, I was a first-year student. Everyone glanced at us as they came to a halt. 
I took a step back after clearing my throat. 
“Y-Yeah, thank you.” I responded timidly. 
He nodded and walked inside the classroom. 
I could see other girls glaring at me. They were all madly in love with Ethan. He was the most handsome boy they had ever seen and cherry on the top, he was their future Alpha. 
But I did not like Ethan due to his attractive looks or posture. I liked him since he once saved my life when I was in danger. Who knows what might have happened if he had not saved me? 
“How was that?” 
A whisper was heard. I twisted my head and softly punched Teresa’s arm. 
“Ouch! I was expecting a kiss on the cheek from you. But you are slamming into me!” 
My best friend was attempting to matchmake me with Ethan, just as she had pushed me towards him moments ago. 
“He will get angry. Teresa, don’t do that again.” 
She sighed and rolled her eyes. “I am not sure how you are going to win his heart with such candor.” 
I laughed and locked her arm with mine. We walked inside the classroom. The class was completely crowded. I looked for a seat and saw a few vacant chairs. Unfortunately, they were not near Ethan. 
We walked to our seats, which were rather far away from Ethan’s. 
The professor arrived and began our class. 
“Dear students, today we will learn how to select the best sponsor for your product. You must choose the best backer for it.” 
I concentrated on the lesson. I paid close attention in every lesson. I wanted to do well in school and make my parents proud. 
“Like Alpha Ethan, he is the face of our school. We are fortunate to have him here.” The professor said. 
Everyone, including me, was staring at Ethan. 
He scowled and said, “Ethan” 
The professor was perplexed by what he had just said. 
“Y-Yes?” 
“Call me Ethan.” 
“Yes, yes. It’s a great honor.” The professor grinned. 
Everyone tried hard not to chuckle. 
“Begin buttering! Everyone around here loves to butter him. Huh!” Teresa murmured. 
After hearing her remarks, I burst out laughing. I saw Ethan concentrating on his book. But I might argue that his focus was not on the book and that he was thinking about something else. 
He was a reserved person. We were familiar with each other. Not only was my father his father’s beta, but he was also his father’s closest buddy. 
But Ethan had a past. 
Ethan was not the son of our current Alpha, Neil Iversen. He was the son of Alpha Neil’s brother, Evan Iversen. 
However, he lost his parents when he was just five years old. Alpha Neil accepted him totally after that. 
Everyone described Ethan as Alpha Neil’s shadow. Alpha Neil wanted him to be the pack’s next Alpha. 
But there was something more. 
Alpha Neil has a son as well. He and Ethan were the same age. 
Everyone knew Alpha Neil and his son Ryan Iversen had a strained relationship. 
Ryan was also someone I knew. I had not seen him since I was eleven years old. It had been almost eight years since his father had sent him abroad. 
“Will you go tonight?” 
I emerged from my thoughts. “Huh?” Teresa was the one who asked the question. 
“Ryan Iversen is returning today. Seniors are giving him a welcoming party.” 
I scowled. “He is not even a student at our school.” 
“He will join our school,” A girl in my front seat said to us. 
“We observed that four pack fighters came to see the Dean today, and a professor told our boys that Ryan is our new transfer student.” 
“I see.” I muttered. 
Ryan was not the same as Ethan. He was the complete opposite of him. In our childhoods, I only witnessed him become furious at everyone. 
“Will you accompany me?” Teresa asked. 
“No.” 
“Consider it. Ethan is definitely going.” 
When I glanced at Ethan, I sighed. He was now focused on his phone. 
After all the classes, Teresa dropped me off at home since my house was on her way. 
I saw there was no one in my house. I dialed my mother’s number. 
“Mom?” 
I said as soon as she received the call. “Where have you gone?” 
“Are you back at home, honey? You must be starving. Enter the kitchen. I made you lunch before I came to the pack house.” 
“Pack house? What brought you there?” 
“Ryan is returning today. So Luna Ella contacted me to ask if I could help her in cooking her son’s favorite foods. You know how much Ryan used to like my food when he was a kid.” 
“Okay, mom.” 
I hung up the phone. 
My mother adored both Ethan and Ryan. My mother was also friends with Luna Ella, therefore we were really close family friends. We went to every gathering and celebration together. 
I went to my room and took a shower. Following that, I had a late lunch. 
Teresa came to my house in the evening. I was dressed casually in blue jeans and a loose black shirt. My hair was pulled back into a high ponytail. I did not want to draw attention to myself. 
“Let’s go.” I said to Teresa. 
We hopped in her car and drove to the club where our seniors were throwing the party. 
We walked inside the club. My attention was drawn to the smoke and the loud music. I had never been to a club before, so it was a whole new experience for me. 
“Let’s go out and have some drinks.” Teresa remarked, pulling me along with her. 
I saw that practically every popular student in our school had attended this party. 
Suddenly, I saw Ethan conversing with someone. 
“I am coming right away.” I said to Teresa before walking up to Ethan. 
We were not strangers; we were family friends. 
I approached him and came to a halt behind him. 
“Ethan” 
He turned to face me. I smiled at him, but then I saw his ex-girlfriend Julie standing in front of him. 
“Yes?” He asked. 
I had no idea what to say to him or how to greet him. 
“H-Hi.” 
He just nodded his head and turned around without replying. I took a step back, but I could hear the girl. 
“You know her?” 
“Hmm.” 
“Like she is someone who can be yo-” 
“She is not my type.” 
I overheard his response. Did he know I was still standing behind him? How could he possibly say such a thing to others? I was not his type? Why? 
I clenched my fists. My tears had made my eyes glossy. 
Nothing was clearly visible to me. I saw a haze. I took a few steps back. 
My back was suddenly crushed against a hard chest. 
I turned back right away but could not see anything since I was in tears. 
I blinked a few times, and my vision started to clear. 
I saw a pair of black eyes staring at me. 
My gaze was pulled to the facial features. 
Black hair, a strong jawline, thick brows, and a fair and clean face. 
I saw his eyes going down to my clothes before returning to my face. 
Then I heard his deep, icy voice. 
“Who are you?”
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2
“Who are you?” 
I came back to my senses and backed away from the boy. 
“I-I…” I looked away and tried to find my words. 
“From your looks, I can say you don’t belong here.” 
I wiped away my tears. I glared at the boy because of his rude statement. My glare made him speechless. 
I turned my head to glance at Ethan, who was still conversing with Julie. Then I walked past the boy who had just spoken rudely to me. 
He could not possibly claim that I did not belong here. 
What exactly did he mean? I could not come to the club because I was not wearing a short dress? 
I was also irritated at Ethan. In truth, I was mostly upset with him. I had feelings for him for a long time. But he destroyed my heart without even speaking to me. 
I went back to Teresa. She looked at my face carefully and asked, 
“What happened?” 
“Nothing.” 
“What nothing? Didn’t Ethan break up with her two years ago? Why is he with her now? Or are they just talking about random things?” 
“Something like that.” I mumbled. 
When we heard a boy’s voice over the speakers, everyone started cheering for something. 
We turned our attention to the dance floor, where a senior year student held a microphone. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, let’s meet the most eligible bachelor who drew everyone’s attention with a single glance, whose lifestyle is the dream lifestyle for us boys, who returned today to his pack and his pack’s people, who will join our school tomorrow to shake all the girls’ hearts. 
Please welcome Ryan Iversen.” 
Everyone cheered and applauded loudly. 
I almost became deaf when the girls next to me started screaming. 
‘What’s so good about this Ryan Iversen?’ I thought. 
But my eyes went wide when I saw who Ryan Iversen was. 
“It’s him!” 
I muttered when I saw the boy who I had just bumped into a few minutes ago. 
I heard other girls’ voices. 
“Oh my God! He is so handsome!” 
“He is so hot! Look at his hairstyle! He indeed came from abroad with a dashing look and well-built body. Can’t ignore his stunning face either.” 
“I thought only Ethan could be so handsome like this! But now I can say someone is more handsome than him!!!” 
“Oh! Come on. Ethan is more handsome. Take a look at him. He will be our Alpha in the future. Ryan can’t have the aura he has. And I heard Ryan is a playboy. He only likes to play. The two brothers are totally opposite from each other.” 
So much bickering was going on here and there among girls where boys seemed envious as they looked at Ryan. It might be because of his carefree lifestyle. 
Teresa turned to me and spoke out, 
“I can say, a new dumbo joined our school.” 
I looked at her and chuckled. “Why?” 
“Look at this young man. Wasn’t his brother enough to cause a drama? Now that he has joined, we can expect more girls to scream over both of them. I believe our students are watching too many school dramas. As a result, they are emulating it in order to experience such drama in real life.” 
I cast a peek toward Ryan, who had just opened the bottle of champagne. Everyone drew their glasses closer to him. 
“One thing I must say,” Teresa said. 
“What?” 
She whispered, “He is indeed more handsome than your Ethan.” 
I groaned and grabbed her wrist. 
“What happened?” 
“Can we leave now?” 
“Please stay for a while. We just got here. At least for half an hour? Please?” 
I could not say no to Teresa. She enjoyed attending parties. Just because I did not like it or was offended by Ethan did not mean I had to spoil Teresa’s happy times. 
I nodded, and she led me to the bar. 
“Just ignore that jerk,” Teresa murmured to me, motioning to Ethan. 
We sat a bit away from Ethan. He appeared to be in a bad mood. I remembered his mood being low in the morning as well. Did he truly have a rough relationship with his brother? 
Julie spoke something to him, and Ethan shifted his tool towards us. 
I was surprised when he glanced at me. I could not look away from his deep, dark eyes. 
He averted his gaze and returned his attention to Julie before shaking his head. Julie said something again and laughed. 
“This girl must be up to something. She is clinging to Ethan like super glue. They broke up and haven’t gotten back together after all these times. So, why now?” Teresa said. 
“Yeah.” I nodded as I did not have the answer either. I glanced at the waiter. 
“What would you like to drink, Miss?” 
“Water.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Okay.” 
Teresa requested a drink of beer, and the waiter gave me a glass of water. I did not enjoy drinking. It was not like my parents would chastise me for it, but I did not like it. 
The loud music began to make people’s heads spin. People started dancing as they had never danced before. There were many boys and girls drinking. Some of them began to make out as if it was the best place for it. 
Teresa introduced me to two girls named Lily and Eliza. They seemed to be cheerful girls. Teresa encouraged me to join them in the dance, but I refused. I assured her she may go to the dance and that I would wait patiently for her return. 
She was first concerned, but Lily persuaded her that I would be fine sitting there. 
I could see Teresa dancing on the dance floor. At the party, she was having a fantastic time. 
I grinned as I saw her smile and bounce to the music. 
I started to become bored after a few minutes. When I took out my phone, I discovered five missed calls. 
“Shit!” 
I scolded myself when I saw the missed calls from my father’s phone number. 
Teresa, who was dancing, caught my eye. I did not bother her and went in search of a quiet place to call my father. 
I proceeded to the far left side corner of the club. I could hear the music starting to fade as I stepped inside. 
But my steps halted when I spotted a guy making out with a girl. 
The boy’s hands tightened around the girl’s waist. His face was buried in her neck. 
My phone’s screen lit up, and a ringtone began to play. 
As if his make-out session had been interrupted, the boy shifted his enraged gaze to my side. 
In the dim light, I could see his face.
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3
“YOU!” 
It was none other than Ryan Iversen. I felt disgusted. He had only recently returned to this pack and was already making out with girls! 
He arched an eyebrow and replied, 
“Yeah, it’s me, and for your kind information, it’s my party, baby.” 
I got angry when he addressed me as “Baby”. 
My phone kept ringing, so I ignored him and continued walking. I came to a stop a short distance away and received the call. 
“Dad” 
“Where are you, Allison?”
“W-Well Dad, I came to a party.” 
“A party? What party?” 
My father’s voice came out desperately. He always cared about me a lot. Since I was an Omega, he and my mother cared about my safety. 
“My school’s party. I came here with Teresa. So don’t worry, Dad. She will drop me off at home.” 
“That’s a relief. You were not receiving calls, so your mom got worried.” 
“Tell her that I will come back soon.” 
“Okay, take care and come back safely.” 
“Yes, Dad.”
He hung up the call, and I sighed. I did not tell him that I was in a club. I was not a kid anymore. So they did not need to worry about me. 
I turned around to go back to Teresa. 
But the moment I turned, I gasped. 
“Done talking?” 
I glared at Ryan. “You almost scared me to death.” 
The left corner of his lips lifted slightly. “Well, most of the girls died on my handsome face, baby.” 
He winked at me and chuckled after seeing my stunned reaction. 
He did not look like someone I could mess with. His black clothing gave him a dark aura.
I did not tell him who I was. He might not recognize me, just like I didn’t when I first saw him. 
I took a step to pass by his side, but he stopped me. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Let me go,” I said with a cold tone. 
“Tsk. What about the damage you caused?” 
When I heard his words, I looked up at him. He was very tall. He was indeed handsome, but it did not grab my attention. He was not a good boy. 
“What damage are you talking about?” I asked. 
“You just ruined my sweet time with a beauty. Now who will pay the compensation?”
I was confused. What exactly was he talking about? 
He took a step closer to me, and I was startled. 
The buttons on his shirt were undone. Under the dim light from behind me, I could see his chest. 
“Esto quod es” 
It was written across the right side of his ribcage. It was almost six inches high, wrapping around the majority of his side, and it was hard to miss. 
Before his body almost touched mine, I pushed his chest hard with my hands. 
“Stay away from me.” 
I rushed out of the corner but bumped into another person.
‘How come I keep bumping into people today?’ I sighed and grumbled. 
Unfortunately, it was Ethan. When he noticed me coming around the corner, he grimaced. When he peered behind me, his expression became solemn. 
Ryan appeared around the corner as I turned my head. He smirked at Ethan when he spotted him. 
I returned my gaze to Ethan. 
“Excuse me.” 
I moved away from Ethan and reached the dance floor. 
Teresa was nowhere to be found. I started to look for her. 
To locate Teresa, I continued lightly pushing people on the dance floor.
A hand grabbed my hand and drew me away from the crowd. 
“Here you are! Where were you? When I came back to the barside, I could not find you.” Teresa said while huffing. 
“Dad called me, so I went to take his call.” 
“I thought I lost you at the club,” Teresa said and hugged me. 
“Let’s go back,” I murmured. 
She nodded at me, and we went out of the club. 
I took a deep breath as the fresh air reached my face. 
I felt smothered on the inside until I got out and felt alive.
Partying was definitely not my thing. Clubs were not my place. I was happy with a simple life. These people were not like me. Their lives were drastically different from mine. 
We walked to Teresa’s car and got in. Teresa started the car. 
“Where were you, by the way? I looked for you in almost the whole club.” 
“I was in a corner.” 
“Oh. I didn’t search the corners. My bad.” 
“Hmm.” I glanced outside. 
“Why is your mood off?” 
“I met the most ridiculous man I have ever seen.”
“Who?” 
“Someone who only knows how to disturb girls.” 
I heard the sound of a chuckle. I turned my head toward Teresa. 
“What?” I asked. 
“You look irritated. Who made my bestie angry?” 
“That Ryan Iversen.” I muttered. 
“WHAT?” She shouted. 
“Hey, stop shouting. Focus on the road. I don’t want to die.” 
“Allison, what did he do?” 
“Nothing. I ruined his lovely time, so he asked for a substitute.” 
“What the hell!” 
“Yeah, exactly. I pushed him hard before he could get close to me.” 
“That bastard!” 
I exhaled when Teresa started to curse Ryan. 
“Allison, stay away from Ryan. I got to know many things about him. He was a playboy at his last school. Everyone from the outside knows him, especially girls. He is very popular among girls. He does not date but only fu-” 
“OKAY OKAY STOP IT.” 
I shouted and stopped her from telling me more. 
“I don’t want to hear those stupid things.” 
“Okay.” Teresa shut her mouth and kept driving quietly. 
We reached my home. I got out of the car. “Thanks, Teresa.” 
“I should not have asked you to go with me. I only made you feel bored.” 
“No, I enjoyed the moment with you. So thanks again. It was a new experience.” 
Teresa nodded and smiled, then she drove away. 
I entered my house and saw my parents waiting for me. 
We had dinner together, then I went to sleep.
The next morning, I woke up early. 
After I had finished getting dressed for school, my mother insisted that I eat breakfast before leaving the house. 
My father chuckled, 
“What’s the hurry?” 
“Dad, I will be late.” 
“Tell them your father took your time, so you became late.” 
I shook my head. “Dad, no one knows that I am the beta’s daughter.” 
“Why?”
“I don’t want to grab any attention. They will start to treat me differently, which I don’t want. Just like they treat Ethan.” 
My mother spoke out, 
“Ryan is also going to join your school.” 
I nodded and kept eating. 
“Luna Ella told me to tell you if you could show him around since he is new.” 
I paused and thought, 
‘Yeah, he is new and has started to make out with girls already.’ 
Suddenly, my father shook his head.
“No, he is not like Ethan. You can be friends with Ethan, but not Ryan. I don’t want you to be around him, okay?” 
I looked at my father with confused eyes, but then I realized that everyone knew about Ryan’s personality. So it was good to be far away from him. 
“Don’t worry, Dad. I will stay away from him.” 
My mother did not say anything. We had breakfast silently after that. 
I caught a bus to go to school. When I arrived at my school, I noticed that the girls were in a variety of moods. Some of them appeared pleased, while others were depressed. 
I was strolling through the hallway. My gaze was drawn to Ethan. Julie was there with him. Their arms were locked, and they headed to a class. 
‘Did they patch up last night?’ I wondered. I felt heartbroken.
I turned aside and went to the locker room. I unlocked my locker but was taken aback when someone slammed the door and stood behind me. 
In shock, I turned around. 
“What made you think I could not recognize you, Allison Clark?”
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4
I stared at Ryan. There was an amazement in his eyes as if he had just caught me red-handed. 
He raised a brow. “What?” 
I averted my gaze from him and looked around to see if anyone had heard him. Everyone was looking at us while whispering to each other. 
He was not loud enough to be heard. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. 
I opened my eyes and looked up at him. 
“Can you just move?” 
“Why?” 
“What do you want, Ryan?” 
“Why didn’t you tell me about yourself when I asked you who you were?” 
I rolled my eyes. “I didn’t find it important to tell you about myself. And we are not that close anyway.” 
He was silent. I glanced at him, thinking I might be a little bit rude. 
But I was so wrong! He was smirking. I wanted to smack his smirk. 
“Ryan, what are you doing with her?” 
I heard a voice and looked behind him. It was Sophia. She was our pack’s Delta’s daughter. Everyone knew about her identity, and that was why she roamed around our school like a queen. Her first target was Ethan; however, he never gave a damn about her. 
Ryan moved back from me and turned around. 
“Nothing, Sweety. I thought I needed someone to show me around the school.” 
“What? You should tell me that. Let’s go. I will show you around.” Sophia said happily. A few girls looked interested too. 
I felt sick looking at them. How could they like a boy like Ryan? Unless they were also up for a one night stand like him. 
Ryan turned to me. 
“And you.” 
I looked at him. I was afraid he would tell everyone about me. 
“Nice to meet you, baby.” He snickered and winked at me. 
I was dumbfounded. He turned around and walked to Sophia. He wrapped his hand around her waist, and they headed to see around the whole school. 
Everyone was still looking at me. I felt so angry that I could not explain it. I was fuming. He just gave others a reason to pay attention to me, which I did not like from the start. 
Teresa rushed to me. “Is everything okay?” She asked with a worried face. 
“What would happen?” 
“I saw Ethan and Julie. Then I saw Ryan and Sophia coming out from this side. Now everyone is staring at you.” 
“Nothing happened. Ryan was annoying me.” 
“He what? Why?” 
I shook my head and opened my locker again. 
“What are you all looking at?” 
I heard Teresa yelling at others. Everyone looked away from me. 
Teresa had an aura to shut anyone down, I must say. She was a beta female. 
She also took out her books, and we went to our classes. 
When it was the last class, it was a combined class with all-year students. 
Schedule-wise, Teresa was not in the class with me today. 
I was not friendly with others, so every time, I had to attend the class alone. 
However, Ethan was also in this class. I looked around and saw there were two empty seats at the back, beside the window. But then I saw who was sitting in front of those seats. 
Ethan and Julie were sitting there. 
I bit my lips nervously and walked ahead. I did not look at Ethan. The way he insulted me last night was enough to make me avoid him, and he had a girlfriend again. So I should retain myself. 
I sat on the seat behind Julie. I tried to avoid looking in front. 
I looked outside from the window. The sky was clear today. It was a sunny day. Sunlight fell on my bench from the window. 
“Mr. Iversen, you are late.” 
I heard Professor William’s voice. I turned my head and saw Ryan standing at the door. 
“Well, I was busy roami- I mean looking around, Professor.” He replied carelessly. 
Professor William was tough. He did not even treat Ethan like a king, so Ryan was not special to him either. 
“It’s your first class, so I’m letting it go. Next time, don’t be late. Otherwi-” 
“Otherwise, give me detention or cut my marks. It’s okay, Professor. Take it easy.” 
The way Ryan interrupted Mr. William, it made others shock. 
Ryan looked around, and his eyes met mine. His infamous smirk came back to his face. 
“Look how hot he is!” 
I heard some girls. How could they whisper so loudly!! 
I tried to hide my face with my hands from Ryan immediately. 
Ethan turned his head to me as if he saw who Ryan was looking at. 
I did not look at Ethan. Why would I? Didn’t he say I was not his type? 
“Stop hiding, baby. You are not even hiding properly. Come here. Let me hide you in my jacket.” 
Everyone heard Ryan and laughed. 
I moved my hands from my face and glared at Ryan, who was now standing beside me. 
“ATTENTION, EVERYONE.” 
Professor William shouted at everyone. I glanced at the other girls. They were glaring at me as if I had committed a crime. 
‘What? Do they think I am with him? He just came back yesterday. What’s wrong with them’ 
“Focus, focus. Or do you want to go on a detention with me?” I heard Ryan again. 
I closed my eyes and tightened my fists. 
This boy was getting on my nerves. 
Why was he even talking to me? We did not know each other that well. 
Well, I sometimes went to the pack house with my mother when I was a kid. So I saw him for quite some time. That was it. Or we played one or two times, maybe, not more than that. 
I avoided him and tried to give my attention to the class. 
“Please try to understand everything, and I will not repeat it again.” Professor William said this and turned to the projector to show something. 
However, my eyes were on Ethan. He did not look okay in his seat there. His face was gloomy. I did not see Julie talk to him in the whole class. 
Another thing I noticed was that these two brothers never talked to each other. There was a rumor that they did not like each other. Why was that? 
I somehow got lost in Ethan’s side profile. He was the only one for me. No matter who came in front of me, I would choose him without any second thought. However, his face also reminded me of what he said last night in the club. 
Suddenly, I felt a breath in my right ear. I almost gasped loudly but prevented myself when I heard Ryan. 
“I see. You are in love with him.”
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5
It had been one week since I started to avoid Ethan. 
That day, I did not reply to his brother, Ryan. He said I was in love with Ethan. I was surprised at first, but then I realized he could read my eyes when I was looking at his brother. 
After that day, he did not come to bother me again. 
He became very popular in our school. As Teresa said, he did not date. I only saw him with different girls each time. 
Ethan also looked strange whenever he was around me. I did not know why. Since I was avoiding him, I should not think about it either. 
“My honey’s birthday is tomorrow. I am so excited.” 
I heard Teresa cheer up about my birthday. 
It was going to be my eighteenth birthday. I somehow felt nervous. It was the time when werewolves found their mates. If before that someone marked me, I could be his mate. But I had not mated with someone yet, so I would get someone as my mate. 
“What are you thinking?” Teresa patted my shoulder. 
I shook my head. “Nothing.” 
“Are you still thinking about Ethan?” 
I sighed. I was not, but at the same time, yes, I was thinking about him. 
His relationship with Julie was not clear. He did not declare it either. But I was not his type, and my birthday was tomorrow, so I had to think only about my mate. 
Since he did not like me, I should not think about him either. 
“I am worried about my mate.” I explained to Teresa. 
“Don’t worry. He will understand you. You know a mate can change your life with happiness.” 
I nodded my head. But it was not that. 
I always felt like Ethan was my mate. I felt that for a long time. I felt somehow connected with him. I was sure he could not feel that otherwise; he would at least try to talk to me about it. 
We talked for some time and then went back to our classes. 
After my last class, I was waiting for Teresa. I was passing a few classrooms when I heard growls. 
My legs stopped. I turned my head towards the classroom and went close to the door. 
The hallway was empty. I looked around and discovered that I was the only one there. 
Suddenly, I heard the sound of a thud. I immediately opened the door and saw two boys holding each other’s collars. 
I was shocked when I saw their faces. 
“Ethan!” 
I shouted and rushed to him. But before I could reach him, Ryan had already thrown a punch in his face. 
Blood was coming out of the corner of Ethan’s lip. 
Ethan backed away, and his back rested on a wall. I cupped his cheeks and asked, 
“A-Are you o-okay? What is happening?” 
He frowned when he saw me. He slightly moved my hand from his face. 
My own actions astounded me. Ethan wiped the blood off his lips with his thumb. 
I looked at Ryan, who was glaring at me. 
“What’s happening? Why are you hitting him?” I asked him. 
He stared at me for a few seconds, and his eyes became dark, which made me frightened. In those days, he only behaved childishly with me. I had never seen him like this. 
I remembered when he was a kid, he always got mad at others. 
Without my realization, Ethan walked to him and punched him hard. 
I was shocked. They started to fight again. Like wild beasts, they were up to each other’s necks. 
“Can you both stop?” I said and tried to move Ethan. 
I did not know what to do. Should I call someone for help? One of them broke his lips, and the other broke his cheek. 
What would I do? 
I tried again to move them but got pushed by them. 
“Aaah!” 
I fell on a wall and got hurt in my head. I held my forehead. 
Ethan and Ryan both stopped fighting and looked at me. They looked stunned. They did not think that I would get hurt. 
“Fuck! What happened to you?” Ethan said and rushed to me. 
Ryan was standing where he was while looking at me. 
I felt dizzy. 
“D-Don’t fight.” 
I felt darkness engulf me and everything blanked around me. 
When I woke up I saw a white ceiling. I tried to sit up but felt a hand pushing my shoulder lightly. 
“Don’t sit up. You need some rest.” 
I heard Teresa. I turned my head to the right side and saw that she was sitting on a tool close to the bed. 
I touched my forehead and felt a bandaid on the left side of my forehead. 
“What happened?” I asked her. 
I remembered the fight and then suddenly I got hurt. 
“I called you. Ethan received the call and told me to come to this infirmary.” 
“Ethan? How is he?” 
“He looked fine to me. Just a cut in his lips.” 
“Where is he?” 
“He left the moment I came here.” 
I nodded and closed my eyes. 
I took some rest and Teresa waited for me for an hour while sitting there. 
I stood up. The nurse told me I was fine to go. I took a painkiller and went out of the hospital with Teresa. 
She dropped me home and told me to take care of myself. 
When I entered my home, my mom saw my forehead and asked, 
“What happened to you You got hurt!” 
“Mom, I was feeling weak then I slipped.” 
“You need to eat more. Should we go to the pack doctor for a check up?” She looked hella worried. 
“No, mom. I am totally fine. I just need some rest.” 
She stroked my head and nodded. I went to my room and lay on my bed. I thought about today’s fight. Why were they fighting? 
When it was night time, I was going to have dinner when my mother came with a bag. 
“Wear this and come down, honey.” 
It was a beautiful brown colored dress inside the bag. I took it out and smiled. 
“Mom, you did not have to do this.” 
She kissed my forehead and said, 
“Your dad threw a party tonight. Teresa is waiting for you downstairs.” 
I was not surprised. Every year my father called Teresa and arranged a small party for us four, on my birthday night. I was happy with it. 
“Okay, mom.” I replied with a bright smile. 
But my smile froze when I heard my mother’s next sentence. 
“It’s such an honor that Alpha Neil and his family also came tonight to celebrate your birthday with us.”
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6
“Allison, my dear, everyone is waiting for you downstairs. Come fast.” 
My mother shouted from downstairs. 
I was in a daze when my mother left my room. 
She told me that Alpha Neil’s family had come. That meant Ethan also came here. I shook my head. 
‘No, no. I can not think about him anymore,’ I told myself. 
I glanced at myself in the mirror. I was in a long brown dress. It was a simple yet pretty dress. My mother chose it for me. It was my birthday gift from her. 
I was not particularly eager to put on much makeup, so I only applied mascara and light pink lipstick. 
I left my room and went downstairs.
I was stunned when I saw the decorations in my own house. It appeared to be rather fascinating. There were so many flowers everywhere, and the fragrance of roses tickled my nostrils. 
‘When did they do all of these?’ I thought. 
I smiled and went to the living room. 
The moment I entered, a pair of arms wrapped around my body and hugged me. 
“You look so pretty.” 
I smiled at my best friend. My parents loved her too. She was my best friend, so my birthday party without her was impossible. 
“Thank you, bestie,” I replied. 
She moved away from me, and I noticed others in the room.
My father, mother, Alpha Neil, Luna Ella, and the Iversen brothers. 
Ethan looked disturbed, and I did not know why. On the other hand, Ryan looked at me as if he were amazed. 
I looked away from them. 
“My child, come here. Your daughter is a big girl now, Glen.” Alpha Neil said this to my father and reached out a hand to me. 
I smiled lightly. I walked to him and held his hand. 
“Alpha” 
“I last saw you two years ago. After that, your mother never took you to the pack house with her.” He complained. 
My mother shook her head. “My apologies, Alpha. I will take her with me next time.” 
“How beautiful she is looking! Joey, we should meet more.” Luna Ella said to my mother while stroking my hair. 
I blushed when I heard her. 
We sat and talked about the old days. I glanced at Ethan. 
Surprisingly, he was also looking at me. I wanted to look away, but my eyes did not listen to my mind, but to my heart. 
He averted his gaze, took out his phone, and started to use it. 
I took a close look at him. He was dressed in a white shirt and black jeans. His fair neck complemented the white shirt. His muscles were practically visible through his shirt. 
I was about to look away but stopped when I felt a gaze over me. My eyes moved to the right side of Ethan. 
Ryan was staring at me. His black jacket and black pants gave him a mafia look. 
‘He must be feeling bored since he could not see any girls here to flirt with.’ I thought. 
Luna Ella noticed me looking at Ryan. 
“Do you know Ryan?” she asked me. 
Before I could answer, Alpha Neil replied, 
“How could she know him? She is a good girl. Your son could not be on a good girl’s knowing list.” 
Everyone became silent. It looked like the rumor was correct. Alpha Neil and Ryan definitely did not have a good relationship. 
“Dad” 
I heard Ethan’s voice and turned my head to him. He called Alpha Neil ‘Dad’ and Luna Ella ‘Mom’ from his childhood after his parents’ deaths. 
Ethan shook his head at Alpha Neil, as if telling him not to argue. 
“Yes, you are right, Alpha. I think I should not have come to this party either.” 
Ryan’s voice echoed in the room. He stood up and headed to the main door. 
“Ryan” 
Ethan stood up and went on behind him. They went out of our house. 
“What drama are they doing? Did they plan to ruin my best friend’s birthday?” Teresa muttered angrily. 
I held her hand softly to stop her from whispering at that moment. 
“Alpha, calm down.” My father said to Alpha Neil. Luna Ella looked upset. 
I glanced outside and saw Ethan grab Ryan’s arm and pull him somewhere. 
“Two minutes left.” Teresa stood up and tried to ease the atmosphere. She went to the kitchen room and came out with a big cake. 
“Wow,” I mumbled. 
It was a beautiful cake with white-pink colored decorations. ‘1’ and ‘8’ candles were lit up in the center of the cake to show that the birthday girl was going to turn eighteen years old. 
When the clock turned 12 a.m., I stood up, and everyone gathered around me. 
I did not think about anyone else at that moment. I closed my eyes and made a wish for myself in my mind.
“I hope I will get my mate soon and move on with my life.” 
I opened my eyes and blew out the two candles. Everyone clapped and cheered for me. 
I cut the cake, and everyone wished me luck. My mother almost cried when I turned eighteen. It was an age when werewolves became adults and started to find their mates; after that, they started their families. 
“Happy Birthday.” 
Teresa made me eat a whole big piece of the cake. I giggled and took a tissue to wipe my lips. Others laughed at us. 
“Where are they? Let me check.” Luna Ella said she wanted to go outside to check on Ethan and Ryan. 
“It’s okay, Luna. Allison, go and call them inside.” My father stopped her and asked me to go outside.
I could not deny him. I headed to the main door. 
When I came out of my house, I started to feel strange. 
My breath stirred to become heavy, and my heart began to beat fast. 
I felt the scent of dark chocolate. It had not only a chocolaty smell but also something addictive. 
I stepped to find the scent, to search for the owner of this scent. I strolled ahead and started to walk on the road. 
Suddenly, my steps halted when I saw two figures standing beside the road. 
I could see their backs facing me. I was a little farther from them. 
My wolf started to growl in happiness because she had finally found her mate.
It was one of them! 
My wolf began to chant, ‘Mate.’ 
But the moment one of them turned around with red eyes, I could not control my tongue and let out, 
“MATE?”
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7
“MATE?” 
His eyes were gazing into mine. I could not describe how I felt at that time. In fact, I could not believe it. 
“Ethan is my mate?’ 
ad 
It was like a dream I had been dreaming of for a long time came true. 
I loved him from my childhood days. We were kids. He always played with me, and we became playmates. But then he started to go to training to become an Alpha and I was busy with my studies. 
However, I was in the same middle school as him. My eyes always followed him wherever he went. 
One day, I was going back home alone; that night, I was trapped in danger. A few hooligans were passing the road and saw me. They tried to molest me, but in that hazardous moment, Ethan saved me.. He did not even think about himself and protected me. 
Only Alpha and my father knew about this incident. They didn’t tell Luna and my mother about it. They did not want to make them worry. 
However, after that night, my love for Ethan turned deep. I could not think of anyone else in my life except him. 
I could not believe that destiny was always on my side. He was my mate; that was why I always fell for him, no matter how much I tried 
to stay away. 
I stared at Ethan. He parted his lips to say something but stopped himself. 
One thing I could see was that he was not looking surprised. 
‘Did he know about it?’ I thought. 
1 stepped towards him. My attention was so focused on him that I almost missed Ryan standing beside him. 
I stood in front of Ethan. He also gaped at me. I smiled at him and 
said, 
“Mate” 
I heard someone clear his throat. I turned my head beside Ethan. Ryan was still there. 
He glanced at me and then at Ethan. 
He came closer to me and whispered in my ear, 
“Bingo! You have got your prince…. Oh, sorry, your king and your mate.” 
I did not reply to him. I just want to see Ethan. There were so many things that I wanted to ask Ethan. 
Ryan moved back and left the place, leaving me and Ethan alone. 
I turned to Ethan and wanted to hear his thoughts. 
His glowing red eyes turned black. He held my hand. 
“Come with me.” 
His voice felt desperate to me. I was happy that he yearned to talk to 
1. 
He took me to the forest side. We entered the forest and went a little deep. 
He left my hand and looked at me. 
I smiled at him again. “I can not believe this is true.” 
He averted his gaze and nodded. “It’s true. You are my mate.” 
“You don’t look surprised. Why Ethan? Did you know about it?” 
Ethan was silent. I frowned at him. 
“Why are you not saying anything?” 
When I still did not get any reply, I nodded my head. 
“It’s fine. Now everything is okay.” 
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He turned away from me. 
‘What happened to him?’ I asked myself. 
“Ethan?” 
“Allison, I can’t accept you.” 
I frowned when I heard him. “W-What?” 
I could see that he tightened his fists. What was wrong with him? 
“I-Is it because of Julie?” I asked with a bit of hope that he would tell me that he was just kidding. 
This time he turned to me and looked into my eyes directly. 
“Not because of her. It’s just that I can’t be with an Omega.” 
In just one moment, my frown was removed and my brows raised. 
I knew I was an ordinary omega, but I never thought I would have to hear this from him. 
“W-What d-do you m-mean?” I could not help but stutter. 
He shook his head. “Look, I know our families are friends. That’s why I did not want to tell you about this at first. I started to feel the bond last week. However, I don’t want this.” 
I stepped back. My lips were trembling, unable to let out anything. 
“I knew it.” I said in a lower tone. 
“What?” He asked. 
“That, I am not your type.” 
“I said that because I knew you were behind me.” 
I looked at him. “And you still say that? You planned to break my 
heart?” 
He looked away from me. “I don’t know what you feel for me, but-” 
“NO. YOU REALLY DON’T KNOW HOW I FEEL FOR YOU.” 
I shouted at him. I could not prevent myself anymore. I wanted to tell him how I felt for him. I wanted to say to him that he was the only one in my heart. 
Though, with my shout, his eyes became dark, I forced myself to say what was in my heart. 
“If I have ever felt for someone in my life, that’s you, Ethan. I fell for you. I don’t even know from when.” 
“Those are your feelings, not mine.” 
I laughed at myself. Tears rolled down my cheeks. 
“Then why did you save me that night?” 
“Are you crazy? If it were not you but any other girl in your place, I would do the same. You are a weak omega, who was not able to protect yourself from danger. If there were an Alpha or Beta female, they would have never needed my help.” 
His words shattered my heart. Did he plan to break me until the end? 
“Listen to me, Allison. I have no feelings for you. You can’t force yourself on me by the name of mate bond. I am your pack’s future. 
Alpha. Your Luna should be someone powerful who can save the whole pack and stand with your Alpha. Not someone who herself needs protection from others.” 
I lowered my head. I felt humiliated and ashamed. He saved me, and because of that incident, he was taunting me. 
I was speechless. What was this pain in my heart? I felt heavy there. 
Then I heard the most ruthless statement. I had never imagined that my mate would do that to me. 
“I, Alpha Ethan, reject you, Omega Allison as my mate.” 
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8
Third POV 
“I, Alpha Ethan, reject you, Omega Allison as my mate.” 
Allison immediately grabbed her heart. She felt a loud noise in both of her ears. It did not come from outside but inside of her. 
She could see Ethan leaving her alone in the forest. She tried her best to stand straight until he left. 
The moment he left, she fell to the ground and screamed in pain. 
“Aaaaahh!” 
She clutched her clothes, and almost pierced her nails in her palms. 
Why was the pain unbearable? What was happening to her? Would 
she die? 
Her head was burning like hell. Her wolf started to howl inside. She was whimpering in pain. 
How could he do that to her? Did he not know that by rejecting his mate, she could die too? 
“Please help me, Moon Goddess.” 
She begged the moon goddess. Though she knew there was no way to save from this intolerable pain. 
It was nature’s law. If anyone broke it, they had to bear the 
consequences. However, the law was one-sided. Only the wolf who got rejected could feel the pain. 2 
But what about the wolf who rejected his mate? How could he live his life normally without feeling anything? 
Allison’s condition was miserable. She felt a sharp pain in her heart as if she was losing something. 
She lay on the ground and her eyes became heavy. It was difficult for her to keep her eyes open anymore. She started to see dark. 
At that time, she saw a dark silhouette coming close to her. 
She tried to maintain her eyes to open but before she could ask for help, the dark around her engulfed her totally. She fully lost 
consciousness. 
Allison’s parents were busy with talking with Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. Teresa was sending a message to Allison about where she was. 
At that time, Ryan came back to Allison’s house. His arms were carrying her. She looked unconscious. 
“ALLISON!” 
Allison’s mother Joey screamed when she saw her daughter. 
“What happened to her?” Beta Glen, Allison’s father asked Ryan. 
Ryan looked at Glen and asked, 
“Where is her room?” 
He did not care to answer their questions. He did not know what had happened either. But what he knew was Ethan did something to her. He could only guess what happened 
“Upstairs. The first room.” Allison’s mother said. 
Ryan went to Allison’s room and lay her in her bed. Teresa and Joey followed him behind. 
He came out and went downstairs. Teresa and Joey also went there. They wanted to know the answer. 
“She is okay. I think she felt weak so she fainted.” Ryan said to 
everyone. 
Alpha Neil rushed towards him and grabbed his collar. 
“What did you do to her? Tell me. You surely did something. She was okay when she was here. She went to call you now, what happened to 
her?” 
Ryan rolled his eyes. He grabbed his father’s hands and moved them from his collar. 
“You have your favorite son. Why don’t you ask your son about it rather than me huh?” 2 
His voice was chilly. He was looking into his father’s eyes directly. 
Everyone was shocked. No one had ever talked to Alpha Neil like that. 
Before Alpha Neil scolded him, he left the house without looking at 
anyone. 
“This brat!” 
“As far as I can tell, he never lies. He said he did not do anything.” Luna Ella pleaded to Alpha Neil. 
“It’s your fault. You spoiled him too much.” 
“Relax Alpha. I called our pack doctor. He is coming.” Beta Glen said. He was also worried for his daughter. 
The pack doctor came to check on Allison, he said Allison was very weak but soon it would be okay. 
“Why is this all happening to my child?” Joey cried. 
Luna Ella patted her shoulder. “Don’t worry, Joey. She will be fine.” 
The pack doctor left. Alpha Neil and Luna Ella also left the house. In their car, Alpha Neil called Ethan. He said he was at home. He said he was feeling bored so he went back early. 
Meanwhile In the pack house, 
Ethan was sitting on his bed. He did not like Allison in any other way. How could he make his Luna an Omega girl? 
‘I am not a simple wolf like others. My whole pack’s responsibility is on my shoulder. How can I let my pack in danger because of my mate? She is just a vulnerable wolf. She can’t be the queen of this realm. I did nothing wrong. I just thought about my people. That’s it. 
He made himself understand that he did the right thing. 
His wolf was not happy with him. His eyes turned dark. He punched the wall in anger. 
‘So what if she said she loves me? Every girl is head over heel for me. I can’t love her back. I should not feel any sympathy for her.’ 
He heard the sound of shoes. He glanced at the door and the d 
burst open. 
Ryan entered the room and rushed to Ethan at a high speed. 
Ethan could not take the time to stand up. Ryan punched his cheek. hard and grabbed his collar. 
“How dare you do that?” 
Ethan scoffed and pushed him. Ryan moved back. Ethan stood up and glared at him. 
“Your hands are running too much nowadays. I am just controlling 
myself because of Mom you know. Otherwise, I have hands too.” 
“Why?” Ryan asked the last question again. 
“What why? I don’t want her. She is just a normal girl. She doesn’t deserve to be this pack’s Luna.” 
Ryan laughed when he heard Ethan. 
“Today you made me believe that you are actually Alpha Neil’s son. When I was abroad I only heard about him making you like a perfect Alpha. Now I understand what others meant. You actually
became a great Alpha, Ethan. You thought about your people and sacrificed your own mate. What a kind person you are!” 
“You have nothing to do with it. Just stay away from me and her.” Ethan glared and warned him. 
Ryan nodded his head. 
“Since you already rejected her and she is no one to you…” 
He paused and smirked at him, 
“Then let me have her.” 
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9
“Then let me have her.” 
Hearing that Ethan sneered at Ryan. “She knows you are a playboy. Do you think you can actually have her?” 
Ryan shrugged his shoulders. “There is nothing in this world that Ryan Iversen can’t have.” 
“Don’t forget who her father is. She is Beta Glen’s daughter. He will kill you.” 
“The one who rejected his daughter talking about his capability to me. Funny isn’t it?” 
Ethan averted his gaze from Ryan. He tilted his neck. His bruised cheek by Ryan’s punch was also healed in a few minutes. 
“What if your impressed dad will get to know about his son’s action? What will happen to your name in his good books huh?” Ryan said to 
him and raised a brow. 
His eyes turned dark. “If you want to tell him, you can. I am no one to stop you.” 
“Are you serious? A coward like you who could not dare to accept an omega, talk like this?” 
Ethan turned around. “I am already messed up. Just leave me alone.” 
Ryan nodded his head. “Looks like you are not happy after rejecting her. Why?” 
He stepped toward him and whispered in his ear, 
“Are you regretting it already, brother?” 
Ethan turned and pushed him. “She is just a normal girl like others. Why would I regret it? She is no match for me. She knows that. I don’t even like her. So shut your mouth and get out of my room.” 
Ryan smiled at him. “I see. Okay then.” 
He was about to leave when Ethan spoke out, 
“Stay away from her. She will not be one of your playthings.” 
Ryan scoffed when he heard him. “Bye, my Alpha Brother.” 
Then Ryan left Ethan’s room. 
Ethan stared at the door which was just shut by Ryan. 
He did not know why but he got enraged when Ryan said about taking 
Allison. 
He lay down on his bed, one hand behind his head. He closed his eyes and the pain in her eyes when he rejected her flashed in his mind. 
‘I should have given her some time before rejecting her. She is an omega. It might be painful.’ He thought. 
He opened his eyes and sat up. He shook his head. 
“What are you thinking, Ethan? She is just a girl you know. You just could not make her your Luna. Julie is an Alpha female. So she is the better option. Yes, she is the best option for this pack too. Moonlight Crown is the largest pack among the all packs. I could not risk my pack with this silly
mate thing. I don’t even like her. So I made the right decision.” He told himself or he could say convince himself. 
Ryan was heading downstairs. He saw his parents had just entered the pack house. 
Alpha Neil looked at him and asked, 
“Tell me truly what you did with her?” 
He stopped and frowned at his father. His parents came to him and stood in front of him. 
Luna Ella gulped when she saw her husband was fuming. She could not help and asked her son, 
“Dear, why was she with you? You were with Ethan right? Where was he at that time? Why did you take Allison back alone?” 
Ryan was stunned that his mother also doubted him. For once he wanted to tell them about what Ethan did. He parted his lips but paused when he heard his father. 
“What are you saying? Have you lost your mind, Ella? Do you think Ethan could do anything bad to any girl? You know how reserved he is. He doesn’t have any scandal either. But this spoiled brat is the one who is always in controversy with women. Ask him what he did. It’s not his foreign country but Moonlight Crown pack. Glen is not just my beta but my best friend. I know he will never say anything to me. But saw how hurt he was when he saw her daughter in that miserable state. Her hair was messed up. Her makeup was ruined as if she cried. Do you think it was a normal fact? Do you think Ethan could be the reason behind it? Impossible! I can’t even ask him about it. He will 
take all the blame on behalf of his brother.” 
Ryan rolled his eyes. He nodded his head. 
“So what do you want me to answer? Do you want to hear that I did. something to her? Then okay fine. I tried to molest her. Is that now 
-oka-” 1 
Before Ryan could complete he felt a slap in his right cheek. It was so hard that he almost felt his cheekbone broken. 
“NEIL!” 
Luna Ella shouted when she saw her husband slap her son. 
Ryan turned his head slowly to his father. His eyes were profound. 
that made almost shook his parents but they were also powerful. The Alpha and Luna of Moonlight Crown were not fearful of anyone and it was just their son. 
“Why am I not surprised, Alpha Neil?” He said while gritting his teeth. 
Alpha Neil glared at him. “Stay away from her. I don’t want you to be around her. She is precious to us, a family member. You can’t touch 
her.” 
An illumination of hatred glowed inside Ryan’s eyes. 
“I will not let you stay peacefully with your son. Just mark my word, Alpha Neil Iversen.” 
Luna Ella gasped. “Ryan, my child listened to me. Don’t do anything stupi-” 
Ryan did not listen to his mother and left the pack house furiously. He had only one place to ease his mind. He dialed a number. 
“I am coming to the club. Meet me in ten minutes.” He hung up and got in his car then left for the club. 
Allison could see herself. She was in a dark forest. It was a full moon night. She was all alone in the forest and lost her way to go back. 
Suddenly she heard growls. She turned around and saw two black wolves were rushing toward her. 
They both looked dangerous to her. 
“No.” She said and started to run away from them. She did not know where she was going. All she wanted was to save herself. 
However, she could not escape. She felt them close behind her. She 
could not help but scream 
NOT 
Allison opened her eyes and 
the wee huffing She was 
sweating She wiped the cold war from Her forehead and sighed 
“I was just a dream 
no 
was scand death She said and was about 
to get down from the bed 
But her eyes widener She frowned or brows and placed her hand on 
her heen the nould not feel anything aids Her lips quivered “Where is my wolf? 
could not help but scream, 
“NO!” 
Allison opened her eyes and sat up. She was huffing. She was sweating. She wiped the cold sweat from her forehead and sighed. 
“It was just a dream. I was scared to death.” She said and was about to get down from the bed. 
But her eyes widened. She frowned her brows and placed her hand on her heart. She could not feel anything inside. Her lips quivered. 
“Where is my wolf?” 
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10
Everyone was worried for Allison. Teresa just left the house after assuring Allison’s mother that she would be okay. 
Beta Glen and his wife Joey left Allison’s room half an hour ago. They 
would check on her in the morning. 
All of a sudden they heard Allison’s scream. 
“NO!” 
Beta Glen looked at Joey, she also looked at her husband. 
“Allison!” 
They let out and went on upstairs. They opened the door and saw Allison crying. 
“What happened, my princess?” Beta Glen asked and hugged her. 
Joey started to cry when she saw Allison crying. What happened to her daughter? 
Allison shook her head when she realized that her parents came to 
see her. 
She wiped her tears and replied, 
“Nothing, Mom and Dad.” 
They looked at her carefully. “Why are you crying?” Joey asked. 
Allison was silent. 
“It’s okay if you don’t want to say anything.” Beta Glen said, 
Allison shook her head. Her voice was hoarse. She replied with that 
broken voice. 
“I just had a nightmare.” 
Beta Glen and Joey felt relieved when they heard her. 
“Don’t worry. We are always with you, my child.” Joey said. 
Allison nodded her head. She heard her father ask with a serious tone, 
“What happened that you fainted a few hours ago?” 
Allison had already remembered all the things that happened to her. Her rejection, the pain after that, everything. She tightened her fists. on the bed sheets. 
“Who took me here?” 
“Ryan took you here.” Joey replied. 
“Tell me without any fear, Allison. Did he do anything to you? Don’t worry about his dad. I will punish him by my way.” Beta Glen ensured 
her. 
Allison frowned when she heard that. 
“What? No, Dad. What are you saying? Ryan did not do anything. In fact…” She paused. She wanted to tell them it was not Ryan but Etha who did wrong to her, who broke the law after getting his mate. 
He rejected her because of her low rank. He thought she did not 
deserve him. 
“In fact what?” 
She glanced at her father and then at her mother. She did not want to break her parent’s hearts. They would feel heart broken if they heard about their daughter’s broken mate bond. 
So she took a deep breath and lied to them. 
“In fact, I was lost in the forest while looking for those two brothers. I 
was exhausted and fainted. Ryan helped me to get here. Nothing else. 
Beta Glen’s face became calm as if something heavy moved from his chest. Joey smiled at Allison. 
“It’s a relief that nothing wrong happened to you. I am happy that you are okay. The doctor also said that you are just tired and weak. You need to eat more, okay?” 
“Yes, Mom.” She mumbled. 
“Good night. You need rest. And Happy birthday once again, my princess.” 
“Thanks, Dad.” 
Joey kissed her forehead. “Sleep tight.”. 
Allison nodded and smiled at them. They left her room. 
She stood up and closed the door. She did not forget to lock it. 
Then she ran to the bathroom and opened the shower. 
She started to cry loudly. She wanted to let out all of the pain in her chest. 
“Did I lose you?” She asked her wolf. 
She could not get any reply. It felt like a curse. What happened to her wolf? Was her wolf dead? 
“Why are you not responding to me?” 
She slid against the wall and pulled her legs to her chest. She screamed as she thought how disgusting Ethan was. 
“How could you do that to me? All of my life I wanted you as my mate but what did you do? You rejected me without thinking twice. All you want is high ranked woman. You don’t have a heart.” 
a 
She got mad at herself that she had been in love with such a man. 
“I just hate you, Ethan. I hate you.” 
She did not sleep the whole night. When it was early morning. She dressed up and went out of her house. 
It was too early for anyone to wake up. So she did not tell her parents. 
She took a cab and went directly to the pack hospital. 
When the cab stopped in front of the hospital, she gave the money to the driver. The driver took it but stared at her. 
“What?” She asked furiously. She was in a really bad mood. 
“Miss, are you okay?” The driver asked. 
Allison did not understand why the driver said that. But then her eyes. 
fell on the side mirror. 
She could see her dark circles and red swollen eyes. She bit her lips. 
and shook her head. 
“No, I am not. But thank you for asking, brother.” She replied and entered the pack hospital. 
She took an appointment and waited on the bench for the head 
doctor. 
“Miss. Allison.” 
The receptionist called her name. She stood up and went to the chamber of the head pack doctor. 
“Doctor Linus.” 
“Allison? What are you doing here?” Doctor Linus asked. 
He was a young delta. But he decided to serve the whole pack and 
became the head doctor of the Moonlight Crown pack. 
He was a family doctor of the head Alpha and the officials. So Allison knew him well. 
“I came to ask you something.” 
She said and sat on the chair. 
“I went to your house last night. You were sick. I had a feeling. something was wrong. But I didn’t say anything to your parents. I wanted to check on you when you woke up. It’s good that you have. come by yourself. However, what’s wrong with your eyes? Did you cry? “Doctor Linus asked and looked at her carefully. 
“M-My m-mate rejected me, Linus.” She said in a lower tone. She could not hide it from her doctor who could help her to learn the 
situation. 
“WHAT?” 
He was shocked. He stood up immediately. 
Allison nodded her head. “I can’t feel my wolf, Linus. What happened to her? Did I l-lose h-her?” She stuttered. 
Doctor Linus checked on her. He sighed and took out a tonic. Then placed it on the table in front of Allison. 
“Your wolf is not dead. But she caged herself inside you. She needs time, Allison. She had to bear the pain of a sin which is forbidden to accomplish.” 
Allison was thankful to the moon goddess that she did not take her wolf away from her. 
“I am surprised that you are not in an alarming situation like other rejected wolves usually are.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Doctor Linus shook his head and made a shocking statement. 
“Only a powerful high ranked wolf can come out of the consequences 
of rejection. But you are an Omega, 
How did you do that, Allison?” 
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11
Allison POV 
I was flabbergasted when I heard Doctor Linus. ‘What is he saying? A powerful high ranked wolf can only do that? If it’s true then how did I survive? It is indeed questionable.’ I thought. 
Doctor Linus patted my head when he saw me lost in some thoughts. 
“Don’t think too much. We all are moon children. You may get some blessings. That’s why you are totally fine. However, it could take your wolf’s or your life too.” 
I smiled at him sadly. I wanted to laugh at myself. How foolish I was! 
Loving someone who did not love you back was undoubtedly a wrong decision. 
I made the worst choice to break my heart. 
If my mate was someone I did not know then I would think less, but it was the same man I loved. 
“Who is he?” 
I heard Doctor Linus. I looked at him with my glossy eyes. 
“Who is he, Allison? I promise I won’t tell anyone. You can trust me.” 
I lowered my head. “It’s your Alpha Ethan.” 
He gasped. He could not believe what I had just said to him. 
Ethan was the soon to be head Alpha. He was a good friend of Doctor Linus too. Because in any problem, Ethan called Linus to treat him. 
A pack doctor’s first priority was the head Alpha and the Luna. Since Ethan was the future Alpha, Linus was close to him. 
“Are you serious?” 
“Y-Yeah.” I replied in a lower tone. I knew Linus would not say 
anything to anyone. He would not let anything out about his future Alpha to others. So I did not need to worry. 
I stood up and took the tonic from the table. 
He hurriedly looked at me. “I am sorry for what happened to you.” 
“No need. Thank you. But don’t tell anyone else about my wolf, especially your Alpha.” 
“Okay. But you have to drink the tonic daily after three meals. It’s a powerful potion for omegas. You can’t have healing power now since your wolf is not responding to you. You are weaker now without her. So this tonic would help you a little.” 
“Thanks again.” I nodded and left the pack hospital. 
I went back to my house and saw my parents had just woken up. 
They asked me about where I was. I told them I went for a normal check up. They wished for my birthday again to make me feel special every moment. I could not destroy their happiness and did not tell them the truth. I would hide it, hide it forever. 
A few days passed and I shut myself in my room. 
I did not come out for a long time. My parents told me to go out or go 
to school but I refused. I wanted to stay alone for a few days. 
It was Monday, I was sleeping in my room when I heard a loud ringtone. 
I took out my right hand from the blanket and started to search for my phone in the bed. 
I found it and grabbed it. 
“This loud noise!” I mumbled. 
It was Teresa who called me early in the morning to disturb my sleep. 
“What? I am sleeping.” I said with a sleepy voice. My eyes were closed, still yearning for sleep. 
“You have ten minutes.” 
“For what?” 
“To get ready and come downstairs. 
I opened my eyes and sat up. 
“What the hell!” 
Our sem 
“Honey, is coming. Our lovely professors don’t know that you are their Beta’s daughter. So they dared to warn me to take you back to the school. It’s been a week and you have been absent without any application.” 
I rubbed my eyes. “No. I don’t want to go.” I muttered but again I had no reason to say them for my absence. 
I went to the bathroom and did my morning routine. I wore a loose dress and did a low ponytail. I looked at myself in the mirror. 
I wore show glasses to hide my dark circles then went downstairs. I saw my parents were talking to each other. Teresa did not come inside the house yet. She might be in her car outside. 
“Mom, Dad.” 
They turned to me and smiled. 
“Finally. You are now going to school.” My mother said. 
I nodded at them and smiled slightly. They always told me that I have become very quiet nowadays. They had been asking me why I was 
35 
shutting myself at home. I told them I did not feel well. 
I knew what they misunderstood about this. They thought I had a boyfriend and he might have broken up with me. So they started to tell me to move on in life. Though it was not true, their advice really worked well for me. 
I went out of my house and saw Teresa waiting for me in her car. I got in the car. She hugged me. 
“I missed you so much. How are you feeling now?” 
“I am just good.” 
“Now you are back. We will punish that Ethan. I swear I will kill him.” 
‘Just don’t talk about him.” 
“Okay, I won’t.” She replied. 
I nodded at her and she started her car. 
Actually, I told my best friend everything when she came to meet me once at my house. That time she was furious at Ethan. But I took a promise from her that she would not tell anything to Ethan or anyone. I just wanted to forget everything. 
We reached our school. I got down and felt somehow good since I came back after a long period. 
We entered the hallway and started to go to the locker to take out our things. 
However, a hand grabbed my hand and dragged me somewhere. 
“Hey! Where are you taking her?” Teresa shouted. 
I frowned when I saw who it was. 
“What do you want?” I asked. 
He stopped walking and turned his head to me. 
It was a corner where the common room was situated. The room was locked so at this early time no one had come here yet. 
“What do you want now, Ryan?” I asked him again. 
There was a smug look on his face. As if my question did not reach 
his ears, he spoke out, “Welcome back, Baby.” 
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12
“Welcome back, Baby.” 
I snatched my hand from his grip. “Don’t call me, baby.” 
He scoffed at me. “You can only give me this look. Otherwise, you are just a scaredy cat in front of that lover of yours.” 
I looked away from him. My mood was destroyed by this boy. Nice. 
“I am surprised that you are alive.” 
From his remarks, I recognized that it was he who was coming to me when I fainted. My parents told me that he took me back home. 
“I thought you are de-” 
“Thank you.” I said softly. He deserved that thanks anyway. 
He raised his brows. “Wait a minute. Did I hear wrong?” 
I shook my head. I thought I should not talk rudely to him. He saved 
me when no one was there for me. What if some male wolves came 
to attack me that night? 
“Wow. It must be my lucky day.” He smirked. 
“That’s it. I just thanked you because you helped me that night. I don’t want to talk anymore. Bye.” 
I turned around and stepped forward but my steps were halted by him. 
“He rejected you, didn’t he?” 
I closed my eyes. Did he hear us that night? No. He might have understood the situation. 
“Yes, he did.” I replied blankly. 
He turned me around by grabbing my arm. 
“He broke your heart. I am feeling bad for you. I am a very sympathetic person you know.” 
I glared at him. “Stop rubbing salt on my wound.” 
He let go of my arm and nodded his head. He glanced somewhere and I saw him grinning luminously. frowned and turned to that side. 
I wished I did not turn. It broke my heart into pieces. 
Ethan was talking with his ex-girlfriend Julie. His hand was on her waist. She was very close to him. They were going somewhere. 
“What a happy couple!” 
I heard Ryan. I closed my eyes and sighed. 
“What do you want?” I asked him and turned to him. 
“Nothing. I think Ethan was not wrong though. Look at you.” His eyes bored into me. I felt somehow nervous under his gaze. 
“You are so old fashioned!” 
“Shut up. I don’t need your compliments. Just take it to yourself okay? 
He chuckled. “Okay, don’t get mad at me. I was just telling you the truth. And your glasses. You look like a double battery. You even lose some weight. For what? Just because you got rejected.” 
I shook my head. “I won’t understand the feelings. I don’t need to talk to you.” 
I started to walk. He came behind me and walked at my pace. 
“Well, I have a plan for you.” 
“Plan my foot.” 
“Oh come on, baby.” 
I stopped and pointed my finger at him. “Don’t call me baby again. I will kill you.” 
“Oh, baby! I would love to get killed by you.” 
“Arrrggg” 
He was just too annoying. I started to walk again while ignoring him. 
“Make him regret, Allison.” 
I ceased my steps. I could not understand his words. He sounded. 
very serious. 
“What do you mean?” I asked without looking at him. 
“Make him regret. Show him what he has missed. Make him fall for you and then…” 
I widened my eyes. Made Ethan fall for me? If that was possible, I would have happily mated with him right now. 
turned to Ryan. “Then what?” 
He smirked at me. He might have some evil plan. He was not a normal boy. He had something on his mind for sure. 
“Then break his heart. Reject him just like he did to you.” 
I stared at him for a moment then shook my head. “Unbelievable. You are his brother. How can you make a plan like this?” 
He raised a brow. “Looks like you are still in love with him. How loyal you are! Still can’t get over him?” 
I prevented my gaze. “I don’t want anything. I don’t want your help. So 
thanks.” 
“Think wisely.” 
“No need.” 
I left the corner and called Teresa. 
“Where are you?” I asked her. 
“First tell me, where are you? I wanted to follow behind you but a few boys stopped me.” 
“Boys?” I frowned. 
“Yeah. They must be Ryan’s friends. They told me Ryan had something to talk to you about and you will come back soon. So I waited in the locker room for you.” 
“I am coming there.” I hung up and went there. 
I met Teresa and I could not tell her what Ryan told me because it 
was our class time. 
After three long classes, it was our break time. 
Teresa took me to the cafeteria. 
“You did not eat anything in the morning. Aunt Joey messaged me in the second class. I told her that I would take care of you.” 
“Mom thinks about me for nothing.” 
“You are not totally well, Allison. You know your wolf still needs to recover. Now if something happens to you, how will you heal if you 
become sick?” 
“Okay, my second mom. I am going to eat something, happy?” 
Teresa nodded her head with a smile. We ordered and took our food 
to a table.1 
My eyes fell on the specific table. Ethan was sitting at the table with his friends. Julie was there too. She was sticking to him. 
“I didn’t tell you. I thought you would feel upset about it.” Teresa said when she saw me looking at Ethan. 
“About what?” I asked without moving my eyes from Ethan. Julie went to the counter to order and he was chatting happily with his friends. as if nothing happened. 
“The day after your birthday, Ethan declared to the whole school that Julie is his girlfriend now. They patched up again. Nowadays some students have started to call Julie Luna too.” 
I regretted coming to the school. I was not prepared to hear those. What devastated me more was he did not take a day to announce his relationship. Did he not think about me for once? Did he even not think about how I was all the time? What if I had died that night? He 
did not care at all. 
Suddenly his sharp eyes met my orbs. I felt pain in my heart. I wish he 
could listen to me. 
‘I hate you, Ethan Iversen.’ 
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13
I looked away from Ethan and focused on my food. Why was I so weak in front of him? I should not behave like that. That man 
destroyed me totally. 
Suddenly someone slammed a hand on our table. I flinched at the 
sudden action. 
“How dare you stare at my boyfriend?” 
I raised my head and saw it was Julie. She went to order but might see me looking at her boyfriend. But looking at someone was not a crime. I did not go to her traitor boyfriend or something. I was looking. at him with hatred at that time. 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
She bent her back and whispered to me, 
“I know everything. He rejected you. You are no longer his mate. You don’t deserve such a powerful Alpha like him either. You are nothing in front of him. Just look at yourself. Such an outdated ugly woman!” 
I got mad at her. How could she say those things to me? 
I stood up and moved from her. I glared at her. 
“I don’t have any intentions with your boyfriend. You can solely have him.” 
Her jaw dropped at my words. She did expect me to raise my voice in 
front of her. 
“You!” 
She rushed to me but was stopped by a boy. 
It was Max, one of our seniors. He was a beta. Why would he come to help me? 
“Stop creating scenes in front of others.” Max said to Julie as he grabbed her wrist. 
“Leave me, Max. She dared to raise her voice in front of me.” 
“Don’t be silly.” He said angrily. 
Everyone was gathering around us as if some drama was going on 
here. 
Ethan stood up from his seat after showing the drama of his girlfriend. I thought he would make his girlfriend understand that ! was not in her way. 
However, again Ethan Iversen proved me wrong. 
He came and grabbed Max’s hand which was holding Julie’s wrist. 
“Don’t touch my girlfriend.” His words came out coldly. 
Max had to let go of Julie’s hand. He could not argue with Alpha Ethan. He was everyone’s future Alpha. 
“Bay, I just told her to not look at you. Because she always stares at you. But instead of listening to me, she talked to me rudely just now. She made me feel insulted.” Julie said furiously. 
She was Ethan’s girlfriend. So everyone started to call her Luna. She was already thinking of herself as the Luna of the Moonlight Crown pack. So when I talked back to her, she could not take it. 
looked at Ethan. I was waiting to hear what he would say in this 
situation. 
“No matter who looks at me, my eyes are always on you. So stop caring about who is peeking at me. I am their Alpha, they can look at 
me or ask me for any help. You don’t need to think about it.” 
“But Bay, you don’t know about this type of girl. They can do anything to grab your attention.” 
“There is nothing special to her that can grab my attention.” 
I stared at him with painful eyes. Why was he doing this to me? Was rejection not enough? I wanted to slap him for what he had just said. He humiliated me in front of everyone. 
Ethan did not give a glance at me. He held Julie’s hand and left the cafeteria. Behind him, his friends followed and left. 
I could not move from my place a little bit. 
“Focus on what you were doing.” I heard Max telling others. Though they went back to their tables, they kept glancing at me and talking 
about me. 
“Are you okay?” Max asked me. 
“Huh?” 
I looked at him and then nodded my head. I felt depressed. Did I come back to school to feel this insult? 
My blood was boiling. I could not tell how furious I was. My hatred fo Ethan was increasing. 
“I wanted to introduce Max to you. He is my new friend.” Teresa told 
1. 
I looked at her and then Max. “Thank you, Max.” 
“That’s okay. Don’t take her words in mind. She is a crazy woman. She got back Ethan after a long time so she is feeling insecure with every girl now.” 
I told Teresa that I wanted to leave. Inside me, I felt like crying. 
“But there are three more classes left.” 
“I don’t care. I am not feeling well, Teresa. You can attend the classes. Give me notes later, please!” 
“Okay, let me see you out.” 
I nodded at her. I smiled at Max. “Bye.” 
“Bye.” He replied. 
When I and Teresa went out of the cafe, we saw Ryan leaning beside 
the cafe’s door. 
“Have you thought about my proposal yet?” 
I did not stop walking. Teresa frowned and asked, “Proposal? What 
proposal?” 
Ryan smiled at her and walked beside her. “Oh hello! Who are you sweety?” 
“Stop flirting with my best friend.” I said. I felt annoyed. My mood was already ruined. 
I thought I could remove Ethan from my head and mind. But he kept coming in front of me. Now he started to insult me too. 
“Teresa, that’s my name. But what is the proposal you are talking 
about to Allison?” 
“It’s something private, you know.” Ryan said seriously. 
Teresa was stunned by his tone. I almost believed in his solemn face until he laughed. “Don’t be afraid of me. I am harmful only to boys. But with girls, my arms are always open for them.” He winked at Teresa. 
Teresa rolled her eyes. We came to the entrance area. 
“Then I am leaving. See you tomorrow.” I told her. 
“Call me. I need to talk to you.” She said and glanced at Ryan. 
“Okay.” I assured her. 
“Don’t disturb my bestie. You have all the girls around the school.” She warned Ryan. 
“Disturb or me? You must be dreaming, Sweety. I was only trying to help your silly best friend.” 
Teresa glanced at me. I nodded at her and she went inside. 
I headed to the road to go to the bus station. I wanted to go straight. 
home. 
“Where are you going?” Ryan asked me. 
“None of your business.” 
I walked past him. He turned and grabbed my hand. 
“Hey! What are you doing?” 
He dragged me to a black car and opened the door. “You are going with me.” 
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14
“You are going with me.”. 
I could not understand. What was wrong with him? Why was he after 
me? 
“Where will you take me?” 
“Going to sell you to others.” 
“WHAT?” 
“Pffft!” 
He laughed at my reaction. I wanted to punch him. 
“You were so scared. Do you really think I would sell you? Your father would kill me.” 
My father was a strict man. Everyone knew him. He was the second command in our pack. But others did not know that I was his daughter so they could behave with me whatever they wanted. 
I felt upset when I heard about my father. 
‘Still, your brother was not scared when he rejected me. He rejected his mate without any explanation and left me to die in the forest. I thought. 
I felt pushed on my arm. Ryan pushed me inside the front passenger seat when I was lost in thoughts. 
He came to the driver’s seat and started the car. I was somehow 
calm. 
“Where are we going?” 
“Your home. Where else?” 
“What?” I turned to him. 
“Yeah. What did you think? I would take you on a date? Well that is not a bad idea though.” He smirked. 
“Shut up. I never said that. Start the car and drop me home.” I leaned on my seat and closed my eyes. 
I did not know how I could talk to him so angrily when I should put all of my anger on Ethan. 
“What are you thinking?” I heard him. 
“Nothing.” 
“You see how he behaved with you. can’t believe how you can digest his insult. You should have given him a slap.” 
I frowned and opened my eyes. “Are you provoking me?” 
“No, just trying to console you. 
“No need.” 
“Just agree with what I told you.” 
“No,” I replied blankly. 
“Yes.” 
“No.” 
“No?” 
“Yes.” 
“Yes!!” He pulled the brake and the car stopped. 
I almost got hurt on my head by the sudden stop. 
“What’s wrong with you, Ryan” 
“You said yes.” 
Π 
1 frowned then I realized he tricked me with words. 
“I didn’t. You asked no and I replied that yes-” 
“Exactly, yes. Now you can’t step back.” 
I stared at his amazed look. Then put my hands over my face. 
“Why is everyone doing this with me? I am just tired.” I mumbled. I did not want to cry in front of anyone. But tears slipped from my eyes which I tried to hold on all this time. 
I leaned my head on my seat again. sobbed and did not want to face the boy beside me. He would make fun of me for sure. He would think I was a weak girl. 
“Cry.” 
I heard him. I immediately wiped my tears and turned to him. But again tears fell down on my cheeks. 
I looked at him. He did not have any smug look on his face. In fact, his eyes became soft. 
“It’s okay. You can cry. Crying never makes people weak.” 
After the rejection, for the first time, felt relaxed after hearing something. 
“You also think like your brother, right? I am a low ranked weak omega.” I let out. 
He looked away from my eyes and started the car again without replying to me. 
He was quiet in the whole ride. He did not look like the Ryan everyone saw in school or club. He looked like a very calm and cold guy. I did not let out a single thing, somehow felt nervous by his behavior. 
I tried to become silent but the ride was full of the sound of my sobbing. 
His car stopped in front of my house. I was quietly sitting without 
moving. 
tried to break the silence. “Thank you for dropping me home.” 
He did not reply. ‘Did I say something wrong to him?’ I thought. 
“Ryan?” 
“Hmm.” 
“Mom is inside. If you want-” 
“Another day.” He replied. He guessed my question without listening 
to it. 
I nodded at him and was about to open the door when I heard him 
again. 
“What he did was really wrong. He should not have rejected you. At least he should talk with some elder about this matter if he really had someone in his life. They would manage something out.” 
I moved my hand from the door and placed them on my lap. I lowere my head while listening to him. 
“Who knows about this rejection? Did you tell your parents?” 
I shook my head. “No, I don’t want my parents to get worried about me. He has already rejected me so there is nothing to make others. worry about more.” 
“Who else?” 
“My best friend Teresa and Doctor Linus.” 
“I see.” He nodded his head. His eyes were on the road. 
“Don’t tell your family about it.” I mumbled. 
He frowned and turned his head to me. I could see his confused eyes. 
“Why?” 
“T-They really l-love Ethan. I don’t want Alpha to get enraged at him. He is the soon to be Alpha after all.” 
In a blink of an eye, Ryan’s eyes turned dark. I almost felt like I had stopped breathing. He looked fierce. 
“You are still thinking about his reputation after what he did to you?” 
“N-No, it’s just-” 
“Is he very special?” He asked and averted his eyes. “Everyone cares about him a lot.” He muttered. If we were not in a silent car, I could 
not hear him. 
I tried to ease the atmosphere. “A-About what you said. I am not that girl. I can’t take revenge on anyone.” 
He turned to me. “Then stop behaving like a heart broken girl and start to enjoy your life.” 
“W-What?” 
“Just forget him and move on. Just let your old self go. Be a new Allison and let others see what they have missed. Appreciate your life 
like others.” 
He looked very confident as if he saw something potential in me. I sighed, “I will think about it.” 
Before I could think of anything, he came close to me. I held my breath when I smelled his manly cologne. 
I heard a crack. He just opened the door.. 
His face turned to my face, almost touching my nose. His eyes were 
cold and sharp. 
“And always remember one thing, 
Don’t dare to compare me with him again.” 
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15
I blinked numerous times and tried to move. Ryan pushed the door 
and said, 
“I am not getting out, Aunt Joey will see me, if I do. I will come later to meet her. I just came here to drop you.” 
I gulped and nodded at him. I did not know how he made me shut my 
mouth in front of him. 
However, one thing was sure. He had different mood swings. He did not stay in a playboy mood all the time. Sometimes he became serious which could make anyone tremble. 
How could I forget? He was the son of Alpha Neil. He had the same 
blood. 
I got out of the car and headed to my house without looking back. I was so lost in my thoughts that I forgot to say bye to him. 
I entered my house. I saw my mother was not in the living room. 
“Mom?” 
“Allison? Why did you come back early? Are you okay, my child?” 
My mother came out of the kitchen and inquired about my health. 
“I’m totally fine, mom. Just a headache. I thought about taking some rest at home. Maybe from tomorrow I will be regular.” 
She smiled and caressed my hair. “Your health matters first. Go and take a rest.” 
I went to my room and had a shower. Then lay on my bed. 
When it was evening time, my phone rang. 
I received the call, it was Teresa. 
“Hello.” 
“First tell me what is going on between you and Ryan?” 
“What? Nothing.” 
“Don’t lie to your best friend.” 
I sighed and told her everything. She was quiet for some time. Then shouted at me. 
“That bastard! She must be into you for some reason. I will break his leg. How dare he think that he has a chance?” 
“What are you saying? Nothing is like that. How can he think to take a chance with me? I mean me and him? Impossible.” 
“Listen to me. Don’t fall into his trap. 
I tried to make her understand, 
“Listen Teresa. He just told me to let go of my old feelings for his 
brother, and that’s it. He did not say anything else. He said just move on and enjoy your life.” 
“With whom? With him? That-” 
“Okay okay. Calm down.” 
Suddenly Teresa thought of something and spoke out, 
“Wait a minute. What did he say about Ethan?” 
“He just said that I should make Ethan regret everything and all. But I 
told him when he drop me at home-” 
“What He dropped you home” 
“Y-Yeah.” 
“Then what? Did he try to do something?” 
1 thought about how he came close to me. But he was just opening 
the door anyway. 
“No. He didn’t. In fact, he was very cold. I mean he did not look like how he behaved other times. He looked very profound during the 
whole ride.” 
“Why?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“You were saying something about telling him.” 
“Yeah, I told him that I am not someone who can take revenge on someone. Then he said okay but be the new Allison and let others see what they have missed.” 
I was waiting for Teresa’s reply. But she was quiet. 
“Why are you silent, Teresa?” 
“HE SAID RIGHT, HONEY.” 
I moved my phone from my ear. She was so loud. What happened to her suddenly? 
“What are you saying?” I asked while holding the phone close to my 
ear again. 
“Listen. He is totally right. I think he despised his brother so he also wants to take revenge by helping you. In that way, you two can have a win-win situation.” 
I did not know what was wandering in my best friend’s mind. In a few minutes, Ryan was a bad boy in her eyes and the next moment she was saying that he was right! 
“I am not like that.” 
“Oh shut up. Didn’t you see how Ethan insulted you today?” 
“So what can I do?” 
“Just appreciate yourself and show him that you are happy without him. You moved on in your life and don’t love him anymore. All you have to do is ignore him. That’s it.” 
I thought for a second. Teresa was right. In this way, I could really forget Ethan. 
“Okay.” 
“Okay, what?” 
“I will do that. If that gives me a life then okay fine.” 
Teresa cheered when she heard that. After talking with her I went 
downstairs. 
My father had already returned home from the pack house. 
“My princess. How was your school?” 
I sat down at the table to have dinner with my parents. I nodded at him. “It was good, Dad.” 
“She was having a headache. So she came back earlier.” My mom 
said. 
“Do you want me to ask for a week’s leave from the Dean?” 
“No, no, Dad. I will be regular from tomorrow. No need for that.” 
“Allison, if you somehow feel heart broken, you have to move on in your life, okay? You know nowadays among kids, it’s very common to break up with your lover.” 
I looked at my father. My mother nodded her head as she agreed with. my father. 
475 
“Don’t worry, Dad. Nothing is like that.” 
“If you tell me that boy’s name, I will break his neck.” 
I chuckled. Here was my strict father. He was strict with everyone to protect me. But with me, he was so good. I was his princess. 
We had our dinner happily while talking about other things. 
I went back to my room and changed my clothes into comfy ones. I lay on my bed. I tried to sleep because from tomorrow I had to catch up with my study properly. 
The next morning I heard my phone’s ringtone. 
“I know who it is. Teresa, who else?” I mumbled in sleep. 
I let my phone ring for quite a good time. After a long time I slept well last night. So I did not want to wake up soon. 
My mother came to my room and patted my shoulder. 
“Your phone is ringing. Wake up.” 
“No, mom. It must be Teresa. She is definitely outside again. I am. sleepy.” I begged her to let me sleep more. 
“But it’s from an unknown number.” 
I opened my eyes and rubbed them. 
“Unknown number?” 
“Hmm. See.” 
She gave me my phone. I took it and touched the green icon. 
But the moment I held my phone close to my ear, I heard a chilly 
voice. 
“Good morning, Baby.” 
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16
You Are Mine Omega by AlisTae Chapter 16 
“Good morning, Baby.” 
My eyes opened wide. I glanced at my mother. She asked me who it was with a gesture. I shook my head and smiled awkwardly. 
“Wrong number, Mom.” I said and cut the call. 
She nodded. “It’s too early for your school. You can sleep, I will call you after one hour.” 
“Thanks, Mom.” 
My mother left my room and I sighed. My phone rang again. 
received the call and roared, 
“How did you get my number?” 
“First tell me why you cut the call?” 
“Stop bossing around, Ryan. Who gave you my number?” 
“One angel. I just asked for it but she really gave me your number without asking anything. I was surprised but anyway.” 
I balled my fists. ‘Arrgg! Teresa!!!’ 
I got mad at her. She was really serious last night. 
“Why did you call me?” 
“Come out fast. I am outside.” 
“YOU WHAT” 
I immediately got off my bed and moved the blinds from my window. 
He was indeed outside. 
“What if my dad sees you? He will kill you.” 
“I didn’t come to take her daughter on a date. Why would he kill me?” 
“My father doesn’t like-” I paused. It would be too rude if I said that. 
“I know he doesn’t like me. I saw his car headed to the route of the pack house. So I came here directly. And your mom won’t see me if I don’t come out. So before that come fast.” 
“Tsk” I cut the call. 
I did my morning routine and came down. My mother looked surprised. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Mom, I have to settle all subjects with notes. So I have to go early 
today.” 
“Go safely.” 
“Yes, mom.” 
I kissed her cheek and ran to the main door. I knocked on the car 
window. 
He opened the door and I got in. 
“I am telling you. Don’t ever do this again. I don’t want my mom to misunderstand us.” 
“What would she think?” 
“I don’t know.” 
He started the car and chuckled. 
I glanced at him. I did not even know where he was taking me. 
He undoubtedly looked hot. His white shirt with two buttons off and 
his side profile was really eye catching. 
“Don’t stare at me like that, you will fall in love with me.” 
“W-What?” 
He turned his head to me and then turned back to the road. 
“Well, I have experience.” 
“Of what?” 
“Of making girls fall in love with me. 
I choked on my own breath. Such a narcissistic man he was! 
“Where are we going?” 
“You will know soon.” 
I did not ask for anything more. I took out my phone and started to scroll down the newsfeed of my social media account. 
My finger paused in a post. It was a photo of Ethan and Julie. They went to a club last night. Ethan looked sober but Julie looked drunk. Someone took their photo and uploaded it. 
“The love birds are having fun in the club.” That was the caption. 
locked my phone and looked in front. I did not want to see him. Every time I saw him, I felt pain. 
“Such a sweet couple, aren’t they?” 
I did not reply to Ryan. 
“Well, whoever uploaded the picture is having his best life right now.” 
“Why?” 
“What why? Your Alpha Ethan is a very confidential person. He 
doesn’t like his private life going viral. Now see, the whole pack will 
see it.” 
I turned my head and my eyes went wide. 
I 
“You did that?” 
A smirk scrambled on his lips. “You know me really well, Baby.” 
“Stop calling me baby. And why did you do that?” 
“Well, his dad, Alpha Neil, is very proud of his son that he has never been caught up in a scandal.” 
blinked as I did not know what he was saying. 
Alpha Neil was his biological father. Why did they talk bad about each. other?, 
Ryan was like a mystery. He was a careless boy yet so many things were going on in his life. 
I had no right to ask him why he and his father did not have a good bond like others. So I prevent myself from questioning anything. 
He parked the car in front of a French looking building. The 
decoration of the first floor was wonderful. 
We got out of the car and my eyes fell over the letters written in the 
header of the first floor. 
“Beauty Bird Makeover Salon” 
I was confused. Why did he take me here? 
“Why are we here?” 
He did not reply to me and held my hand. We entered the salon. 
The guard opened the door and bowed to us. 
The entire decoration of the salon was very royal. 
“Alpha Ryan” 
1 heard a woman. ‘Alpha Ryan? I have never heard someone calling him Alpha. Usually, only the head Alpha should be called like this. Maybe they are showing respect since he is Alpha’s son.’ I thought. 
“Welcome. I was waiting for you.” The woman said. She looked to be in her late twenties. She was very beautiful. 
‘Who is she? She must be someone who has worked here since she is 
here at this hour.’ 
But I was so wrong. Ryan introduced me to her. 
“She is Selena Harris. The owner of this Salon.” 
I was dumbfounded. What was the owner doing here at that time? 
“Hello, Dear. Your boyfriend called me last night and told me to open. the Salon when the sun rises. He told me to be here specifically.” 
“Boyfriend?” I frowned. 
Ryan tightened his grip on my hand and murmured in my ear, 
“Let her think that. Otherwise, she will think you are one of my chicks 
“WHAT NO!” 
I was loud enough to make Selena look at me awkwardly. 
“She is just in a bad mood.” Ryan said to her. 
“It’s okay. Then let me start my work quickly.” Selena said and gestured to her workers who were wearing black aprons. 
“What work?” I asked. 
Selena replied, 
“He called me last night and said, he will take here the most beautiful 
girl of our pack. 
So he wants me to give you the best makeover.” 
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17
Third P.O.V 
The most beautiful girl? Allison was perplexed when she heard Selena. 
‘Huh! That’s how every girl is after him. Such a liar! Did he take me here to make me feel awkward?’ She thought and pinched Ryan’s 
hand. 
He did not react and pushed her lightly. “Go, and have a makeover.” 
“No, I don’t need one.” 
“Just think of this as your birthday gift from me.” 
“What?” 
“Don’t force me to lift you and tie you here.” 
Did he just threaten her? She got angry at him. 
Selena held her hand softly. “I have prepared everything for you. 
Please come with me inside.” 
Selena took Allison to a big room. So many clothes, cosmetics, facial tonics, and so many things were arranged there. 
“First, let’s choose your clothes.” 
“But I am already in my clothes.” Allison replied. 
Selena skimmed her gaze to her clothes and shook her head. She 
was in tights and a loose long top. The color combination did not 
match at all. 
16 
Selena took the designed dresses out one by one and finally chose one dress for Allison. 
Allison just looked at what was going on around her like a robot. Selena made her sit on a comfy chair in front of the big mirror. 
Then the chair positioned back automatically and she was laying in it. 
So many girls were running in the room with many facial products. 
They scrubbed her body. She was so shy about it. She scolded Ryan 
in her mind at that time. 
They did facials, manicures, pedicures, and so many things. 
“Look at your hair. As if they are totally dead. You don’t take care of it, I can understand. Don’t worry I will give your hair a new look. People will be amazed by your new hairstyle.” Selena let out while running her fingers through her hair. 2 
Allison was only praying that they would not spoil her appearance. What if she would look ugly after this makeover? 
“Can I use my phone?” She asked. 
Her hands were polished by girls so she could not take off the tw slices of cucumber from her eyes. 
She wanted to call Teresa and tell her about all of this. 
“No, you can’t, Dear. You have to wait till your face is done.” 
She nodded my head. She thought about resting in my seat for a while. She had nothing to do so it would be okay. 
When her eyes opened she felt pulls in her hair. She looked in the mirror and saw they were applying cream to her hair. 
“What are you doing?” She asked. 
“Dyeing your hair.” 
“What? Why?” 
But it was too late. They already split up her hair and wrapped them with foil papers. After half an hour, they helped to wash her hair and her eyes enlarged. 
Her black hair turned dark brown. Her face and body were still full of facial and body polishing cream. 
“Go and wash your body.” Selena said to her. 
She went to the bathroom and took a shower. Her hair was wet so it would be no use to let it wrap around the towel and just wash the 
body. 
She came out after wearing a bathrobe. She looked at herself. Her skin was glowing. It looked so fair and clean that she could not 
believe it. 
They dried her hair and cut a little. 
“Don’t!” 
“You don’t have to worry. My girls are just setting your hair. They will not cut much.” Selena assured her. 
They straightened her hair and curled from the bottom. 
She wore the dress Selena chose for her. The well-fitted black jeans. and body-fitting black blouse with the black boots really looked good 
on her. 
“Wow! You look so perfect now.” Selena praised. Her girls were also nodding their heads with smiles. 
Allison looked at herself in the mirror and gasped. 
Was it really she? 
A 
Because of her brown hair, her face was looking brighter. However, she was not looking ugly as she thought. 
Selena patted her shoulder. “I don’t use makeup to give you a new look. You are naturally beautiful. So I just used some facial tonic to make your beauty come out a little more. You are a woman. You should take care of your beauty you know.” 
She nodded her head. “Thank you, Selena.” 
Meanwhile, Ryan was sitting on the big couch while typing something 
on his phone. 
When Allison came out of the room, he raised his head. 
His eyes paused on the girl who had just come out. She was looking really beautiful. It would be tough for anyone to look away from her beauty. Her figure was more than perfect. She looked like a girl who deserved everything she wanted. 
“How am I looking?” She asked him with a lower tone. She looked 
nervous. 
“G-Good. You look good.” Ryan said and looked away from her. 
He cursed himself for stuttering. 
“Only good? You said so much about her last night. Now you only said well. Did I not do my job perfectly?” Selena asked. 
“You did great.” 
Ryan stood up and looked at Allison again. 
“Let’s go. We are getting late.” 
Allison nodded and thanked Selena once again. 
Ryan gave his card to the counter. 
“I will pay for it. You don’t have to- Allison tried to stop him but he interrupted her. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not from my father’s money. I earned it by myself.” 
The hand which was raised to stop him paused. Allison did not know 
what to say. 
‘Did he work when he was abroad? Why? His father owns the whole pack. He did not need it.’ She thought. 
They went out and he started the car. 
Ryan told her to calm down and stayed just like she was before when they reached their school. 
“I am leaving first.” She said and went out of the car. 
The students outside looked at her with shocked eyes. She ignored them and entered the school. 
Everyone was staring at her. Some of her classmates could not recognize her. And the other year male students were awestruck by the beautiful girl. 
Allison was telling herself all the time to stay calm. She did not hav a habit of getting so much attention. In fact, she always ran away. from grabbing attention. 
She walked gracefully in the hallway. Her eyes fell on the boy who was leaning against a wall, she looked away. 
Ethan was waiting for his friends in the hallway. He was an Alpha. He could hear others. They were gasping while looking somewhere. 
He turned his head to that side but felt a tug in his heart. 
Allison walked past him without giving him a glance. 
Ethan stared behind her and muttered, 
‘When did she become this gorgeous?’ 
+25 BONDER 
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18
Ethan averted his gaze and saw other boys were also looking at her. He cleared his throat. 
They immediately lowered their heads. He was the Alpha of their pack, how could they disobey him? 
Ethan glanced at Allison for the last time and walked the opposite 
way. 
“Ethan” 
He stopped when Julie called him. 
“Ethan, where are you going?” Julie asked him. 
She just saw how Ethan was looking at Allison a few minutes ago. She had seen it yesterday too. That was why she got angry and went to warn Allison to stay away. 
Her blood was boiling thinking about Allison’s new look. She was looking different today. Boys always stared at her but today they were. looking at Allison. 
‘You can’t take my place. I won’t let you do that.’ She thought. 
“Why?” Ethan asked. 
“What why, Ethan?” 
“Why do you want to know about it?” 
“Just asking. You know we are boyfriend girlf-” 
He interrupted her as he went close to her. 
“Just in front of others.” He reminded her. She was stunned as she 
almost forgot that their relationship was just for a show. 
‘He must be angry because the video got viral. Whoever did it, I would not spare them. At first, I thought it was a good thing. Alpha and Luna should see their daughter in law. But Ethan, he thought it was me who uploaded it and scolded me.’ 
She lowered her head and nodded quietly to him. 
Ethan’s friends came to him and he left for somewhere. 
“Ethan, did you see the new girl?” His best friend Wade asked. 
“What new girl?” 
“Not new. The girl with a new look. Our beta’s daughter.” 
Ethan’s legs paused. He turned to Wade. “What about her?” 
“She is so beautiful. She always wore that loose clothes and tied her silky hair to hide her beauty. Now look she became the queenka of Moonlight Crown University.” 
Ethan scoffed at him. “Are you serious? Do you really think beauty is more important than rank?” 
Wade was confused. When did he talk about ranks? This was an 
education institute, why was Ethan talking about ranks as if it was a war ground? 
“Dude, you are going to be the Beta of this pack. So keep calm and stay away from beauty without high ranks.” 
Wade nodded his head and they started to go outside for smoke. 
Meanwhile, 
Allison was waiting for Teresa a little far from their class.. 
“Allison!” 
She turned and was welcomed by a tight hug. 
Allison broke the hug and looked at Teresa. 
Teresa looked shocked. 
“OH MY GOD!!!” 
“Sshh” 
“You are so pretty!!!! You look drop dead gorgeous. My honey come. here, let me kiss you.” 
Teresa hugged her and kissed her cheek. Allison chuckled at her best 
friend’s reaction. 
But then she remembered something and glared at her. “Why did you give him my number?” 
“W-What? I didn’t give Ryan your number.” 
“See? I didn’t even say the name. You really did.” 
“My beauty, if I knew that he can change you in this good way, I would have given him your number the day he entered our school.” 
Allison scoffed at her. “Don’t talk about him. He is so narcissistic 
You don’t know him.” 
“Looks like you already knew a lot about him.” 
“What? no. Let’s go to class now. We are already late.” 
They entered the class and others started to gossip about her. They were lucky that the Professor did not rebuke them for entering late. 
She felt uncomfortable when boys were staring at her. 
“Don’t be shy. Just make it a new habit. It’s just the beginning.” Teresa whispered. 
Allison nodded her head and sat on her seat. 
All the classes were over. She did not meet Ethan or Ryan again that day. Teresa forced her to go shopping with her. They bought clothes for them, especially for Allison. 
Teresa dropped her home. When her mother saw her she looked 
stunned. 
“Allison, is that you?” 
“Yes, mom.” 
Joey looked at her from head to toe. 
“You look so stylish! Your hair looks so pretty. Wonderful! Come here, 
my child.” 
Allison chuckled and hugged her mother. 
Before today she always hid herself from others. Because there was only one man in her heart that was Ethan. She only wanted his lookout, not others. 
But now she had to change herself. She also started to live a normal life like others. She should not care about others. 
When her father saw her, he said, 
“You look beautiful in every way, my daughter.” 
That touched her heart. Her parents really loved her. 
Days passed like that. 
Allison started to enjoy her new life. It was not only her appearance but also her behavior. She started to live carefree. She did not care what other people talked about her. 
Many boys daily came to her with proposals but she quietly denied them. 
She became popular in their school which she did not want but her best friend really enjoyed the fact. 
Ethan also began to behave strangely. Allison saw him most of the time in the cafe and ignored him coldly. She always tried to prevent herself from glancing at him. 
Ethan and Julie’s relationship started to crack. Everyone said it was because of the video. Now who knew why Ethan was angry? 
Ryan started to talk less in school. Most of the time he was seen at club parties. It was strange to Allison that after the makeover day, he had never come to talk to her. 
They met once in a class, he said hi to her and that was it. He did not try to disturb her either. 
Allison heard some girls saying that Ryan was always like that. He did not joke around. He was a cold, charming playboy. 
Seemed like he only behaved childishly in front of her. 
It was morning time when Allison was talking with her parents. 
“Do you have any plans to go out today?” Allison’s mother asked her. 
Allison was having breakfast with her parents. 
“No, mom.” She replied. 
“Then come home early today.” Her father said. 
“Do we have to go somewhere?” 
“Yeah, we all have to go to the pack house tonight.” 
Allison frowned her brows. “Why?” 
Her mother was surprised when she heard her question. 
Did you forget what day is tomorrow? The whole pack will be 
decorated for Alpha tomorrow 
It’s Ethan, our future xiphar’s billeding 
“Did you forget what day is tomorrow? The whole pack will be 
decorated for Alpha tomorrow. 
It’s Ethan, our future Alpha’s birthday.” 
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19
Allison recalled how she looked forward to that day every year. 
Every year, she prayed and hoped that Ethan would not find his mate because she was not yet eighteen. To sense the mate bond, both mates must be eighteen. 
She prayed that she would be Ethan’s mate. 
Surprisingly, Ethan did not declare anyone as his mate every year. The truth was that she was his mate. 
“Yeah, you are right. How can I forget his birthday?” She mumbled to her mother. 
Joey nodded her head. “Luna Ella has been calling me since early morning. Asking me to go early there. She is very excited.” 
She only listened to her mother while eating. 
eating. 
“You are right. Alpha is overjoyed as well. Ethan is turning twenty-two. Alpha decided to delegate entire authority to him after his graduation. next year.” Beta Glen told his wife. 
“They really love Ethan like their own son. In fact, more than their son.” 
“They never differentiate their points of view between Ethan and Ryan. In reality, Ethan is their best boy. He is nice and quiet. Everyone appreciates him. He was always loyal to Alpha and even assisted him. in political matters. He put forth a lot of effort in training only to please Alpha Neil. 
Ryan, on the other hand…” Beta Glen came to a halt. 
Allison raised her head and asked, 
“What about him, Dad?” 
“Ryan was a troublemaker kid from the start. He never listened to his father. He always did what he wanted. Alpha Neil was unable to tempt him. He was constantly worried about Ryan, so he sent him abroad. What did Ryan do after that? Became a notorious young man. There was seldom a month that went by when the principal did not call Alpha Neil and complain about his rebellious son. It was always about either girls or fighting. Alpha Neil was simply fed up with him. He then requested him to return the pack. But Ryan stopped communicating with Alpha Neil and began his life on his own. 
This year, Alpha Neil planned to bring him back here forcibly. He warned him to keep quiet until Ethan took over the pack. He can go wherever he wants after that; Alpha Neil will not stop him again.” 
Allison was taken aback by her father’s icy remark regarding Ryan. 
Ryan’s wrongdoings were well known to her father, and it was clear that he despised him. 
Allison, on the other hand, was surprised that Ryan had been disconnected from his family for such a long time. 
‘So he told me the truth. He actually owned the card.’ She paused for a moment, then pushed the thought aside. 
“Glen, Ryan is also our kid like Ethan Stop talking so coldly about him. He is just a naughty kid. Why so harsh?” 
Joey did not have a son. So she loved Ethan and Ryan very much. They brought up in front of her. So there was an adoration in her heart 
for them. 
“I am leaving now, Mom and Dad.” 
Allison said and stood up. She did not want to hear about the Iversen brothers anymore. Why were they always a hot topic wherever she 
went? 
She went to the bus stop to wait for the bus. She caught the bus to school. 
Boys were staring at her as usual. It had become a habit for her. 
She met Teresa and attended her classes with her. When it was time for a break, they went to the cafeteria. 
They overheard students talking about something. 
“What happened now?” Allison asked Teresa. 
“I don’t know either.” 
They went to the counter to order. 
“What happened? Why is everyone so silent today?” Teresa asked a girl. 
“You don’t know?” 
“That’s why I am asking, right?” Teresa moved her hands to gesture that wasn’t it obvious. 
“Ethan broke up with Julie.” 
“WHAT?” Teresa asked with a shocked face. Students looked at Teresa and she smiled awkwardly at them. 
“Yeah. Julie was just arguing over it with several girls a few minutes. ago. She just could not take it anymore after Ethan broke up with her.” 
Allison gave the girl a blank expression. She did not care if he broke up with Julie or not. But why did he do it? Wasn’t she the ideal match for him? The high-ranking she-wolf? 
Allison laughed at the thought. Teresa and the girl both turned to look at her. Teresa made eye contact and inquired as to why she was laughing. 
“What? I can’t even laugh now?” 
Allison just laughed because a few weeks ago Julie talked rudely with her in front of the whole cafe. At that time she told her that Ethan was hers. Ethan also reacted well when he told that he only cared for Julie. 
Now what happened to the love birds? 
Allison and Teresa took their food and sat at the table where they always sat. 
“Allison, he broke up with his girlfriend.” Teresa said. 
“I was there with you. I heard the girl too.” 
“No, but I was saying why did he do that?” 
“Who cares?” 
“Are you sure you don’t care?” 
Allison paused. “I have moved on. I don’t care anymore. He will be the head Alpha, so he needs a perfect Luna. I can never forget what he did to my wolf. My wolf is still not reacting to me. Do you know what that means? I am wolfless right now. I don’t know when she will come back to me. Ethan gave her so much pain that she became too weak to come back.” 
Her eyes turned glossy. She looked away to blink away her tears. 
At that moment Max came and sat beside Teresa. 
“Hey girls! What’s up?” 
Allison wiped the corner of her eyes and smiled at Max. 
“Hi, Max.” Teresa greeted back. 
Allison frowned when she saw Teresa’s cheeks turn red. 
“What is going on?’ She thought and looked at them 
fully. 
“Where were you yesterday? You didn’t come to the school.” Teresa asked Max. 
“Ryan was in a really bad mood. So we didn’t come to school and went somewhere else.” Max replied. 
“You are friends with Ryan?” Allison asked him. 
“What are you saying? We are best friends.” 
“Oh.” 
Allison did not know about it. She looked at Teresa and realized she was already aware of it. 
“W-Well, I got to know about it recently.” Teresa said to her nervously. 
Allison could see Teresa had a feeling for Max. If Max was Ryan’s best friend then he might be the same as Ryan. She could not let him break her best friend’s heart. 
“Where is he?” Allison asked Max. 
“He is on the second floor. Why?” 
“Nothing.” 
Allison stood up. “I have some work. You too can talk to each other.” 
“I am coming with-” 
“No.” Allison said to Teresa. She glanced at Max for the last time and left the cafe. 
She went to the second floor and searched everywhere for Ryan. 
“Did you see Ryan?” She asked a girl. 
“Of course, everyone saw him.” The girl said shyly. 
Allison’rolled her eyes. “I mean to say, where is he?” 
“Oh. He went to this side.” 
“Okay, thanks.” 
Allison headed to the silent hallway. A few classrooms were locked there. 
“Ryan?” She asked a boy about him who was passing her. 
“Why is every girl only after him? Come with me. We can go on a date. 
The boy said with a smile. 
Π 
Allison glared at him. He cleared his throat and said, 
“He is in the last room. But he is-” 
Allison did not listen to him and headed to the room. 
She grabbed the doorknob and opened the door. 
But the moment the door opened, she was stunned. 
A girl was laying on the teacher’s desk wrapping her legs around Ryan’s waist. 
He was leaning over the girl. 
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20
They turned to Allison and the girl screamed aloud, 
“What the fuck! Why didn’t you knock on the door?” 
Allison was too shocked by the scene to react. When she heard the girl, she came back to her senses and frowned at the girl. 
“This is a classroom, not your bedroom that I need to knock on before coming in.” 
Ryan stood straight and moved from the girl. 
“You can carry on.” Allison said and was about to leave when Ryan spoke out. 
“You. Leave” 
Allison saw he was looking at the girl. 
The girl sat up. “Ryan.” 
“My mood is over. Leave now.” His cold tone shook the girl. It affected Allison too. 
The girl got off the desk and fixed her clothes. She glared at Allison. When she was leaving the class she bumped into her shoulder. 
Allison rubbed her shoulder and glared at her back. The girl shut the door loudly when she left. 
“Do you have something to talk about?” 
Allison heard Ryan. She turned from the door to him. 
He did not have the messy appearance as the girl. But the way he was leaning on that girl, they would have done something if she had not come here. 
1.5 
“Did you miss me?” He asked. 
Allison felt disgusted. 
“I came to talk to you about Max.” 
He folded his arms and leaned back against the desk. 
“What about him?” 
“Tell him to stay away from my best friend.” 
He chuckled when he heard her. She was stunned by his smile. She looked away and asked, 
“What’s so funny about it?” 
“You can tell that to him directly. Why did you come to me for that?” 
Allison was confused. He was right. Why did she come to him? 
“I can understand. You were missing me. It’s okay. You don’t have to hide it.” 
She made a disgusting face while looking at him. 
“Eww. I can’t miss you.” 
“Why? Am I from black blood?” His eyes turned dark. His smile also turned grim. 
‘What is wrong with him? He was not like this before.’ She thought. 
“You can never change. Always with girls, having fun. Do you think it’s cool?” 
He rolled his eyes. “Then what is cool in your eyes? Become the head Alpha?” 
She frowned. “Why did you take him in our conversation?” 
“Your lover’s birthday is tomorrow. You must be very happy since he had already broken up with his girlfriend.” 
“I don’t care about it.” 
“So you still think of him as your lover. You did not deny it either.” 
“What? No!” Allison tightened her fists. This man always trapped her in his words. He knew how to play with words. 
She shrugged her shoulders. “By the way, thank you.” 
“For what?” 
“You helped me to change myself.” 
“Your thanks can’t satisfy me. This is the second time you destroyed my pleasurable time with a girl.” 
Allison blinked. She was speechless 
He stood up straight and took an instantaneous stride toward her. 
She took a step back. She saw his gaze fixed on her. Her back wa crushed against the closed door. She could tell he was annoyed about the girl thing. 
Her hand brushed against the doorknob, but his hand pressed against hers. She swiftly removed her hand from the doorknob. 
“Where are you running? That day you did not repay and ran away. How can I let you go today?” He said and came too close. 
She could feel his breath on her cheek. 
“W-We are family f-friends. You can’t do this to me. I-I will complain to your D-Dad.” She warned while stammering. 
“No problem.” He replied and his nose touched her neck. 
Her eyes widened. Her heart started to beat fast. 
“W-What are y-you doing?” 
She did not know why, she could not push him like she did in the club. 
He was just with another girl a few minutes ago, how could he come close to her like that? 
She felt his lips on her neck. She closed her eyes and felt something in her heart. She felt a howl inside. 
She gasped when she realized that her wolf had just responded. 
She was lost in her thoughts to get a little more response from her wolf that she did not realize what Ryan was doing. 
His strong arms wrapped around her waist. 
Ryan felt her curves and delicate body in his arms. She was a little kitten in front of him. 
Allison felt him rubbing his nose on her collarbone. 
She immediately pushed him. He moved back. 
As if he just came back to his sanity he frowned at her. 
“What are you doing, Ryan?” She asked him with a shaken voice. 
Ryan averted his gaze and took a long breath. He ran his fingers through his hair as he muttered, 
“You are too innocent for me to do anything with you.” 
Allison felt revolted. She shook her head. 
“You were doing those things with another girl and now you-” 
Ryan lifted his hands. “Oooh! Wait. Where are you taking the things? I did not do anything to you. I was just teasing you, okay?” 
Allison was bewildered. ‘Teasing me? Like that? Did he call that teasing? No one has ever come this close to me before.’ She thought. 
“I am sorry if I offended you.” He said and tried to touch her head. But she pushed his hand. 
“Whatever my dad told me about you is right. I should stay away from you.” 
He looked amazed. His dark look ceased as he smirked devilishly. 
“Well, you should listen to your elders, you know. He warned you to stay away from me. But look at you. You came here to me with an excuse just to meet me.” 
Allison shook her head. “I assumed you didn’t like what they said because you encouraged me to move on. But you are exactly what people thought of you. Why am I surprised? I should not speak to you again.” She said and opened the door. 
I 
“Just remember that I am not one of your chicks who you can play anytime.” 
She then stormed out of the room, outraged. 
Ryan’s smirk faded. He locked his gaze on the door. 
“I am trying to save you from myself. I don’t want to ruin you, Allison Clark.”
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21
Allison came out of the room. She was mad. Mad at herself. 
‘Why did I even go to this room?’ 
She headed to the stairs furiously. She paused and touched her heart. She started to feel pain. 
“What is going on with me?” 
Her eyes welled up with tears. She had no idea why she was feeling this way. Did her wolf return to her? 
She dashed downstairs and headed to the front door. 
Boys were staring at her, and some of them winked and grinned. She became even more enraged. Why did she start changing her clothes? For whom? Was moving on related to dance, fashion style, and personality? 
Those flirtatious young men reminded her of Ryan. What he said really captivated her attention. 
“Argh! Tease my foot!” She mumbled and went out of the school. 
“ALLISON!” 
She came to a standstill and turned around. 
“I was trying to reach you. Why didn’t you listen to me? What were you doing? Where are you going?” Teresa arrived puffing. When she saw Allison leave, she called her and ran after her. 
Allison gave her a frown. “You. Keep your distance from Max. He has to be his best friend. How can he be a good man when his 
companion is incorrect?” 
Teresa was perplexed. “What’s wrong?” 
“There is nothing wrong. That Max dude. You already knew he was friends with that scumbag. Teresa, how could you be friends with him?” 
“Allison, relax. Listen to me.” 
“No, Teresa.” 
Allison cupped her cheeks. “I don’t want you to become a part of their games. You know how that boy is. What if his best friend is also the same? I don’t want you to be heart broken.” 
Teresa hugged her and patted her back. 
“Calm down, honey. You know. I am not that interested in relationships. So chill, okay? No one can break my heart.” 
Allison sighed and nodded her head. They broke the hug. 
“What happened to you? Why are you so infuriated? You look like Buffalo in anger.” 
Allison chuckled when she heard that. Her best friend really knew how to make her smile. 
“Teresa” 
She moved close to Teresa and whispered. 
“My wolf just reacted to me.” 
Teresa looked at her with wide eyes. “When?” 
“A few minutes ago. I am going to Doctor Linus.” 
“I am also going with you, let’s go.” 
“What? No. You have classes. Professor Watson gave you an 
assignment. You prepared it the whole night to submit. You can’t go with me.” 
“But what about you?” 
“Don’t worry. Isn’t it a good thing? Everything will be OK. “I’ll let you know what Doctor Linus says.” 
“All right, just call me after meeting him.” 
“All right, got it.” 
Allison hailed a cab to the pack hospital, hoping for good news regarding her wolf. 
‘Are you listening to me?’ she inquired of her wolf. However, she received no reaction. 
She sat uneasily in the back seat, trying to tie her hair. But then she touched her neck. She could still feel the peck. She immediately moved her hand and bit her lips violently. 
‘How could he? My father would beat him up if I tell him about his actions. He thinks I’m one of those chicks who goes around kissing and doing disgusting things to boys. 
The car began to slow down. “Madam, we are here.” 
Allison got out of the car and paid the driver. 
She walked into the hospital but did not go to reception. 
She did not have time for an appointment. Linus had previously advised her that she did not need to make an appointment to visit him. She would absolutely take an appointment and wait if the problem was not so urgent. But it has to do with her wolf. 
She went to the head doctor’s chamber. 
The nurses who were passing, saw her and were about to stop but 
the receptionist told them that Doctor Linus knew her. That day when she came to meet him, Doctor Linus ordered her to let her enter without an appointment. He also told that Allison was the pack’s beta’s daughter. 
Allison stopped in front of the chamber. She opened the door. 
“Linus, I need to talk abo-” 
She paused when she saw who was sitting there in front of Doctor Linus. 
Allison took a step back as the chair whirled around. 
She had not looked into his eyes in a long time. She tried to move on from him in the last few days. She made every effort to ignore him. She attempted to start a fresh, carefree, life. 
But after seeing this boy, she remembered everything all over again. Everything came flooding back to her mind. His attractive features reminded her of his cruel activities. 
Ethan was sitting there, puzzledly looking at her. 
Allison forced her gaze away from him and toward Doctor Linus. 
“I-I am sorry that I disturbed you. I can wait outside.” Allison said and turned around. 
“Allison.” 
She heard her name from his mouth. Her steps came to a halt. She clenched her teeth and closed her eyes. 
Why was she unable to forget him? Why? 
Why, after everything he had done to her, why did she still stop by his voice? 
“What happened to your health? What brought you here?” 
Allison wanted to smack him. He asked this question after attempting to kill her and her wolf? 
‘Did he realize what he had done to me? Was he thinking that because 
I did not tell him about my anguish, everything was well with me?” 
She grinned as she gently turned to face him. 
“You don’t have to know anything about me, Alpha Ethan. My health? It is none of your concern.” 
Allison mocked him and left the chamber. All the time Linus was silently watching both of them. 
Allison came out of the room and started to walk back and forth, 
‘You have to control yourself. You can’t appear weak in front of him after what you have decided.” She thought to herself. 
But was it really so simple to forget your first love? The one you had been in love with for a long time? The one you wanted to spend th rest of your life with? The one who used to be your mate but reject you because he thought you were not good enough for him? 
She heard the sound of the door. 
She stood straight without looking at the door. 
She could feel that someone was approaching her from behind. When she heard him again, she closed her eyes. 
“Allison, let’s talk.” 
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22
“Allison, let’s talk.” 
She attempted to blink her tears away. She made an effort to take deep breaths. 
She was able to ignore him the whole time since he was far away and did not approach her. But he was now close to her. How could she put a halt to this heinous heart? 
She usually said flatly that she didn’t care about him, but was this true? 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have anything to talk about with you.” She responded without looking at him. 
“But I have.” 
She scowled and turned to face him. 
“Do you still have the courage to talk to me after all you have done?” 
Ethan was able to glimpse into her eyes. It looked glossy as if she was trying to keep herself from sobbing. 
He didn’t know why, but he wanted to be lost in those lovely eyes for 
the first time. 
He suddenly felt her more beautiful, as if she was blooming. 
“What? You don’t have anything to say anymore? Good.” 
She tried to pass him but grabbed her wrist. 
“I need to talk to you.” 
She snatched her hand. “How dare you touch me!” 
“My intention was not bad. I am just trying to talk to you.” 
“Why? Why do you need to speak to me? Go to your Alpha she-wolf, who can defend herself. Go talk to her. You must be devastated by your breakup, don’t you? And why wouldn’t you? You had finally found the right, deserving woman for you. However, she discovered your real colors and abandoned you. Isn’t it?” 
Allison let out a lot of words all at once. She realized she had never spoken to him so much before. Last time it was her birthday night when he rejected her. 
How viciously and arrogantly he rejected her! 
“She did not abandon me. In fact, I ended things with her.” 
“Yes, yes. What can anybody expect from a guy like you? Maybe you met someone more deserving so you broke her heart as well.” 
Ethan shook his head. “Forget about it. Tell me what happened to you? Are you okay?” 
Allison stared at him coldly. “You left me to die that night. Do you know that, Alpha Ethan? It’s a blessing that I am still alive. You did not think about me at that time, what happened to you suddenly?” 
“Just answer what I asked you.” 
“Why? Who are you? You are no one to me. So from now on, please stay away from me.” 
“Listen, Alliso-” 
She stopped him by lifting her hand. 
“You have already destroyed me. I didn’t tell anyone about your rejection and continued with my life as usual. So stay away if you have a bit of shame.” 
~ 
She moved from him and approached the front door. She entered by opening the door. 
Ethan let out a sigh and lowered his head. He could not refute that what she stated was correct. 
He felt embarrassed by what he had done to her. It would be less if she blamed him for her whole life. 
From the night of rejection, He could not forget that moment. He made every effort to ignore her. He attempted to be the bad guy in front of her by standing up for Julie in front of the whole cafe. He even set up a fake relationship with Julie in order for her to move on from his rejection. 
However, he was unknowingly the one who was unable to move on. 
He had no idea why. 
Did he start regretting his decision? 
She had changed completely in only a few weeks. New appearan new attitude. He first assumed that she was doing all of this to ge his attention. 
But he was completely wrong! 
She was just doing these for herself. She desired a fresh life apart from him. She acted as if he did not exist for her. She was continually ignoring him. She avoided him several times in the same class while he was near her seat. 
He recalled how she used to make an attempt to get his attention. 
Yes, he was aware of her feelings from the start. He was a mature man. He could see how the girls, particularly Allison, were staring at 
him. 
She constantly came to any event just to see him in the pack house. 
She wanted to join him. 
He was aware of her constant efforts to approach him. Just like the day she ran into him and he grabbed her into his arms. He was aware of their mate bond at that moment. 
She came to help him initially when he and Ryan had a fight over their family problem. When she caressed his cheeks and asked if he was alright, he could see the worry in her eyes. He was frightened that she would have developed hopes for him. As a result, he shoved her hands. 
He understood her feelings for him, therefore he did not provide her with any hope. 
Because he was an Alpha. He was not an ordinary Alpha, but he was the head Alpha. He was raised to believe that his life was for his people. 
He was not Ryan, who could think first for himself, then for others. H could not possibly be desirous. He had no life of his own. 
After his parents’ death, the way Alpha Neil and Luna Ella accepted him, they let him call them ‘Mom’ and ‘Dad’ so he would not feel like an orphan. 
He had promised himself from that day that he would give his life for them. He always did what Alpha Neil said. He lived the way he instructed him to live. He transformed himself into a flawless guy so that Alpha Neil would never regret adopting him as his son. 
In such a situation, how could he accept an Omega? What about his pack? He was unable to listen to his heart, but only just his brain. 
He smiled sadly and mumbled, 
“I wish I could be careless like Ryan and live my life as I wanted to live. 
He looked at the chamber and thought, 
‘I wish I had not rejected you and had some courage to accept you, 
my Omega.’ 
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23
“So you mean my wolf is back?” 
Allison asked with a bright smile. She could not believe what Doctor Linus had just said. 
After entering his chamber, she explained to him everything about her wolf’s howling. He told that her wolf was coming out again. 
“Yes, you don’t need to worry about anything.” 
Allison nodded but she was confused. 
How did it happen? 
“How?” She muttered. 
“Well, Allison. The potion I gave you was created by one of the 
powerful witches of our pack. So maybe it helped you.” 
“Yeah. You are right.” She remembered that she drank the potion. So it really worked? 
“I am so happy. When can I talk to her again?” 
“Relax, Allison. It will still take time. Let her be healthy first. The rejection made her so weak that she could not recover yet. So give her some time. She will be back soon. She is just caged in pain. Her pain will be healed with time.” 
Allison obeyed him and made herself convinced that her wolf would be back soon. 
“I sometimes feel pain in my heart.” 
“That’s when your wolf tries to respond to you. You have to bear her pain since she took care of every pain and let you live happily.” 
Allison got emotional. Her wolf had to endure all the pain. She was startled when she stopped to react to her. 
She did not want to live a wolfless life. However, it was a relief that her wolf would come back to her. 
After talking about her, Doctor Linus cleared his throat. 
“Do you want to say something?” Allison asked him as he avoided her gaze. 
“Well…” 
“You can say whatever you want to say.” 
He looked at her. “Should I tell Ethan about your wolf?” 
“NO.” 
Doctor Linus was silent. Allison calmed herself and then said, 
“I don’t want him to know anything about me. We are not mates anymore. So it’s not needed.” 
“He is going to be our head Alpha. You know that we are already prepared to serve him as our Alpha, If he asks me, I can’t lie to him.” 
Allison pushed herself up from her chair. 
The room was quiet. Her nose was drawn to the smell of chemicals. She shook her head once more. 
“You don’t need to say anything to him. It is a pack hospital and I believe you always secure pack member’s privacy.” 
“He is our head Alp-” 
“I don’t care. I don’t want to give him pleasure by knowing that I am 
not doing well. I don’t need his sympathy. Thank you.” 
Allison did not wait for Linus’s reply and left his chamber. 
When she came out of the room, she saw no one. 
Did she hope that Ethan would be outside waiting for her? 
‘Stop thinking about that ruthless man.’ She scolded herself. 
She went home after leaving the pack hospital. Her mother was making lunch, she did not say much and went straight to her room. 
She called Teresa and informed her what Doctor Linus had said. 
Teresa was overjoyed to hear her. 
“I told you not to worry. See? Everything is okay.” 
I just hope so, Teresa.” 
She wanted to tell Teresa about Ethan but she thought there was nothing to raise his topic again. 
When she went downstairs to have lunch, her mother was telling he 
how busy she would be tonight. 
“Luna Ella asked me to go early.” 
“Why, Mom?” 
“What, why, Allison? They are like our family. And it’s our future. 
Alpha’s birthday. The whole pack is going to celebrate tomorrow. So we should stay with them at this happy moment.” 
Allison rolled her eyes. She did not want to talk about him again. 
When she was done, she went to wash dishes. 
“Allison, get ready at 9 pm.” 
She turned to her mother. “Why, Mom?” 
375 
“What’s wrong with you today? Why are you asking this type of question? It was you who was excited for Ethan’s birthday every year. Now you are asking why you will get ready? Don’t you want to go to his party?” 
“No, mom. I don’t want to.” 
Her mother was startled by her answer. She then chuckled and patted her head. 
“Did you two argue with each other? Why are you behaving so strangely nowadays? Did something happen in school?” 
Allison lowered her head. ‘I wish I could tell you what happened, Mom. I don’t want you and Dad to be worried for me. In fact, it would break the two close families. No, I can’t do this.’ 
“What happened, my child? I am your mother. You can tell me.” 
Allison looked at her and smiled. “Nothing, Mom. I will get ready in time. No worries.” 
Her mother looked at her carefully and then nodded her head. 
Allison went back to her room. She was confused if she should go or not. She did not want to face him again. 
When it was evening time, she got ready. She wore a simple black long sleeve dress with a pair of black high heels. 
She did the normal make up which was needed to match this dress. She took a black purse and did not forget to take her phone. 
When she looked for her mother, her mother was ready already. 
“My daughter is so beautiful.” She kissed her forehead and said. 
“Thanks, Mom. You look pretty too.” 
She chuckled. “I am getting old.” 
“No, my parents can’t get old. You and Dad, both are still young.” 
Her mother laughed at her words and shook her head. 
“Now let’s go.” 
They got in their car and headed to the pack house. She had never taken her father’s car to go to the school. First, she did not know how. to drive and secondly, her father needed it more than her. As a result, she did not use it for herself. 
They arrived at the pack house. Their driver opened the doors for them.. 
Allison could see how beautifully decorated the pack house was. It appeared to be a massive party. 
She took a deep breath and entered the house with her mother. 
She could see a few guests were here and there. The party had just begun. It would continue till late at night. 
She was just about to look for Alpha Neil and Luna Ella when her eye fell on the stairs which were close to where she was standing. 
She saw Ryan coming down. She looked away immediately. 
But her fate was not on her side. Because her mother summoned the devil herself. 
“Ryan.” 
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24
“Ryan” 
Ryan looked at Joey and smiled at her. 
“Oh my beautiful Aunt! Still looking so beautiful, even more than my mother.” He came and hugged her. 
Allison frowned at him. ‘Is he flirting with my mother? At least let my mother leave!!! Now I know why my father dislikes this boy so much.” She thought. 
Joey hit his arm lightly and chuckled. “You and your cheeky lines. When did you become like this?” 
Ryan shook his head. “I just say what’s true. But people don’t believe me.” He said and glanced at Allison. 
Allison rolled her eyes. “Mom, I am going to meet Alpha and Luna. She said as she walked to the right side. 
Ryan looked at her dress and then at her. 
“Don’t mind her, Ryan.” Joey said as she thought Ryan took it in mind about Allison not greeting him. 
“Not at all. What do you think about her new looks?” He asked her, still looking at Allison. 
“It is good. But she does not look happy. She always stays in her room. Sometimes I really feel worried about it.” 
Ryan nodded. “Stop worrying. She will be fine soon.” 
“Ryan, frankly you were not here so you could not get along with. Ethan and Allison well. That’s why the situation is awkward between you three right now.” She tried to make him understand that it was 
not his fault. 
Ryan turned to her and smirked, 
“Don’t bother. I will get along really well.” 
“Okay, now I go and meet your parents.” 
“Sure.” 
Meanwhile, Allison talked to Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. 
“Allison, my daughter!” Alpha Neil said and stroked her head. 
“Alpha, how are you?” 
“I am fine, tell me about you. How are you now?” 
“I am totally now, Alpha.” 
“I am glad you arrived early. “Where has your mother gone?” 
“She is talking…” Allison glanced around and saw her mother approaching them. “Here she is.” 
Her mother greeted them. Her father eventually joined them. He arrived late since he had some outside duties to do. 
Allison felt lonely at the party. Because she only had one friend, and that was Teresa. She did not attend this party since it was just for royals and pack officials. The Alpha and his officials’ families were the only ones invited. 
Allison sat on a sofa and gazed around the corridor. The birthday boy had not come to his celebration yet. 
Allison reminded herself that she did not care. 
She returned to the pack house after two years. She was last here for 
a get-together. The pack house had not changed in the least. 
“Feeling bored alone?” 
Allison turned her head and saw the person she did not want to see. Ryan was that person. 
He was dressed all in black. In suits, he seemed more mature than in casual attire. He even back- brushed his hair, revealing his deep brow. 
Allison did not respond. She kept her gaze fixed on the opposite side. 
He sat next to her. “Are you mad at me?” 
When she heard his whisper, her eyes stopped moving. 
She turned to him and glared at him, 
“Stay away from me.” 
“Tsk. So we came back to the first stage when we met in the club?” He asked with a grin. 
“This is all fun for you, right?” 
Ryan shook his head. “Can you just relax?” 
“No, I can’t. Just go. Why are you here? Don’t you dislike Ethan? Ju leave his party.” 
“Sure. But in one condition.” 
“What?” 
“If you come with me.” He smirked. 
“Don’t talk to me again.” 
She stood up and went to another side. She was pissed off by him. 
Her father saw everything and came to her. 
“Is Ryan disturbing you?” 
“No, Dad. Why did you think so?” 
“I saw him talking to you.” 
“He was just talking about school things.” 
“Be careful of him.” 
“Yes, Dad.” 
The party went well as Allison started to chat with Teresa on her phone. 
Suddenly Allison’s eyes fell outside. She saw Ethsn entering the pack house. He was also in a black suit and white shirt. Look like a 
dashing man. 
Allison looked away. She should avoid him. He destroyed her birthday night totally, now she came to his birthday. How funny was it! 
Everyone met him. They looked straight at him and tried to introduse their daughters to him. 
Some of them tried to meet with Ryan too. But how silly they were They did not even know that their daughters already had done everything with him. 
When it was 12 am, everyone gathered around Ethan. A cake was arranged for the birthday boy which was decorated with black food color. White pearls were scattered over the cake. 
He cut the cake and others clapped. He fed the pieces of cake to Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. 
Then he shocked everyone including Allison. 
He came to her with a piece and reached it close to her mouth. 
Allison was stunned. Everyone was looking at them. If she did not eat the cake, they would think of something else. She ate the cake and 
mumbled, 
“Happy Birthday.” 
To her surprise, he smiled at her and nodded. 
He said something to her father and her father said, 
“Allison, Ethan has something to talk to you about. Go with him.” 
“What?” 
“Just go and listen to him.” 
Allison did not know why his father ordered her to go with him. 
She went to the garden with Ethan. 
They were walking in the garden side by side. 
“What did you tell my father?” 
have discussed something with him so I just confirmed it.” 
“What confirmation?” She asked and walked ahead, Ethan was following her behind. 
“You will begin training here tomorrow. You must practice to become a strong wolf.” 
“I don’t need it.” You don’t have to worry about my safety any more.” 
Ethan stopped walking and looked at her back. 
He was silent for some time. Then he did not know what came to his mind. 
He rushed to her with a speed that an Alpha had, grabbed her arm, and turned her to him. 
She was taken aback by the sudden closeness. He looked into her eyes and said, 
“Allison, forgive me.” 
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25
“Allison, forgive me.” 
She was stunned. His eyes made her feel off guard. His dark eyes which she tried to forget all these weeks turned soft. 
Forgive him? What did he mean? 
“Forgive me.” He whispered again. 
She was staring at him without replying to him anything. 
“I am sorry.” He admitted that he was sorry to her for what he did. 
‘Sorry for what Alpha Ethan?” She asked him, looking directly into his 
eyes. 
She disagreed to show him any of her emotions through her eyes. She looked coldly into his eyes. 
Ethan gulped when he saw her beautiful face turn grim. This face was asking so many things on her birthday night, those eyes which always tried to look for him everywhere became cold for him now. 
“For everything.” He uttered. 
Allison felt her life was a joke. He rejected her mercilessly and now came to ask for forgiveness. Why? 
“Why are you saying sorry to a low ranked wolf? Your high rank doesn’t deserve this.” 
Her mocking tone pierced his heart. He did not know why he was feeling like that. 
He had never thought about his heart before. He thought he had to use his brain every time, not his heart. 
“Don’t say that.” 
Allison did not take that anymore. She snatched her hand from his hold. He looked shocked. She smiled at him. 
“Today is a good day for you. I am not like you who was ready to destroy others’ birthdays without thinking twice. So I think you should stop talking like this and stay away like you always do.” 
Ethan shook his head. “I want to apologize to yo-” 
“No, I don’t want your apology. I am okay with how you left me. I have moved on from you. So it’s better for us if you would not pull out the past things.” 
“No, I can’t live peacefully if you can’t forgive me.” 
She scoffed at him. “Are you kidding me?” 
They were in the garden alone. The fresh air was surpassing them and the smell of blooming flowers touched their noses. 
The night was shining under moonlight. 
He looked away from her and thought about how to convince her. 
“I know what I did was unforgivable but still I want your forgiveness.” 
She frowned at him. “Do you think this is funny? How can Alpha Neil think that you can be a perfect Alpha when you can’t even stay with your mate and reject her? You broke the law of nature. It should be you who got punished, not me.” She said angrily. 
He was bewildered. “Punished?” 
He wanted to know from her. Did something happen to her after the rejection? Though she did not come to school for one week, he inquired about her from her father, he told her that she looked upset. So he thought she might be heart broken. Not more than that. Was 
there something he did not know? 
“You don’t have to know.” She said and turned on the way to leave. He grabbed her wrist. “You can’t leave without answering me.” 
“I am not answerable to you, Alpha Ethan.” 
The more she was calling him by his rank, the more his blood was boiling. He was mad at himself only. What he did was a sin. 
“Forget what happened. I don’t want any bitter memories with anyone. 
She tried to break the hold and chuckled. “Yeah, sure. Bitter memories, but not for you but for me. It was my lesson to love someone blindly. I have learned my lesson very well.” 
He came close behind her without letting go of her wrist. 
“I am feeling guilty for what I did. I will die in this remorse.” 
She turned to him and pushed him. She pointed her finger at him. you die, then die. I don’t care. Your death has nothing to do with me. If you have done something then you must have the gut to accept it. How cowardly you rejected me and now you want my forgiveness to lessen your guilt! Wow, Ethan Iversen, great!” 
“Allison-” 
“No, don’t talk to me.” 
“Today is my birthday. I will take it as my present if you say you forgave me.” 
“You must be joking.” 
She started to walk and this time he did not stop her. 
She heard him from behind. 
“I will earn your forgiveness, I promise you.” 
She tightened her jaw and left the garden. She was furious at herself that she could not convince her mother to let her stay at home tonight. 
‘Why did I come here? I should feel ashamed.’ She thought and entered the hall. 
She looked around for her parents. They were laughing with Alpha and Luna. They looked busy talking with each other. 
Allison wanted to go there to ask them to leave. But then she paused. She did not want to ruin their mood. 
So she turned to the door and decided to leave the pack house alone. 
She went out of the party hall and headed to the main door. 
She was controlling herself. She wanted to cry, alone. She wanted to shout in anger. 
How dare he ask for her forgiveness? 
Did he think everything was very easy? 
She wanted to go home as soon as possible. She would message her mother about her going. 
She came out and looked at her phone. It was half an hour past midnight. 
How could she go alone now? The greatest fact was that she was an omega. Male wolves felt hungry in lust whenever they saw an omega. 
Now she started to feel sore again. 
‘Yes, I am an omega.’ She thought and laughed at herself. 
She started to walk outside without thinking about anything. Her mind 
was so blank that she could not think of anything. 
She came out of the area of the pack house. She walked to the parking area where many cars were parked. 
She was lost in Ethan’s thoughts that she did not realize that she had 
walked past a man. 
“Done talking with your lover?” 
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26
“Done talking with your lover?” 
Her steps halted when she heard the voice. She slowly turned around and saw Ryan. 
He was leaning back against his car while smoking. 
The smoke made a foggy atmosphere around him. His in-depth eyes were digging into hers. 
She looked away and turned around. She started to walk again. She did not reply to him. 
She felt him walking behind her. She ignored him and went to her father’s car. 
The car was locked. Where was the driver? He might go inside the party to have dinner. It was late so it was possible. Alpha Neil arranged a feast for the servants at every party. And it was the to be Alpha’s birthday, every pack would get something as a pres on behalf of Alpha Neil. 
“Where are you going?” Ryan asked her. 
“In hell.” She replied while thinking about getting a cab as she thought to get before. 
“Okay, let’s go then.” 
Hearing his reply, she turned to him. “I am not in the mood. So please just stay away.” 
Ryan nodded and puffed on his cigarette. 
Allison frowned and headed to the road. 
“Wait.” 
He threw the cigarette butt and smashed it with his shoe and then came in front of her. 
She did not want to stop but he just came in front of her and said that she had to stop. 
“You were good some time ago, what happened to you suddenly?” 
“Nothing happened.” She said and looked another way. 
“Now where are you going?” 
She felt annoyed by his questions. “What is it to you? Why do I need to answer you?” 
He was quiet for some seconds then said, 
“It’s okay. Don’t answer me. Just calm down first.” 
“NO, I CAN’T.” 
“WHY?” 
She shouted so he shouted back. 
Allison bit her lips to stop her tears from rolling down. 
“H-He asked for f-forgiveness.” 
Ryan raised his brows when he heard her. 
“It’s too early to ask forgiveness.” He reacted. 
Allison raised her head and looked up at him. 
“Do you think this is a game? Is my life a game that anyone can play anytime?” 
“No, I didn’t mean to say that.” 
“I don’t care what you meant. I need to go now.” 
“Okay, I will drive you home.” 
“No need.” She replied and began to walk. 
“Then go back to the party and show him that you are not weak for him anymore.” 
She stopped. “What do you mean?” 
“He asked for forgiveness. But what he did is unforgivable. He thinks you are still affected by him. Do you want him to think that?” 
Allison was perplexed by Ryan’s words. She could not deny that she was still affected by Ethan. But Ryan was right. She could not show Ethan that. 
“I don’t know what to do.” 
“Come with me. Go back to the party. Just relax and enjoy the part like normal girls do. Show him that you don’t care anymore.” 
Allison looked at him. She could not believe Ryan either. She did not forget what he tried to do with her. 
“Your brother is heartless. Don’t be like him with your mate in the future. The way you are playing with girls, it would affect your mate too.” 
Ryan did not reply to her. He was looking at her indifferently. As if he was unbothered thinking about his mate. 
Allison decided to go back to the party. Ryan did not follow her inside. He stayed outside thinking about what she had just told him. 
Allison proceeded to the party hall She saw her parents looking at her. 
She went to them. 
“Why 
did you leave the pack house this time?” Beta Glen asked. 
“Nothing Dad. Just wanted to feel the fresh air.” 
“Have you talked to Ethan? About the training?” 
“Dad, I don’t want to.” 
“No. You have to. Ethan is a well-wisher. He put forward the topic 
today and asked me to send you here. He said you are afraid of the fight so he will train you by himself.” 
“What” 
Allison immediately looked at Ethan who was in the bar side. He raised his drink and smiled at her as if telling her that even if she did not want him, he had a way to get what he wanted. 
‘How dare he!’ 
“Dad, I don’t want to join any kind of training. I don’t need any mar train me.” 
“He is your head Alpha. He is your protector. I can only trust him. know he will take care of you. Your mother also agreed with me.” 
Allison looked at her mother. Her mother nodded her head. “He is right. No matter what your rank is, you need to be strong. You should work hard for it. In any danger, it would help you to defend yourself. I am also an omega but a trained wolf.” 
Allison lowered her head and nodded. How could she deny them without any reason? 
She went to the bar side. She just stood beside Ethan and ordered a drink. 
Ethan made eye contact with the waiter. He nodded at him and gave her an apple juice. 
“We can’t give you any alcohol. It’s our Alpha’s order.” 
Allison thought the waiter was talking about Alpha Neil. So she just nodded her head. 
She turned her head to Ethan. She was fuming. 
“Why are you doing this?” 
He looked relaxed which she did not like. 
Wasn’t he begging her for forgiveness some time ago? What was the sudden confidence? 
Ethan sipped on his drink and looked at the guests. 
“I told you. I will earn it.” 
She frowned at him. “Stop doing all of this. I don’t even want to see your face. How did you think that I would come to you for training? I just despise you.” 
A smile shuffled on his lips. He really was affected by the rejectio mentally. He had been cursing himself for that decision too. But now it was time to compensate. He decided to fix his mistake from now 
оп. 
“I know something happened to you and you are hiding it from me. But I will figure it out soon.” 
“Do wherever you want, you can’t gain what you wish for. Because I will never forgive a heartless man like you.” 
Hearing that, he turned his head and came close to her face. 
Suddenly she felt someone else’s gaze on her. But she ignored it and glared at Ethan, showing how angry she was. 
He chuckled, 
“Okay, let’s see how long you can resist me
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27
Allison stepped back from Ethan when she heard Alpha Neil’s voice approaching them. 
“You two seem to be quite close. “I’m glad my kids are together.” 
She smiled as she turned to face Alpha Neil. She kept her rage hidden. 
Her gaze went behind Alpha Neil. She noticed Ryan leaving the pack house. 
‘When did he come in? He was outside,’ she reasoned. 
Luna Ella stopped him from going and spoke to him. He initially disputed it, but she grabbed his arm and pulled him to their side. 
“We are not friends yet, but we will be soon.” Allison looked away from where she was looking and turned to face Ethan. 
‘Friends my foot.’ She said in her head. 
“Ha ha ha. Such a straightforward person you are, young man!” Alpha Neil said to Ethan. 
Ethan stood up when he saw Luna Ella coming with Ryan. 
“Ryan came to wish his brother.” Luna Ella said and smiled. 
Ryan was looking everywhere except at Ethan. His eyes met Allison’s eyes. She felt there was something in his eyes that she could not 
read. 
Then he turned to Ethan and said, 
“Happy Birthday, big brother.” 
He sounded sarcastic. Ethan was three months older than Ryan. 
Alpha Neil shook his head. “It’s his birthday; why not treat him nicely on this occasion?” 
Ryan sighed and turned to face his father. 
“What do you want more from me than this, Alpha Neil?” 
When she heard Ryan’s icy tone, Allison almost sniffed. This was his second conversation with his father in front of her. He addressed his father by rank and not as ‘Dad,’ like Ethan did. 
Before Alpha Neil could say anything, Ethan spoke out, 
“Thank you” 
It eased the situation. He controlled the atmosphere before anything went wrong between the father and son. 
Allison thought it was their family time so she should leave from there and let them talk privately. 
But Luna Ella stopped her. “Where are you going?” 
“I am going to Mom.” 
“Your Mom and Dad are coming. We will go to have dinner together.” 
Allison nodded and stood there quietly. 
Alpha Neil concentrated on Ethan. He grinned like a proud Dad. 
“I want to say something to you, my son.” 
“Yes, Dad.” 
Allison saw how quickly Ethan responded to him. He was eager to hear all Alpha Neil had to say as if he was not only his father but also 
his mentor. 
She cast a glance at Ryan, who had come to her side to get a drink for 
himself. 
Looking at the conversation in front of him, he rolled his eyes. 
‘Why does he act so oddly in front of his parents? As if he is not their son or Ethan’s younger brother.’ She pondered. 
“I am so proud of you, my son. I realized you are really capable of anything the first time you shifted and started running with me. I did not tell you because I wanted to see how competent you were in training. I wanted to see your wolf fight like a king. I decided to give you my pack in the future when you were ten years old. You have never let me down, son. You got into this position by yourself. You are both elegant and strong. Only you are worthy of the Moonlight Crown pack.” 
Luna Ella agreed with her husband. She nodded and smiled at Ethan. She did not just call Ethan her son; she accepted him totally, just as Alpha Neil did. 
Allison became emotional when she witnessed this conversation. She considered that moment to be priceless. Ethan worked really hard as an Alpha and earned his position. He did not even care about his mate. 
It sounded silly, but Ethan had not yet left her heart. Despite her best efforts to despise him, he remained a stronghold in her heart. 
Ethan stayed silent. He nodded and looked away from Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. He waited for every opportunity to make them proud. He wanted to repay them for everything they had done to him by working hard. 
“Thanks, Dad.” 
Allison was shocked by his tone. It was soft as honey. He might become emotional by Alpha Neil’s words too. 
Alpha Neil hugged Ethan and patted his back. 
“Dad always loves you.” 
Allison diverted her eye from them. It was a great moment for the family. For father and son. 
She moved to her side, nearly forgetting Ryan was there next to her. 
He was staring at Alpha Neila and Ethan. His gaze was blank. She could not find any emotion in them. 
He blinked and turned away from them. He placed his drink on the counter and cleared his throat. 
“I’m going for dinner in the dining room.” 
He turned around and headed to the door. 
Allison was befuddled. She could not understand why she did that, but she followed behind him. She attempted to talk to him. 
“Hey! Why are you leaving your family right now? Are you not happy for your brother?” 
He came to a halt and did not turn to face her. He just nodded his head. 
“I’m happy for him…” He stopped, then whispered, 
“Not everyone is lucky enough to get a hug from his father.” 
Allison grew even more perplexed. She saw him exiting the party hall. 
She turned her head to Ethan. He seemed overjoyed. Alpha and Luna were still laughing with him. 
She then moved her gaze to the door. Ryan had already left the party hall. 
She was unable to understand the two brothers’ personalities since they were so diametrically opposite. 
One she loved but rejected her and then begged pardon. 
The other one wished to help her to move on but saw her as just 
another girl. However, when she became enraged, he began to push her to move on once again. 
Why were they so distant? 
Their relationships with their father were different too. 
They did not talk to each other either as if they were not brothers. 
Allison sighed and thought, 
‘What happened to them that they started to behave like enemies?’ 
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28
The party ended after everyone had their dinner. Guests went back to their homes as well as Allison and her family. 
Allison was in her room, laying on her bed, looking at the ceiling. She was thinking about what happened today. 
Why did Ethan say those things? What was going on in his mind? 
Her mind unexpectedly ran back to the moment when Ryan was leaving the party hall. 
He told his parents that he would be in the dining room. But when they went there, they did not see him. 
Allison felt strange about him. He did not come with a girl to ruin his father’s mood or his brother’s party. Still, why did his father not like him? 
‘No. Dislike is not the correct word to determine it. A father can’t dislike his son. He must be angry at him for his wrong doings.’ She thought. 
But Ryan’s words caught her. 
“Everyone is not lucky enough to get a hug from their fathers.” 
Allison sat up and tilted her head. 
“Why did he say that? It is not possible that Alpha Neil had never hugged him.” 
After thinking for some time, she shook her head and fell on the bed. again. 
“Why am I thinking about him? I should not. It’s not my problem. So I should stay away. It is better for me.” 
175 
She tried to sleep while thinking about how she would cancel the plan of training. 
The next morning, 
She was woken up by an alarm. She did her morning routine and got ready for school. 
She reached the school. Everyone glanced at her frequently. It was normal for her now but her legs stopped when she heard a few gossips. 
They were talking about her. Why did she become the hot topic of the day? 
She called Teresa to know where she was. Teresa said she would not come today. 
“Why?” Allison asked Teresa. 
“I have a fever.” 
“Oh no! How did this happen? How did you catch a cold?” 
“How would I know, Allison?” She asked her in a raspy voice. 
“You should have told me. I would have come to your home to accompany you instead of coming to school.” 
“I will be fine. Don’t worry.” 
“Are you taking medicine properly?” 
“Yes.” 
“Okay, then take care of your health. I will come….” 
Allison paused. She was about to say that he would go to Teresa’s house in the afternoon. But she realized that she had to go to the pack house. 
‘Wait, this is the perfect excuse.’ She thought. 
“I will come to your house after classes.” 
“You don’t have to. I will be-” 
“Shut up. Who comes to my home every time I feel sad or ill? I will come for sure.” 
Teresa chuckled. “Sure, bestie. I will wait.” 
“Hmm, till then take a rest.” 
“Okay, as you say.” 
Allison hung up and smiled. Teresa was precious to her. She always wanted her best friend healthy. 
She put her phone inside her bag and looked around but frowned. 
Everyone in the hall was looking at her. 
“What’s wrong?” She asked a girl. 
“What’s wrong? After what you did to Julie, you still think you have a 
face to show us?” The girl asked. 
Allison was taken aback. What did she do to Julie? 
“What happened?” She asked. 
Another girl came to her and showed her phone to Allison. 
Allison took the phone and watched carefully. 
Many pictures of her with Ethan got viral. 
Those were taken when she and Ethan were talking in the bar side last night. They looked really close. 
It was the moment when Ethan suddenly came close to her face to 
tell her that he would see how long she would resist him. 
People were commenting on their photos, only cursing Allison. They were talking about Julie. They commented that she was the reason behind the breakup of Ethan and Julie. 
Allison felt miserable when she scrolled down more comments. 
“How dare this girl chase another woman’s man? She is such a bitch.” 
“She was the reason, everyone. She changed herself to get noticed by our Alpha and then Alpha had to break up with Julie. What can I say? He is also a man after all.” 
“She should get punished.” 
“How can a normal girl go to the royal party? Not a normal person but it was our Alpha’s birthday party?” 
“Such a shameless omega, don’t even know her ability and status. But she went to the pack house secretly.” 
“Alpha Neil should take action. How can she join the party with the royals?” 
Allison blinked a few times to control herself after reading those 
comments. 
The girl snatched the phone from her. 
“What did you think? You can capture our Alpha’s heart? He doesn’t even know you well. How can you get so close to him?” 
Allison took a deep breath and started walking. She did not want to reply to anyone. 
People were looking at her when she was passing them. She could hear their whispers. 
‘How can they think I broke them up when I was the one who had to 
feel heartbroken? I was the mate who had to sacrifice. 
Will they still say the same if they get to know about the truth? Will they still agree to accept a rejection by their mates as well?’ 
“Who knows what her parents taught her? They must be very happy that their daughter trapped the soon to be head Alpha. Because with. their low status, they can’t even have this life.” 
“Yeah, so right.” Then they laugh at her. 
Allison stopped and turned to those girls who had just spoken. 
She walked to them. “What did you just say? How can you talk about my parents?” 
The girl rolled her eyes. “What more can we say? What people can join the party? Only royals and officials. The party ran almost the whole night. How careless they are to let you stay out all night?” 
Allison was hurt, very hurt. How could they talk nonsense about her parents like that? They did not even know them. 
“How dare you talk to her like that?” 
Everyone heard a cold voice. They turned around and gasped. “A-Alpha E-Ethan?” 
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29
Ethan was glaring at those girls. Allison looked away from him. It was all his fault. Everything was his fault 
She turned around and headed another way angrily. 
Ethan glanced at her back then turned to everyone. 
“If any of you talk about her again, I will cut your tongue.” 
Everyone lowered their head when they saw how furious he was. 
“And you girls.” He pointed his finger at the girls who had talked about Allison’s parents just now. He heard everything. 
“W-We are so sorry, A-Alpha.” They apologized. 
“Come to the pack house with your parents. Our Beta will handle you.” Ethan said. 
Their eyes widened. Beta? Beta Glen? They knew about him. He was a very tough man in the war. He was very strict when it came to 
protection and punishment. 
“N-No-” 
“Stop your nonsense and do what my Alpha ordered.” Wade spoke out. He was standing behind Ethan, He was the soon to be beta. So he had some authority too in the pack. 
Allison, on the other hand, did not attend any classes. She dashed to the rooftop. She shut the door. She took a step to the edge and gripped the railing tightly. Then she sobbed. 
What was going on with her? Why did she have to go through so much suffering while also being humiliated? She had not done anything. So, why? Why was everyone after her? 
15 
“I can’t take it any longer. My life began to unravel the moment I turned eighteen. I don’t want to be a part of this pack. This pack’s members are extremely judgemental.” She muttered and looked up at the sky. 
She was interrupted by another voice. 
“So, do you want to go somewhere else?” a 
She slowly turned around to see Ryan seated with his back against the wall near the door. 
What exactly was he doing here? How could she have missed him? Did he hear what she was saying? 
“W-What are you doing here?” 
He did not even look at her. His eyes were closed as if he was sleeping. 
“I was just having some alone time when you disturbed me.” 
Allison took a close look at him. His face shone brightly in the sunlight. 
What was he up to? Sunbathing? 
“This is not just your school. I can come here as well.” She said, 
turning back to the railing. Students could be seen from the rooftop. Some of them were entering the school, and some of them were leaving. 
“You look irritated.” He stated. 
“You are right. I’m getting annoyed.” 
“Would you like to share?” 
“No.” 
“Okay.” He merely answered. 
She eventually turned to face him. “Do you know what? I am telling you because it’s all because of your brother. He ruined my life. It’s like meeting him is a curse.” 
He did not respond to her. She approached him and knelt slightly. 
“Have you fallen asleep?” 
Still no response. 
She sat next to him, her legs pressed against her chest. She leaned back against the wall. 
She closed her eyes as tears streamed down her cheeks. She swiftly brushed her tears away and sobbed. 
“Tsk! Stop sobbing. Just because I told you that crying is not bad that does not mean you will become a crybaby.” 
He was audible to her. Her eyelids opened and she turned to face him 
He still did not open his eyes. He pressed his arms on his chest. 
“What brings you here?” She asked. 
“I answered you a few minutes ago.” 
“No, I mean. Are you sad like me?” 
Allison had no idea, but she was surprised to feel at ease. She was feeling comfortable with him. 
“I don’t get sad.” 
“Never?” 
“Never.” 
She sat appropriately, with her knees bent. “How is that possible? Everyone can not be happy all of the time.” 
35 
Suddenly she touched her chest and felt her wolf’s response. 
All things just happened to her peeled off from her mind as she smiled at her wolf’s reaction. She could feel her inside. She did not feel wolfless. 
‘You are back’ She asked in her mind. 
She could feel her but she could not connect the link with her wolf. 
“I don’t believe in these types of things. I only believe in myself.” He let out. 
She almost forgot that she was sitting with him. She was too happy to get her wolf’s response that she forgot him. 
Her eyes fell on his white shirt. The tattoo on his chest was visible. 
“Can I ask you something?” 
“No.” 
“What is the meaning of your tattoo?” 
She asked though he said no. She knew he would reply to her. 
“I said no. Why did you ask?” 
“Because I know you will answer.” 
“Why? Do you trust me that much?’ 
‘Did I just show trust in him? How can I trust him after what he did to me in the classroom?’ She asked herself but did not get any answer. But she had to answer something. So she replied, 
“No, I don’t.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course. Why would I trust you? I don’t.” 
BONUS 
He turned his head and looked into her eyes. Her pupils dilated. 
His eyes were very red as if he had hot fallen asleep the whole night. 
She unknowingly went near his face to look into his eyes. 
“Did you not get enough sleep? Why are your eyes puffy? You lied about coming to the dining hall to eat with everyone. Where have you been all the time?” 
His gaze was traveling across her face. When he got a little closer, she gulped. 
“Why do you care?” His warm breath and deep voice brushed her cheek. 
He stared her in the eyes. He seemed to be able to see into her soul. His gaze was drawn to her lips. Their lips were inches apart, almost touching. 
She closed her eyes tightly since she did not know what she v feeling at the time. 
She failed to feel anything on her lip for a few seconds. She hea 
cy voice instead of a kiss. 
“Don’t trust me, Allison.” 
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30
“Don’t trust me, Allison.” 
Allison opened her immediately. She was shocked, mostly horrified. 
What happened to her Did she just almost let him kiss her? If he did not back away, they might have kissed already. 
‘What is wrong with me?’ She thought. 
She looked at Ryan. He was looking at her. His eyes were cold. 
‘He must be thinking of me as a shameless girl.’ 
Her eyes became teary. She turned her head to another side. She wiped the corner of her eyes. 
“Why are you crying?” He asked. 
She was speechless. Should she reply to him? She stood up. 
“Nothing.” Then she stood beside the door. 
She glanced at him. He was staring at her. 
“Go and take a rest. You should sleep.” 
She opened the door wide and left the rooftop. 
She was mad at herself. Every time she met Ryan, something happened. 
She could blame him for the classroom, but what about today? How could she let go of her self- respect like that? 
She was going downstairs when her eyes fell on Ethan. 
She tightened her fists. She wanted to give him a punch. 
‘All of this is happening because of him.’ 
“Allison” 
Ethan called her. 
She walked past him. Ethan followed her behind. 
“Allison, listen to me.” 
“Stay. Away.” She muttered angrily. 
“Where are you going?” 
“You don’t have to know.” 
Everyone was staring at them. They were surprised that their Alpha who never behaved so desperately to any girl was running over a girl. 
Allison emerged from the entrance. She began to walk in the direction of the bus stop. 
Ethan grabbed her hand. “Stop. 
“How dare you touch me?” She roared and snatched her hand. 
Ethan took a deep breath. “Okay, calm down. I am not touching you.” 
“Shut up. And don’t follow me.” 
She continued to walk again. She felt he no longer followed her. 
She went to the bus stop and sat down on a bench, waiting for a bus. 
She was moving her legs while sitting. She was very nervous. She did not know why. 
“I have to stay away from Ryan. I can’t go around him. Whenever he comes in front of me, I feel strange.” 
She bit her lips. She rested her chin on her palms. 
A bus came and people started to fill the bus. She stood up and went inside the bus. 
She sat beside a window. A middle aged woman sat beside her. She observed Allison’s expression. 
“Are you upset?” 
“Huh?” 
Allison turned her head to her. The woman smiled at her. “Is something bothering you, kid?” 
The woman’s green eyes were very attractive. Allison understood that she was a witch. 
“I am just confused.” She said and turned back to the window to see 
outside. 
“Why?” 
“I am not feeling good.” 
“Is it about your wolf?” 
Allison turned to her and asked, “How do you know?” 
“We can see many things.” The woman replied. Green eyes turned dark, she let out, 
“Your wolf does not look good to me. She is in anguish. She felt some pain that broke her totally.” 
Allison lowered her head when she heard that. 
“But she will recover soon.” 
Allison heard her again. It was true because she took Doctor Linus’s potion. 
“Yeah, i have a potion for omegas.” 
The woman looked perplexed. “A potion?” 
“Yeah, my doctor told me that would help me.” 
She shook her head. “There is no potion in the world that can give you back your wolf but your mate.” 
“Mate?” 
The woman nodded. “Yeah. Only a mate can save her mate’s wolf. I can see, she is recovering well. Though she is weak, she will be fine soon. All you have to do is, stay beside him.” 
Allison stared at her blankly. She whispered, 
“But my mate rejected me.” 
The woman was stunned. “How can this be possible?” 
Allison did not reply to her. She had nothing to say. 
“I think the mate bond has not broken yet. Because I can see you have a mate.” 
Allison’s eyes widened. She could not be more shocked. 
The woman patted her back. “Kid, don’t worry too much. Your wolf needs her mate as well as you. So try to stay close to him. It will give your wolf strength. It will help her to recover fastly.” 
At that time the bus stopped. It was Allison’s house area. She stood up slowly. But her mind was full of confusion. 
She smiled at the woman. “Bye Aunt” 
“Stay blessed.” 
“Thanks.” 
She got down from the bus and started to walk. She was confused about what the woman said to her. 
She tried to remember when she first felt her wolf response after the rejection. 
But that morning she did not meet Ethan or did she? Was he there somewhere? 
She met him when she went to Doctor Linus. She felt pain in her heart. Was it also a response? 
Today she felt it again. Today Ethan was there in the hall too, 
Allison closed her eyes and shook her head. 
“No, no. This is nonsense. Mate bonds haven’t broken yet? How can it be possible?” 
She headed to Teresa’s house as she was guessing about everythin 
“But if it’s not true then how did my wolf react?” 
She tried to shove her all thoughts and reached Teresa’s house. 
“Allison, Dear. How are you?” Teresa’s mother asked. 
“Fine, Aunt. How about you?” 
“All good. But your best friend suddenly got sick.” 
“Yeah, I came to see her.” 
Teresa’s mother nodded and told her to go to Teresa’s room to meet her. 
Teresa was using her phone when Allison went to her room. 
Teresa was stunned that she came so early. Allison hugged her and asked about her condition. 
They talked about Teresa’s health. Teresa asked her what happened to her. 
Allison could not restrain herself to tell her everything. 
“You mean your mate is helping your wolf to recover?” 
“The witch woman said so.” 
“How can we believe her?” 
“She told me about my wolf without me telling her anything. She is a witch so obviously she was trying to help me.” 
Teresa nodded her head. She thought for a moment and advised her, 
“That means you will have to spend some time with Ethan from now on if you want to recover your wolf.” 
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31
“That means you will have to spend some time with Ethan from now on if you want to recover your wolf.” 
Allison lay down on the bed. She closed her eyes. 
“I don’t want it, Teresa.” 
“I have just seen some pictures. They are saying something else huh.” She waved her phone close to Allison’s face. 
Allison opened her eyes and rolled them. 
“He asked me for forgiveness.” 
“What?” 
“Yeah.” 
“You didn’t say that to me.” 
“How can I? You were not at the school.” 
“Tell me what happened. Tell me everything.” 
Allison sat up and told her about everything. Including what happened with Ryan. 
“You mean Alpha Ethan is apologizing to you and wishes to earn your forgiveness.” 
“Yeah.” 
“And his brother Ryan tried to get close to you. You almost let him kiss you?” 
“Y-Yeah.” 
“THAT BASTARD!” 
16 
Allison sighed. She knew she would get this reaction. 
“Allison, stay away from him. I am warning you. He is a playboy.” 
“I am not that close to him either. But it’s just I don’t know what is going wrong with me.” 
“Nothing is happening. He is using his charms on you.” 
“His charms?” 
“Yes, his charms. He is using his tricks to get you. You know how Playboys usually use tricks to trap girls. He is doing that.” 
“Really?” Allison asked and glanced at the blank wall. 
“Yeah, Honey. Come here. I will protect you from him. He is not good for you.” Teresa pouted and hugged her as if Allison was a kid. 
“Whatever. Drop this topic. Tell me about you. Are you still in contact with that Max?” 
Teresa was silent. Allison looked at her. 
“What? Do you really believe him?” 
“I don’t think he is like Ryan. Ryan came from abroad but Max was always here. We saw him before. He is a good boy.” 
“Wait a minute. When did this happen? How long have you been observing him?” 
“Just a few years.” 
“Oh my god!! You didn’t tell me!” 
“I was confused. He was just a crush. I thought I would never get to talk to him, you know. If the chance is so low then why would I dream of it? So I didn’t tell you.” 
26 
Allison nodded her head. “If you really like him. Then please be careful, okay? I don’t want you to end up like me. Your birthday is also coming.” 
“I will wait for my mate. I know Max does not like me. We are just 
friends.” 
“But you like him.” 
“As you say, I can’t feel the pain like you. So it would be better if I wait for my fate.” 
Allison smiled. “You are not foolish like your best friend.” 
They talked for hours. Allison had lunch at Teresa’s house. Teresa’s mother called Allison’s mother and told her that Allison would be at their house till evening. 
“I am so sorry, Hailey. She can’t.” 
“Why Joey?” 
“Allison has to go to the pack house” 
Teresa’s mother was stunned. “Pack house? Is everything okay?” 
“Yeah, everything is okay. But she has to join the training course from today.” 
“It’s a nice thing. Don’t worry I will send her soon.” 
“Thanks a lot, Hailey. Let’s meet one day and talk more peacefully.” 
“Yeah, you are right. It’s been a long time since we have seen each other.” 
They talked for a while then Teresa’s mother went to Teresa’s room. 
“Allison, you have to go now. Your mother told me you have to go to the pack house.” 
“Pack house?” 
Allison almost forgot about training. But she planned to cancel it. 
“It’s okay, I can go tomorro-” 
“NO!” 
Teresa spoke out loudly. 
Allison turned to her. Teresa smiled at her awkwardly. 
“You have to go, remember? You have to go. Your wolf wants to train. Am I right?” 
Teresa gestured to her in front of her mother and tried to remind Allison about her wolf. 
Allison understood what she was saying. She nodded her head. “Oh, yeah. My wolf… wants to go training.” 
She said goodbye to Teresa and her mother then left the house. 
She took a cab to go to the pack house directly. When she arrived in the area, it was already afternoon. 
She paid the driver and did not get out of the cab immediately. She took a deep breath. 
“Madam, we are here. You can-” 
“I know I know. I am leaving.” 
She got down and headed to the pack house. The pack house’s areal was really big. No one could enter any car without Alpha’s 
permission. So she could not take the cab inside. 
When she reached the pack house, guards recognized her and smiled at her, she smiled back at them. 
They were old guards. They had known her since she was a child. 
She entered the pack house, Luna was sitting on the couch, talking with someone on her phone. 
When she saw Allison she stood up. 
“Yes, yes. She is here. Now let me talk to her 
Your time is over.” She 
chuckled and hung on. 
“Come here, Dear. I was just talking to your mother.” 
Allison smiled and walked to her. She felt awkward coming here alone. She always came with her mother. She just came here last night. Now again she came back. 
“I came here for training, Luna.” 
“I know that. Take a rest first then go to the training hall.” 
“No, it’s okay. I am totally fine to go there.” 
“As you wish. But don’t think of going back before dinner.” 
“Dinner? It would be too late.” 
“One of our drivers will send you home. So no worries.” 
Allison could not deny her. She nodded and headed to the training hall. 
The pack was enormous, like a palace. There was a pair of stairs that led to going upstairs and then connected together. It was a duplex bungalow. 
Inside the house, there were numerous hall rooms, including a 
ballroom. 
She entered the training area. She expected a large number of pack fighters to train there. 
However, she was shocked to see that there was no one in the 
training hall. She took a step forward to have a look around. But she came to a halt as she heard Ethan’s voice from behind her. 
“Welcome to your first day of training.” 
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32
“Welcome to your first day of training.” 
She turned around. Ethan was grinning at her. 
He was in his training clothes. His black training pants and white skin. tight t-shirt could grab anyone’s attention. His muscles were visible in that t-shirt. 
Allison almost lost in his good looks but then she controlled her heart. 
He walked to her. “You came late. I thought you would be on time.” 
She averted her gaze from him and looked around the massive hall. 
“I was busy. Where is everyone?” 
“I gave them leave.” 
She was stunned. “Leave?” 
“Yeah, I thought it was your first day. So you need some privacy since you are shy.” 
She glared at him. “I am not shy.” 
“Will see.” He replied and headed to another room. Allison did not 
know if she should follow him or not. 
She followed him. They arrived in a large room. It was similar to a locker room, except it was a place where everyone came to change 
their clothes. 
He went to the large closet and opened one of the drawers. He pulled 
out a black cloth. 
“Here are your training clothes. Change your clothes. Come to the hall now. I’ll be waiting for you.” 
Allison nodded 
added and exited the room. It 
was om. 
People 
gathered here after training to take a shower to eliminate sweat from their bodies. 
She was dressed in a black T-shirt and cargo pants. Those made her 
feel at ease. 
She went to the training room. 
She noticed Ethan drawing a line with white chalk. He halted when he 
turned his head to her. 
“Let’s get started,” Allison remarked, approaching him. 
He stood up and nodded. 
By the way, you look good in these clothes.” Ethan said as his gaze traveled to her body. He had never thought her body would be like this. So perfect and beautiful. The curves of the upper body were visible to him. 
He averted his gaze so as not to make her feel uncomfortable wit his skimming eyes. 
“Stand on the opposite side of the line.” 
Allison attempted to follow his instructions. He demonstrated some warm-up movements to her. 
“How can I possibly do that?” Allison inquired when she noticed how neatly he stretched out one leg on the ground while bending the other. 
“You certainly can. Just give it a shot.” 
“I am trying.” 
“No, it’s not like that.” 
He spoke up and approached her. He sat alongside her and pushed her leg, which was at its limit. 
“Wait, what are you doing? It hurts.” 
“Assisting you in preparing for a perfect fight. Legs are the most important body part for any fight. So concentrate on your legs.” 
When Allison clenched her eyes hard to bear the pain, Ethan gazed at her. She placed her palm on his shoulder and fist-cuffed his t-shirt. 
“You are going to kill me today. My knees are in excruciating pain.” 
Ethan did not respond to her. He was staring at her. He could see her clearly and very closely. 
She was stunningly attractive, with flawless skin. 
Why hadn’t he looked at her this way before? 
Or did he lack the confidence to do so? 
Allison felt his hand moving from her knee to her thigh. She jerked back and opened her eyes. 
“What exactly are you doing?” 
Ethan averted his attention from her and rose up as he heard her 
query. 
“Let’s do this right now.” 
He moved back and began to stretch his hands. Allison slowly stood up and followed his moves. 
Ethan taught her some fighting techniques. They were all defensive 
moves. 
“You are free to use them whenever you are in danger, okay?” 
Allison nodded and concentrated on her exercises. She also desired 
to learn to fight. She wanted to defend herself on her own. 
They practiced for two hours. They were drenched in sweat. 
“You can shower and put on a bathrobe. You are free to wear your 
attire.” 
“I’m going to wear the clothes I was wearing before this training.” 
“Sure.” 
Ethan walked to the restroom to take a shower. 
Allison punched the air behind him as if she were pounding him. 
He turned around at that point. In her astonished state, she froze. 
He frowned at her unmoved hand in the air. She glanced at her hand slowly and immediately moved down. 
“W-Well, I-I was-I was trying out the moves.” 
“Hmm” 
He turned and started to walk again. She sighed and shook her head. 
But she could not see the faint smile on his lips. 
Allison took a shower and changed into her clothes which were blue jeans and a black top. 
She came out of the shower and rubbed her hair. Ethan was already out so he waited for her outside. 
When she went out of the training hall she saw him talking with. someone on the phone. 
He glanced at her and hung up. He approached her. 
“You look fresh.” He murmured while looking at her wet hair. 
Allison did not respond to him. She made her 
She decided to return right away. There was 
way to the pack house. Still time for dinner. She 
would eat dinner with her parents at home. 
“How was your training?” Luna Ella asked when she saw her entering the pack house. 
“Good, Luna.” 
“That’s satisfactory. Your hair is wet” 
“Yeah, I took a shower.” 
“You will catch a cold. Go upstairs and dry your hair.” 
“Okay.” 
She made her way upstairs carefully. She went through the first room, which was Ethan’s. He might go to his room now, so she did not go there. 
There were two further rooms. One of them, she remembered, was n, she remembered, was the guest room. But she was unable to recall which one. As a result, she headed to the last room in the
corner. 
When she opened the door, she noticed the room was dark. She 
turned on the lights, and the room brightened. 
The room was painted in black and white. On the right side, there was a king-sized bed. A large window next to it. Many black-colored 
pieces of furniture were scattered across the room. 
“The room has changed a lot in two years.” She said to herself. 
She needed to use the restroom to fetch a hair dryer. But her gaze was drawn to the bedside table. There was a photograph of a boy and 
his parents. 
She recognized the young boy. Did she mistakenly come to his room? 
She was about to turn to leave the room but paused when she heard 
the boy’s voice. 
“What are you doing in my room?” 
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33
“What are you doing in my room?” 
Allison turned around. Ryan was leaning in his door while folding his arms against his chest. 
The door was closed! When did he come and close the door? She did 
not hear any noise. 
“I came to take..” She paused when she saw something on his white 
shirt. 
“To take what?” He asked. 
Her eyes were on his shirt only. There was a mark of a red lipstick inch down from the collar of his shirt. It was visible. Not only her, but also anybody could notice it. 
Allison remembered what would have happened between them in the 
morning. 
They might have kissed if he had not moved away from her. 
How could she do that? Had she lost her mind? 
He came back to his home after doing dirty things with another girl. As he always did. 
Allison looked away and replied, 
“I mistakenly came here.” 
“Really?” 
“Yeah.” She declared and walked to the door. 
However, he was standing there at the door. If she wanted to go, she 
had to move him. 
715 
“How can you mistakenly come to a man’s room? Not only did you come to my room, but you also had a shower.” 
She looked at him and shook her head. 
“I didn’t take a shower here. Let me go, I have to go to Luna.” 
Ryan did not know why she came to his house or what she was doing 
in his room but by looking at her face, he could say she was not feeling good here. 
“Sure.” He moved aside from the door. Allison touched the doorknob. 
“I heard what happened today in school.” Allison turned her head to 
him. 
“About the pictures.” He enlightened the fact he was talking about. 
“Yeah. I don’t know who clicked them and uploaded such a fake post.” 
“I must say. You two look good together. And what is fake? You can’t say any of that is a fake picture. You two were undoubtedly this clos last night.” 
She turned to the door and nodded. “Yeah.” 
She did not need to explain anything to him. He was no one to get any justification from her. She opened the door and left his room. 
She made her way downstairs and looked for Luna Ella. 
“You haven’t dried your hair yet? Come with me.” 
Luna Ella took her to her room when she heard she mistakenly went 
to Ryan’s room. 
Allison entered the master bedroom. It was downstairs in the left side corner. The bedroom was having all the advantages of broad spaces. So much furniture was there but it still looked classy. 
Luna sat on the bed and Allison sat on the tool in front of the dressing table. 
“The bedroom is ours for a few days. After the coronation, Ethan will 
shift here.” Luna Ella said. 
Allison heard her while drying her hair. 
“I hope he will get the best Luna. Because if a Luna supports her Alpha wholeheartedly, he can do anything.” 
Allison smiled at her. “It must feel really good to be Luna. Everything is here for you.” 
Luna Ella chuckled. “It’s not so easy, dear. A Luna had to bear pain too. If the Luna is not strong, the Alpha can be in danger. Because his rivals can attack her to get the pack. The Alpha will be helpless at that moment. He will lose everything at the same time.” 
Allison lowered her head. She remembered what Ethan told her in the 
time of rejection. He was doing that for his people, for his pack. 
Hearing Luna Ella, she suddenly felt Ethan took the decision for hist people unquestionably. He was only thinking of his pack and its safety. 
“But a low ranked Luna can be like other powerful Lunas too, If her Alpha supported her wholeheartedly” 
Allison looked at Luna Ella. She was smiling at her. Allison could not 
understand the reason behind her smile. But she nodded at her. 
“That means, A Luna and An Alpha are part and parcel to each other. If you support him and he will support you back, you can achieve everything together.” 
“Yeah.” Allison mumbled. 
Allison looked at her hair. It was done. 
“Luna, i want to go home.” 
“Of course, you will. But not before having dinner with us. Let’s go, dinner is ready.” 
Allison could not refuse her. She went to the dining hall with her. 
She saw Alpha Neil was already there. He was in his office all day long. When the maids called him for dinner, he came to have dinner 
with everyone. 
Allison glanced at the right side of Alpha Neil. Ethan and Ryan were sitting there. 
Alpha Neil saw her and smiled. She smiled back and bowed to him. 
Luna Ella sat on the left side of Alpha Neil and Allison sat beside 
Luna Ella. 
In that position, she was facing Ryan, he was in her opposite seat. 
She did not look at any Iversen brother. 
“Hello, my child. How are you?” Alpha Neil said to Allison. 
“Fine, Alpha. What about you?” 
“Busy at work. There is so much work before giving my responsibility to the next head Alpha.” 
Allison nodded and glanced at Ethan. He was looking at his plate. 
Everyone started to eat quietly. 
Suddenly Alpha Neil asked, 
“How was your training today?” 
Allison looked at him and nodded her head. “It was good, Alpha.” 
“Just good?” 
“V-Very good.” 
Alpha Neil chuckled at her answer. 
“What training?” 
Ryan’s voice came to her ear from her opposite seat. 
Luna Ella replied, “Today was the first day that Allison began her training. I believe she will learn everything soon.” 
“Of course, she will.” Ethan spoke out with an assuring tone. 
Allison blushed while looking at her food. Everyone was praising her too much. She was not even strong. But she needed some inspiration so it was a good thing for her. 
Alpha Neil let out, 
“How can she not learn properly when the future Alpha himself will train her every day?” 
Allison could feel a gaze on her. She lifted up her head and saw Ryan looking at her. His eyes were cold. She could feel herself frozen in her 
seat. 
She could not help but think, ‘What’s wrong with him?’ 
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34
“Teach her every move that royal wolves use in battle, Ethan. I want Allison to grow into a good fighter.” Alpha Neil stated while chewing 
his supper. 
Ethan gave a nod. “Don’t be worried, Dad. I will.” While glancing at Allison, he responded. 
Allison was looking at Ryan, then at Ethan. Ryan was furious, but 
Ethan’s eyes were soft on her. 
She turned her gaze from them and concentrated on her food. She was unwilling to hear anything further about fighting or training. 
Ryan grinned at Alpha Neil and twisted his head to Ethan. “I thought an Alpha was supposed to assist the current Alpha before seizing control of the pack? It appears that our future Alpha is enjoying his 
leisure time.” 
Ethan turned to face him and stared him in the eyes. 
“Am I completely wrong, Alpha Ethan?” Ryan rolled out his name sarcastically with rank. 
Ethan gave him a friendly smile. “Yes, you are wrong, brother. I don’t have the free time to live my life by going to clubs and throwing parties.” 
Ryan rolled his eyes. “What makes you spend your precious time on training an Omega? Don’t you have a bunch of pack fighters to train them?” 
“Well, our current Gamma is doing that. After him, my gamma will take over the job. But how can I describe that to you? You can’t understand the royal jobs you know.” 
Ryan scoffed at him as if he did not feel any insult from Ethan’s 
words. 
“Most importantly, no matter how busy I am, I am always there for my family. Allison is Beta Glen’s daughter. So she is a member of our family too. I am delighted to devote my time to her. What does it matter if she is an omega? I’m going to train her like an Alpha she- 
wolf.” 
Everyone was staring at the two brothers, who were locked in a 
staredown. 
Allison had no idea what was going on. The person who first encouraged her is now discussing her rank. And the other, who rejected her because of her rank, tried to make her powerful? 
“Stop talking and eat quietly.” Alpha Neil spoke out with a cold tone. 
Ethan and Ryan were still glaring at each other as if, at any moment, they would end up fighting. 
“What did your father say? Didn’t you both hear him? Focus on you meal.” Luna Ella said it in the same icy tone. 
Allison was taken aback by her demeanor. Luna Ella’s gentle side had always been apparent to her. She was able to glimpse her dominant side today. She was a Luna, as domineering as her Alpha. 
However, she noticed something in the eyes of Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. That was terror. They were scared that Ethan and Ryan would fight to the death. 
Ethan and Ryan both looked away from each other after hearing their mother’s voice. 
Ryan stood up from his seat. Luna Ella looked at him. 
“Where are you going? You can’t leave without finishing your food.” 
“I’m done.” Ryan replied. 
His gaze was fixed on Allison. At that moment, Allison also looked at 
him. 
Then Ryan looked away and left the dining room in a bad mood. 
The atmosphere was silent. Alpha Neil glanced at Allison. 
“He is an uncivilized young man. Don’t mind his words.” 
Allison gave a nod. She decided it would be best if she went back home as soon as possible. 
She waited for Alpha Neil and Luna Ella to finish their dinner after she finished hers. It would be impolite for her to leave like this. 
Later, everyone went to the living room. Allison spoke out to them, 
“I think I should leave now.” 
Alpha Neil nodded his head. “Okay. He turned to Ethan and ordered him, 
“Go and drop her off at home.” 
“Okay, Dad.” Ethan stood up and was about to go out when Allison stopped him, 
“No need. Thank you. I can go back by myself.” 
“No, you can’t. It’s already late. I can’t let you go alone at this time.” 
Ethan let out. 
Alpha Neil and Luna Ella both saw how Ethan behaved with her. They 
looked at each other and smiled. 
Luna Ella cleared her throat. “It’s okay, Allison. He is a good driver. He will drive the whole pack soon. You can trust your life with him.” 
Allison felt like laughing inside her mind. ‘Trust my life with him? He almost killed me,” she thought. 
Ethan did not listen to her. “I am going to take out my car. Come outside.” 
Allison bowed to Alpha and Luna, then followed Ethan outside. 
He went to the parking lot to take out his car while Allison waited for 
him outside. 
“So he is going to train you daily.” 
She heard Ryan’s voice. She turned around and saw him coming to her. It looked like he was outside all the time. 
“Yeah,” Allison replied simply. 
He nodded his head as if calming himself from something then said, 
“I am just curious.” 
“About what?” 
“How can you be so shameless?” 
“Pardon?” Allison was startled by his words. 
He glared at her. “Didn’t he reject you? Then why are you wasting time on him? Why are you even talking with him?” 
She stared at him for a few seconds, then replied, 
“Ryan Iversen, firstly, you are not my dad. So please stop telling me what I should do or not do. Secondly, just because you know about the rejection, you can not mock me about it all the time. 
And lastly, he apologized to me. He was helpless. He thought more about his pack than his mate. So I can not do anything with him.” 
“He was so right. You don’t deserve him. I can’t believe I even gave you a suggestion to move on. Because all you can do is roam around the head Alpha without even thinking about your self- respect. Wait a minute, do you even have any self-respect?” 
Allison was stunned. She had never thought Ryan would talk to her like that. Because all the time, he only motivated her. 
He was right that she should not be with Ethan, but why was he humiliating her like that? 
She needed Ethan, at least until she got her wolf back. Ryan just misunderstood her. 
She took a deep breath. Before she could say anything, Ethan’s voice came from behind. 
“How dare you talk to her like that?” 
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35
Ethan came to them and glared at Ryan. 
“Why are you talking so rudely to her?” 
Ryan’s eyes were still on Allison. 
She was speechless. She did not think Ethan would ever come to defend her. 
“Why do you care?” Ryan asked Ethan and turned his head to him. 
Suddenly, Allison felt her wolf whining. She felt her wolf shaking inside. Her wolf was reacting again. 
Ethan grabbed her wrist, and she heard him say, 
“I care for her. You heard me, right? So stop provoking her.” 
Allison slowly turned her head towards Ethan. 
Did he say he cared for her? Why? 
“Where was your care at that time when you rejected her?” Ryan inquired and approached him. Ethan also took a step forward. 
Allison had no doubt that they might fight at any time. She remembered how they fought in class. She injured herself while 
attempting to stop it. 
So she did not want to be a part of it this time. 
She yanked her hand away from Ethan’s grasp. She gazed at them both and said, 
“I don’t care what you both think about me. I don’t want to know 
either. Just leave me alone.” 
She turned around and walked to the road. 
“Stay away from her.” Ethan warned this to Ryan angrily and ran 
behind Allison. 
Ryan stared at the two of them with his glowing eyes. 
“Allison” 
She heard Ethan calling her but she did not stop walking. 
She heard the horn of a car behind her. Ethan took his car to take 
Allison and drop her home. 
But Allison did not want to go with him. She wanted to be alone. 
Her mind was stirred up. Ryan’s words were running through her mind. 
‘How dare he talk to me like that? Just because he knows my 
weakness, he can’t humiliate me. He called me shameless! Who is 
he? No one.’ She scolded Ryan in her head. 
“Don’t worry. You will be fine.” She told her wolf and stepped slowly, 
A car came around and stopped in front of her. Ethan came out of the 
car. 
“Allison, get in the car.” 
“No.” 
“Don’t be stubborn. I will drop you home.” 
“I don’t want your help.” 
“You were about to go with me until you met Ryan. Please don’t listen to him. He is just brainwashing you. 
She frowned at him. “Brainwashing me? Do you think what he said was a lie? He was right. I should not be with you for a moment. You 
are the one who rejected me without mercy. I am supposed to hate you till the end of my life.” 
“Allison, don’t say such a thing.” 
“Are you kidding me? You left me to die. Did you forget that, Alpha Ethan?” 
He looked away from her and requested her, 
“Please. Mom and Dad ordered me to drop you off at home. If I don’t 
do that, what will they think about me?” 
She pointed her finger at him. “This is what you are. Always think about what others think about you. Just like how you rejected me by thinking of your pack. My life was a waste for you.” 
“No, it’s not true.” 
“I don’t care about anyone. Go to hell.” 
She walked past the car. But he grabbed her wrist. 
“There are still three hours left before my birthday ends. Can I request this from you? Please come with me. I will drop you home.” 
He dragged her to the door and opened it. 
“Please?” 
Allison looked at him. His soft eyes were requesting her to agree with 
him. 
She looked away and sat in the passenger seat. He came to the driver’s seat and started the car. 
The whole ride was silent. When the car stopped in front of her house, Ethan came out to open her door. 
She got out of the car and glanced at him. 
“I don’t want to get any training from you anymore.” 
“That’s not possible.” 
“Why?” 
“I have already set everything in my schedule. Dad and your father both wanted this. You can’t refuse them. They want you to become a 
well-trained wolf.” 
She stared at him. What happened to him? Why didn’t he think about her like that before rejecting her? 
‘He is thinking that by doing all this, he can repay me?’ 
Ethan looked into her eyes. He wanted to tell her that he wanted to train her and make her one of the best fighters so that, in the future, she would be like other high-ranked wolves. He wanted to prepare her 
with his own hands. 
“Ethan” 
They heard a voice and turned to Allison’s house. 
It was Allison’s mother, Joey. She was waiting for Allison. When she saw Allison with Ethan, she called him from the door. She was a little far away, so she could not hear them. 
“Aunt Joey, hello.” Ethan shouted from there. 
“Son, what are you doing outside? Come inside, have dinner with us.” She gestured to him with her hands. 
Before he could reply, Allison spoke out, 
“No, he can’t. We had our dinner in the pack house.” 
“Oh. Then come inside. Let’s have coffee.” 
Joey was a very lovable person. She adored Ethan because he was 
brought up in front of her eyes. So she did not think of him as an Alpha but as her son. 
More than that, he was the future Alpha. How could she let him go from the door? 
“No, he had some work,” Allison replied again. 
Though it was an insult to Ethan, he still smiled at Allison. 
“Are you afraid that I will grab more attention from your parents?” 
Allison turned to him and shook her head. She said in a low voice, 
“No. I don’t want my parents to get close to you. They don’t know what you did to their daughter. But the moment they get to learn about it, they will start to hate you. So it’s better if we maintain the relationship like an Alpha and pack members. It would be nice for all of us.” She smiled back a little as if she were talking with a stranger. 
Ethan was taken aback. His smile froze. He averted his eyes from her and stepped back. 
“See you tomorrow. Come to the training hall at the time. I will wait for you.” 
He turned around to go inside the car. But he heard her. “Happy Birthday, Ethan.” 
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36
Ethan turned to Allison. She looked indifferent. 
“It’s your day. So I wish you a happy life, Alpha Ethan. Don’t expect anything more than this. And thanks for dropping me home.” 
She turned around and headed to her house. 
Ethan stared at her back for a while, then drove away with his car. 
“Why didn’t you convince him to come inside?” Allison heard her mother when she entered her house. 
“Mom, he is going to be the head Alpha. He does not have as much time as his pack members. He has some work.” 
Her mother observed her carefully. “Allison?” 
“Yes, Mom?” 
“Is everything okay? You don’t look in a good mood.” 
“I am fine, Mom. I am tired because of training.” 
At that time, her father came to the living room. 
“How was your training?” 
Allison nodded her head. “It was good.” 
“How was Ethan as a trainer?” 
“Just fine.” 
Just fine? He can kill more than hundreds in a night. He went to a war with us a few years ago. That time we understood how eligible he is for this position.” 
Allison felt abhorrent thinking about Ethan killing wolves. 
“Dad, I am just learning defensive moves so that I can protect myself.” 
“Yeah. But soon you will learn attacking moves too. He will teach you 
everything.” 
“Okay.” 
She did not think too much about it. She was a simple girl who only 
wanted to live a simple life. 
War, fight, kill. Those were not her cups of tea. 
“I am sleepy. I already had dinner at the pack house. I am going to sleep now. Good night.” 
She told her parents and headed to the stairs. 
She heard her parents talking to each other. 
“Ethan came to drop her off, then left,” Her mother told her father. 
“Why didn’t he come to our house?” 
“He said he has work. Allison said so.” 
“Yeah. He always kept himself busy with work. It’s Allison’s luck that she is getting training from a head Alpha.” 
“You are right, Glen.” 
Allison entered her room and went to change her clothes. 
She did not want to think anything about anyone; she just wanted to close her eyes and forget whatever was happening around her. 
She was bewildered about her condition. Her wolf was confusing her 
the most. 
She knew what that witch said could not be accurate. Because Ethan had already rejected her, which was why her wolf became like this. 
However, she told her that her wolf needed Ethan. That could be the 
case. 
She decided to stay close to Ethan until she got her wolf back. After that, she would stay away from him as much as she could. 
The next few days passed like an office schedule for Allison. 
She began her day by going to school first thing in the morning and then starting her training schedule at about noon. She needed to continue her studies once she got back to her house. It rendered her life monotonous and dull. 
It was time for a class and she was headed there. 
It was a combined class with seniors. She walked inside the 
classroom and found a seat in the very back of the room. 
When she looked out the window, she noticed a group of girls jumping and spinning about something. As she considered the various possible outcomes, a scowl formed on her face. 
She moved her gaze from outside when she felt someone seated 
beside her. 
She was surprised when she saw that it was Ryan. 
They did not talk to each other for a while. 
Allison had the impression that he was trying to avoid her in recent days. It was good for her to do so. Because she felt the same way about him, too. 
Allison averted her gaze away from him. At that moment, Ethan and his friends came into the classroom together. 
His eyes looked about for a seat and eventually settled on hers. He moved his eyes to the side of her and grimaced as he did so. 
Allison and Ethan started to get along with each other. She had a feeling that Ethan was making an effort to win her forgiveness. After that night, he began conducting with her as a trainer. On the other hand, she had the sense that he was changing his behavior around her. He was no longer the same cold-hearted Ethan who had always neglected her. 
Ethan and his friends moved to the seats in the far back of the class, which were a few distances away from Allison and Ryan’s seats. 
Allison pulled out her notepad and began writing in it since she was bored and had nothing else to do. It was the final session of the class. Therefore, she decided that instead of going to today’s training, she would return home earlier than usual. She might be absent for one day. There would be no issue with that at all. 
She was aware that Ryan was looking at her. It made her feel weird. She had Teresa on her mind constantly. Because her schedule did not align with that of this class, Allison was forced to sit through the entirety of it by herself. 
After entering the room, the professor immediately began with the 
lesson. 
Allison observed that the professor kept glancing over to check on her and Ryan several times. 
She did a quick turn of her head and gazed at Ryan. He was looking at her very intently. She turned her head away and then asked, 
“Do you want to say something?” 
Ryan did not respond to her question. She drew a deep breath in and squeezed the pen in her palm as she closed her eyes. 
“Stop gazing at me. The professor is taking notice of you. 
She thought he would not answer her. But he replied in a single word. 
“So?” 
Η 
Allison was able to pick up on the deep gloom in his voice. Even 
though they had not spoken to each other in three or four days, she felt they had not had any conversation for a long time. 
She looked at him and asked, 
“It’s my first year; I have to study hard, so stop creating trouble for me. 
Hearing that, a smirk formed on his lips. 
“Maybe you don’t know that. People used to call me a troublemaker in my last place.” 
She gave him an angry look. Her gaze shifted over behind him. Ethan was staring at her. 
She uttered a snarling hiss as she jerked her head to look out the 
window. 
‘These two brothers! I don’t want to grab any of their attention.’ She 
said to herself. 
“I want to talk to you,” Ryan said. 
“But I don’t.” She replied immediately. Her eyes were on her book. 
She was stunned when she felt Ryan coming closer to her right ear. She felt as though her heart was beginning to race as this near 
movement continued. 
“What do you think about detention?” 
When she moved her head, her nose accidentally brushed across his; she had almost forgotten how close his face was. 
“Don’t you dar-” 
The warning she was giving was cut off by the booming voice of their professor. 
“Both Ryan Iverson and Allison Clark 
DETENTION.” 
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37
When Allison heard the professor, her eyes immediately widened. 
Ryan moved away from her. He relaxed his posture and leaned back in his seat while grinning broadly. 
Everyone turned their attention to them. Allison was embarrassed about what they were thinking of them. A few of them started 
muttering among themselves about them. 
She was mad at Ryan more than anything. She had never gotten any detention before. Usually, professors cut marks if any student 
disturbed in their classes. But detention was like a lock up for 
criminals in schools. 
She tightened her fists and sat frozen in her seat. As soon as the teacher announced that the class was over, she was the first person 
to leave the room. 
She talked to Teresa and gave her a hug. “What the heck happened 
“That Ryan Iversen…” She mumbled in an irate manner. 
Teresa wore a frown. “Ryan? What sort of thing has he been up to this 
time?” 
Allison tried to remain cool as she exhaled through her mouth and 
blew out her breath. 
“Because of him, I got detention.” 
“What?” 
“Yeah. That boy is killing me. I did not want to talk to him, so he decided to take me to detention.” 
“How? Why?” 
“I don’t know. I just don’t want to see him. He told me so many things. that night. He even talked about my ranks to her parents. Now what will he say to me? Again mock me for the rejection? I don’t want to 
talk.” 
“Allison, calm down. Why are you so affected by him? Just relax. Go to the detention and sit down for a while. If he wants to say. something, don’t listen to him. And it’s a detention. The professor would be right in front of you. So Ryan can not talk to you.” 
Allison thought about it. “You are right. I should not think too much.” 
“Yeah. Go now. Do you want me to wait for you?” 
“No, Teresa. I will go back by myself. You just got better from a fever. Go home and take a rest.'” 
Teresa nodded and stroked her head. “Relax.” 
Allison headed to the class. Students were leaving the school. 
When she noticed Ryan standing while leaning against a wall, her steps halted. Then she paid him no attention as she made her into the classroom. 
But he gripped her wrist. 
“Take your hand off of me.” 
She tried to break free her hand. However, the grip only tightened. 
“If you want, I can cancel the detention, but you need to come with 
me.” 
“Let go of my hand. I don’t want to go anywhere with you.” 
He pulled her closer. “Do you know what? No one had ever said no to me before. So I don’t know how to deal with you right now.” 
She was stunned by his moves and his words. 
“What are you saying?” 
He ignored her question and opened the door of the classroom, still grabbing her wrist. 
The professor looked at them. “You two came?” 
“I can’t take the detention, and neither can she. So cut it off for today.” 
The professor stood up. He glared at him. “You can’t leave without 
detention.” 
Allison gulped when she saw how angry the professor was. She was about to tell him that she would take that detention alone. 
But before her, Ryan spoke out, 
“Call Alpha Neil and tell him that his son ran away from his punishment with a girl.” He gave a wink to the professor and then dragged Allison out of the classroom. 
Allison saw the professor’s jaw drop upon hearing him. She looke Ryan when he was dragging her outside. 
‘How can he get what he wants every time? How cunning is he?’ 
He stopped in front of his car. He opened the car door, but it was shut by another hand. 
“Where are you taking her?” 
After the detention, Ethan was waiting for Allison to come out, but he spotted Ryan pulling her out instead. So he came and stopped him. 
Ryan and Allison turned to Ethan. 
“Why are you still here?” Ryan asked Ethan. 
“I asked, where are you taking her?” Ethan questioned him again as he glanced at Allison.. 
Allison could not proceed with anything. However, she thought about hearing Ryan first. If he wanted to say something, she would listen to him. What if it was something important? 
Ryan did not reply to his question and said, 
“Wait, let me guess. You had been hanging around waiting for your trainee to show up. But sadly, she is unable to make it to the training session today.” 
Allison raised her brows and looked at him. Ethan glared at him. “She is coming with me.” 
“You wish.” Ryan said and opened the door again. 
Ethan grabbed Allison’s other wrist and said to her, 
“Allison, come with me.” 
Allison was shocked by them. They both held her hands and wanted her to go with them. 
She looked at Ethan and then at Ryan. 
Ryan’s eyes were on her other hand, which was grabbed by Ethan. His gaze moved from her hands and fixed on her eyes. 
“I am going with him.” Allison let out a sigh while looking at Ryan. 
Ryan’s eyes turned cold when he heard her. His grip loosened. 
Allison turned to Ethan. “I am going with him, Ethan.” 
Ethan was taken aback. “Allison, he is not a good company for you.” 
Allison nodded her head. “I know. But I need to talk to him. So I can’t come for training today.” 
Ethan glared at Ryan and nodded at Allison. He let go of her hand. 
Allison sat in the car, and Ryan got in too. He turned the key in the ignition and drove off. 
A stabbing pain arose in Ethan’s chest and he grimaced in discomfort. He was hesitant to let go of her hand and expressed a desire to bring her along with him. He did not believe Ryan. Even though he did not want her to go with him, she insisted on going 
nonetheless. 
Meanwhile, Allison was looking at the road. The whole ride was silent. Ryan did not let out a single word after starting the car. 
She did not know where he was taking her. However, she was thinking a lot about it. Why was she not worried? Was she trusting him that much? 
Suddenly, the incident on the rooftop came to her mind. She tried to clear her mind by closing her eyes and shaking her head. She should not think about those things ever again. 
At that moment, she heard Ryan’s voice, “I am sorry, baby.” 
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38
Allison turned her head slowly toward him and asked, 
“W-What?” 
“I said, ‘I am sorry”.” 
“Why did you call me ‘baby’ again?” 
He narrowed his eyes. “You only heard that?” 
“How many times have I told you not to call me that?” 
“I can’t stop myself. It’s a habitual fact now. And you should make a -habit of hearing that also.” 
“Are you crazy?” 
“Yes, I am.” 
“Then you should go to a mental hospital.” 
“Oh, baby. I was admitted there before I came back to this pack.” 
Her eyes widened. “WHAT?” 
He glanced at her and chuckled. “Silly girl. I was kidding.” 
Allison rolled her eyes and turned to the window. 
“I am not talking to you.” 
“I am sorry, Allison.” 
“Sorry for what? For how you talked to me that night? Or for how you belittled me in front of Alpha and Luna?” 
He stopped the car, and she frowned. “Why did you stop the car?” 
He turned to her and replied, 
“We reached where I wanted to take you.” 
She turned her head outside. 
“Forest?” 
“Hmm. Let’s go.” 
He got out of the car and came to her door. He opened the door for her. She got out and asked, 
“Why did you take me here? My house is beside the forest. I can go there if I want to go for a run.” 
He grabbed her hand and started to walk. She looked at his hand that 
gripping her and then glanced at him. 
was 
Why did he treat her as though he was really close to her? As though he had a claim on her. He called her nicknames and grabbed her hands without her consent. 
Allison’s gaze was drawn to the trees; it was a large and dense forest that stretched across the entire pack. 
In other packs, the forest was not close to the pack members’ houses. So they needed to go far to go for a run. 
However, the Moonlight Crown pack was unique. Its forest was close to its pack member’s homes. They did not have to travel very far. 
Allison last visited the forest when Ethan rejected her. This forest brought back all of her bad memories. 
When Ryan stopped walking, her steps came to a rest. She realized they had been walking for quite some time. 
“This is the place,” he murmured as he moved away from her sight. Allison took a look at what he was saying. 
When she spotted a beautiful lake in front of her, her eyes froze. 
“Wonderful!” 
Ryan let go of her hand, and she took a step forward after he did so. She lowered herself to the ground in a kneeling position and looked at the lake. 
This place was spotless and bright. The sunlight, which was blocked from entering the forest by the magnitude of the trees, was reflecting off of the waters of the lake. 
“Beautiful!” She grinned and whispered her response. 
Ryan was observing the look on her face from behind her. His gaze traveled her face back and forth. 
He went to her and sat down. “Sit properly. No one will come here.” 
She turned to him and sat down beside him. “What do you mean no one will come?” 
Ryan gazed at the lake and replied, 
“This is my safe place.” 
“But not your secret place.” 
“Yeah, but. No one is allowed to roam around here. This is where I call home. I don’t allow anyone to come here. If they do, they have to face me.” 
Allison saw an unknown emotion in his eyes. She sighed and asked, 
“Then why did you bring me here? You said no one is allowed, right?” 
“Because I am allowing you.” 
“What?” 
He turned a little so that he could see her face clearly. 
“You are welcome to visit at any time. There will be no one to bother you. In fact, the nighttime view is much more breathtaking. It is possible to observe a reflection of the moon in the lake. It leaves a sense of satisfaction.” 
“Oh.” 
She paused before falling into silence and looking around. It came back to her that she had been upset with him. But now she was chatting with him in a casual way. She should not have dealt with him in such a cool and calm manner. She ought not forget that he was the one who humiliated her. 
“I wanted to talk to you.” He broke the silence. 
During the time that she was listening to him, she remained quiet. 
“Look, Allison. I admitted that what I had said was wrong. I was impolite to you that night. I am very sorry.” 
She did not reply to him and instead fixated her gaze on the lake. 
“Look at me.” 
He moved closer to her face. She gave him an angry look. 
“What?” 
“So, you let me off the hook, right?” 
“No, I didn’t.” She said and turned her head to another side. 
“Aww, my baby is so angry that she doesn’t even want to look at me.” 
She turned to him and glared. “Again?” 
He lifted his hand. “Okay, I will not call you ‘Baby’. Tell me you forgave 
me.” 
She felt defeated by this childish man. Why was he acting so calm 
now? He did not look good that night. He always turned into someone else every time he got angry. 
“Hmm” she replied, turning back to the lake. 
She shifted her position to get there and then began untying the stripes on her shoes. 
Her legs finally made contact with the water. The water in the lake. was of a comfortable temperature. When she finally felt some warmth despite the chilly weather, a smile broke out on her face. 
“Are you enjoying your time here?” She heard Ryan. 
“Yeah.” 
“I knew you would like the place.” He said with a confident tone. 
She turned her head to look at him and noticed that he was flexing his back muscles while squeezing his hands together. 
She suddenly recalled something, and as she did so, her gaze drifted away from him. 
She remembered that evening when she saw a lipstick mark on his shirt. She wanted to ask if he had again started to hang out with girls. 
“I was wondering if you had any questions for me.” As he observed her facial expression, he inquired. 
“Do you still hang out with girls? I mean, I know you do. Why am I even asking?” She shook her head as if she had asked a silly question. 
“No.” He replied without taking any time. 
She looked at him immediately. “No?” 
“Most women fall over me and want to go out with me. But now I push them away since someone told me to wait for my mate.” 
She was the one who told him that. She smiled at him, hearing that, 
? ’ ?   ’ 
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39
His question completely caught her off guard. 
“Help?” 
A nod of the head was given. “Yeah, help.” 
“What can I do to help you?” 
After a brief moment of thinking, he shook his head in disagreement.” Forget it. I was merely requesting for nothing.” 
She tried her best to make sense of the facts by blinking a few times. 
She gave a thought about how he was living his life. Even with his own parents, he did not even converse with them appropriately. 
“Let’s be friends.” She let out. 
It appeared from the expression on his face that he was disapproving of her suggestion. 
“Friends?” 
“Hmm, friends.” She made a gesture with her hand toward him. 
He gave her hand a sideways glance and then chuckled. 
“I don’t make girls my friends. Because in the end, they chose to be with me.” His eyes seemed to be gleaming with amusement. 
Allison withdrew her hand and turned her gaze away from him as she did so. 
“You are a narcissistic man.” 
“I always tell the truth. The truth can be quite sour. Therefore, nobody wants to agree to it.” 
Allison drew her legs up from the water and pulled them against her 
chést to let them dry in the sunlight. 
“What gave you such a fit of rage that night?” She asked. 
“Not a whole lot. A girl was making me mad that night. Because of 
my fury, I shouted a lot of hurtful things to her, who was already feeling bad.” 
She gave him her gaze. “I’m the one you are talking about.” 
“Oh yes.” 
“Then why are you trying to make a big deal out of it?” 
“Oh, baby. You are very unromantic!” 
“Again?” She twisted her head to his side. 
“Well, I told you that I wouldn’t call you that. However, I did not mention for how long.” 
Allison was aware that wasting time in conversation with him w futile endeavor. She stood on her own. “I have to go back home.” 
After lacing up her shoes, she started walking. 
In addition to that, he got up and started pacing alongside her. 
“By the way, why do you feel the need for Ethan’s training?” 
She came to a halt and cast a peek in his face. “I am not interested in his training. It was my father’s wish. He wanted that. I could not deny 
him.” 
Once more, she started walking. 
“If you’d like, I can train you as well.” 
She appeared to be in shock. 
He wanted to train her? He was out of the pack for so many years. He did not join any wars with his father. He could not get any training from the Gamma. His father always taunted him about these types of things. 
Allison wondered if he really knew how to fight like an Alpha. 
But did Ryan just compare himself with Ethan? 
Ethan was a powerful Alpha whom everyone from other packs was afraid of in the battle ground. On the other hand, he was a normal Alpha without any skills. He was clearly not as powerful as Ethan. 
“As I have already stated, I have no interest in receiving training. That was not what I wanted at all. That was something that was desired by my father. Additionally, I need Ethan to stay close to me.” 
His delighted face turned grim. “You need him for what?” 
“I can’t tell you about it. It’s something personal.” 
“Personal?” He muttered the word as a question. 
“I hope you will not ask anything about him again. It’s my matter. I want to fix it on my own.” 
He averted his gaze away from her and nodded. “I’ve got it. I won’t ask you anything again.” 
“Thanks, Ryan. You really were of great help to me. I apologize that I was unable to express my gratitude to you. You inspired me to move on. It actually was effective.” 
“Yeah, I can see how effective it was.” After muttering that, he went on his way. 
She went after him and they had no further communication. 
They came out of the forest and got into his car. He turned the engine 
1. 
His behavior boggled her mind. At one point, he was being playful, but at a later point, he appeared to be in a bad mood. 
‘Does he have some kind of mood disorder?’ She thought. 
In front of her house, the car came to a stop. 
“Would you like to come inside?” She asked. 
“No.” 
“Okay. Thank you for bringing me to your place.” 
He turned his head to face her and said, “That’s your place too. You are welcome to visit there at any moment.” 
She gave him a small smile and a nod. She did not know when she would go there, but it was possible that she would go there when she got her wolf back. 
She stepped out of the car and waved her hand at him as she walked towards her house. He waved at her back and then started the car to drive away. 
She made a move towards her house door but hesitated on the way. Her father was standing there. 
“Dad?” 
“Allison, where were you?” 
“I was outside.” 
“Yes, I can also see that. However, that was your training time.” 
Allison scratched her head and smiled at him in an odd manner before continuing. 
“D-Dad, I was not feeling well. So I-” 
“If you weren’t feeling well, you really ought to have stayed at home. and rested. What were you doing with Ryan?” 
“He is just a friend, Dad,” She replied. She said that so that he would not misunderstand what she was trying to convey. 
“Friend?” 
“Yeah.” 
Her mother emerged from the kitchen. “Glen, don’t scold her.” 
“Scold? I was merely asking her questions.” 
He turned to Allison, “It is not okay for the two of you to be friends, Allison. You can not be friends with Ryan. I have told you before. And you said you would take care of it.” 
Allison shook her head to her father. “Dad, he is not that bad.” 
“You are a young girl. You don’t know about boys’ mentality. Ryan is not a good person.” 
“Dad, he is turning into a good person. He was alone so he did not 
know what to do. He was lost.” 
“Are you saying that you are going to take responsibility for him now?” 
The sarcastic tone that her father used shocked her. That was an entirely new way for him to interact with her. 
“Dad, let me explain; I was just…” 
Her father let out a sigh before walking over to her. He caressed her hair. “I am so sorry, my princess. I talked rudely to you. However, I am concerned about you.” 
She smiled and gave her dad a hug before nodding. “I know.” 
In the middle of the hug, her mother joined them. They did not bring 
up Ryan in conversation again. 
After that, Allison proceeded to go to her room. 
She closed her eyes as she lay down on her bed. She did not want to debate with anybody on behalf of anybody. 
That lake and Ryan’s words roam into her head simultaneously. 
“Will you help me to become a better person?” 
His words never left her mind. 
She thought about how he rejected her friendship with her. 
Then how did he ask her to help him? How would have she helped him? Did he think she was one of those girls who was head over heels for him? 
All of a sudden, 
she opened her eyes and touched her heart. She sat up. Her mouth opened wide. She mumbled in a shocking tone. 
“M-My wolf! My wolf is back!” 
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40
She could feel her wolf inside. Her expression suddenly lit up with a radiant grin. 
“I just can’t believe it.” 
She looked through her bag, trying to get her phone. She pulled out 
her mobile phone and dialed Linus’s number. 
The phone rang three times before he received it. 
“Linus” 
She exclaimed and stood up with excitement. 
“What happened? Are you okay?” 
“Linus, I can feel her inside. I think my wolf is back.” 
“Really? It is good news. Try to shift or let your wolf take over.” 
“Okay, I am trying.” 
She tried to let her wolf take over. But nothing was happening. 
“L-Linus..” 
“What took place?” 
“I can’t.” She heaved a sigh of disappointment and plopped down on 
the bed in defeat. 
“Allison, please don’t lose hope. Your wolf is progressing. It’s still good news. You should be happy that you can feel her. She will be back soon.” 
“Yes, you are right. I should not feel dissatisfied.” 
After finishing her conversation with Linus, she hung up the phone 
and went to the bathroom to take a shower. 
The next day, she went to school. As usual, she told everything to Teresa. 
“I am very confused. My perception of Ryan is changing now. I heard he stopped messing with girls.” Teresa said. 
Allison remembered that Ryan also told her that. So that means he was telling her the truth. 
“Ethan is also regretting his decision. So maybe he will start to like you?” 
Allison snapped out of her thoughts and furrowed her brow. “Like me? 
Teresa gave a slight nod of her head and then motioned for her to look elsewhere. She flicked her eyes over in that direction, and her gaze landed directly on Ethan. 
Even though he was conversing with the other people at his table, he could not take his eyes off of her. 
Allison looked away from him and shook her head. “You 
misunderstand him. Maybe he is feeling guilty. But liking me is something he can’t afford. He is the head Alpha. What I have learned about him in a few days is that he thinks about his pack before him, which is great for the others in his pack but terrible for me because he has rejected me. 
Teresa kept a close eye on her best friend and asked, “I want to ask you a question. May I?” 
“Do you even need to ask my permission?” 
It seemed as though Teresa was debating whether or not she should pose the question. Allison patted her back. 
“Ask me anything. No worries.” 
“Have you forgiven Ethan for what he did?” 
The question astounded Allison. She herself did not know the answer. 
“It’s just been a week since he asked for forgiveness. But what he did. to my wolf is something I can’t ever forget. However, when I get my wolf back, I will think about it. His life will be separated from mine. I will not ruin my future by thinking about this rejection. So I will try to forgive him and free myself from this tragedy.” 
Teresa held her hand. “Your thoughts are great. Only if you forgive him and let go of your mind can you free yourself. You will be happy in the future without any worry.” 
Allison smiled at her. Her eyes fell behind Teresa. She caught a glimpse of Ryan. He was talking with a girl. The girl was trying to explain something, but he backed away as if he did not care. 
“Girls always surround him. Who knows how long he can stay away from them? 
When he entered our school, girls thought he was a playboy with a flirty attitude, but they were wrong. He is a cold man. I even heard that he is too rough when he fu-” 
Allison pressed her hand over Teresa’s mouth. 
“What the hell!” Allison yelled in whispers. 
Teresa gave her a look at what had happened. Allison shook her head. “I don’t want to hear these types of things.” 
Teresa removed her hand from her mouth and chuckled. “You almost 
kissed him, so I thought I should let you know first.” She winked at Allison. 
Allison hit her arm. Teresa cracked up. 
“Okay, I was just kidding. But what I told you about him was true though.” 
“I don’t care. I saw how disappointed his father was every time he talked to him. I saw his mother’s pain in her eyes. He always behaves like a spoiled brat.” 
“So what do you want to suggest?” 
“I told him to wait for his mate. He accepted my advice.” 
Teresa frowned. “Do you really think a playboy like him can take advices? I mean, don’t you think something is fishy? How can he change himself for someone he doesn’t even know exists? Like no one. When will his mate come? Until then, will he bury his desire like this?” 
Allison wanted to think about it like Teresa. But she thought, why would she overthink? 
“Who cares? I just wanted him to be a good boy. I hope he really gets it in his heart and becomes a better person.” 
“Will see.” 
“Yeah.” 
“What about you?” 
“Me?” 
“What do you think about him?” 
She was wondering what her thoughts were on Ryan. A good friend? However, he did not agree to become her friend. 
“He is just a family friend. Nothing more. He helped me with his motivation. I feel a sense of gratitude. Aside from that, I can’t think of anything else.” 
Teresa nodded her head as if she were thinking something. 
After all the classes, Allison returned to her home. Tomorrow was the weekend, so she thought about going to the training the day after 
tomorrow. 
People could call her lazy, but she did not want to face Ethan every day, even though it was good for her wolf. 
When it was eight o’clock in the evening, Allison was scrolling her social media timeline while lying on her bed. She was alone in her house. Her parents went to a pack party at 6. She was feeling bored alone. 
RING! 
Her phone started to vibrate with a ringtone. 
It was from an unknown number. She received the call. 
“Hello?” 
“You still haven’t saved my phone number, right?” 
She got on her feet and questioned, 
“Ryan?” 
“What were you doing? Feeling bored?” 
Allison put away her phone and looked around her room. 
‘Did he set any cameras in my room? But he had never come to my home before.’ She thought. 
He hummed when she became silent. 
“Why did you call me?” She inquired. 
He replied with a chuckle, 
“I am standing at your main door.” 
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41
“You what?” She asked with a confused tone. 
“At your main door?” He replied more like he asked a question. 
She cut the call and went downstairs. She headed to the main door 
and opened it. 
He had on a black shirt, a black leather jacket, and black jeans all matching each other perfectly. He had a hot appearance. She looked away from him and confronted him with the question, “Why are you here?” 
“Do you speak to your guests in such a manner?” 
“Oh, no.” She shook her head. 
He rolled his eyes and walked past her, entering her house. 
She glanced at his hand. There was a paper bag with the shop’s branding on it. 
He looked around the house and sat on the couch. “Not bad.” 
She stared at him. How could he welcome himself into someone 
else’s home? 
He turned his head towards her and patted the seat next to him. “Feel free to sit.” 
“Yeah, of course I will sit. It’s my home.” 
He smirked at her. “I like it when you act sassy with me.” 
His words were going over her head. She sighed and asked, 
“What would you like to have? Tea or coffee?” 
175 
“You.” He muttered; however, she heard him clearly. 
“What?” 
“You are going out with me. 
“When did I say that?” 
“You didn’t say, but I came to take you. And no, I don’t want to drink anything right now.” 
Allison was perplexed. She sat down on the opposite couch, which was far from him, and asked, 
“What did you mean?” 
Ryan stood up and walked to her. He handed the bag to her and explained, 
“One of my close friends’ birthdays is today. I need a date. So let’s go with me.” 
She had a fixed glare for him. It was clear to him that she did not agree with him. 
“Why in the world would I go with you?” She inquired. 
“Because you should go to parties more often. You should enjoy nightlife too.” 
“No, thank you.” She replied with a fake smile. 
“Baby, please. I need a partner. He told me that I can not enter alone. and I need a girl as a partner.” 
“Baby my foot. Go with your girls.” 
“What girls? You told me to stop everything. Now who will go out with me?” He raised a question. 
“Oh, hello? I did not intend to imply that I would attend every party 
with you if you stopped flirting with women. It for your good, not 
mine.” 
“So you will not go with me?” 
“My parents will come anytime soon. I can’t, Ryan.” She refused him. 
“The pack party will run the whole night. My parents are also there. And you know when the four meet, what happens.” 
If what Ryan was telling her was true, then her parents would really come late at night. 
However, Allison folded her arms and asked, 
“Give me one reason to go there.” 
He smirked as if his reason was ready and he was just willing to place it in front of her. 
“Your lovely best friend is also going there.” 
“What? Teresa is also going there? She did not tell me anything about this party.” 
“Max went to convince her. She will come, for sure. But why would she tell you? You are not a party person.” 
“As you say, I am not a party person. I should not go there.” 
“Max will be with her.” 
“She knows her own good.” 
Ryan exhaled while looking at her. “If you don’t go with me, I will stay here the whole night. Then your father will come, and we will create a 
beautiful drama. Do you want that?” 
“Are you blackmailing me?” 
“Of course I am. 
The focus of Allison’s attention was entirely on him. She was unable to do anything. He was in control of this situation. If her father were to come here and see him, he would be very angry. 
She snatched the bag from him and headed upstairs. 
When she came to her room, she took out the dress. She gasped when she saw it. 
It was a beautiful black velvet knee length dress. 
She did not waste time watching and got ready in twenty minutes. She put on a smokey makeup that suited the black dress. 
She wore a black boots and grabbed a black purse. 
When she went downstairs, Ryan was typing on his phone. He might have told his friends that he was coming there soon. 
“Let’s go.” She let out. 
Ryan turned his head, and his eyes paused at her. 
She gulped at the way he looked at her. It made her feel someho shy. She lowered her eyes to the floor. 
He slowly stood and headed to the main door. 
“Let’s go.” He repeated her words. 
She stared at his back. He did not even say anything. It was not like she wanted his compliment. But the dress was given by him. So he should have said something. 
‘Am I not looking okay?’ She asked herself and walked behind him. 
She started to feel self-conscious. 
He closed the door and locked it. Her parents had the keys to their 
house too. 
She thought to call her parents in the car, otherwise, they would worry about her if they returned home and saw an empty house. 
Ryan stood beside his car and opened the door for her. 
She sat in the passenger seat, and he came to the driver’s seat. 
However, he did not start the car. As if he were thinking something, he tapped his index finger on the steering wheel. 
She put her house keys in her purse and turned to him. 
Her eyes fell on his side profile. She was incapable of denying the 
fact that Ryan was, in fact, a really handsome man. 
In addition to that, the odor of his cologne permeated the entire car. 
She sniffed a little. The scent was calming and comforting. 
She waited for him to either start the car or speak. 
Unexpectedly, he turned his head and gazed in her direction. 
“You look absolutely stunning in this dress. When I was picking out this dress, I did not expect that it would fit you quite so well.” 
“Oh.” She nodded and thanked him. 
He extended his hand, which puzzled her, but then she heard him say, “Will you be my date tonight?” 
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42
“Date?” 
Allison furrowed her brow as she continued to look at his hand. 
“Yeah. We are going together as partners, so…” Ryan muttered. 
Allison let out a chuckle before placing her hand on top of his. 
“Okay, for tonight.” 
He gave her a friendly grin while gently taking her hand. After that, he released his grip on her hand and started his car. 
Allison’s gaze was fixed on him, and she asked, “By the way, where is the party?” 
“Same club.” 
“The club we first met?” 
“That is not where we had our first encounter. Before then, we had already met.” 
Allison acknowledged him with a nod. “I know. I mean, we did not know you became like this.” 
“Like what? Hot and handsome?” 
“Aishh! This man!” She murmured. He chuckled when he heard her. 
Allison looked out the window and thought about her parents. She needed to inform them about her outings. Otherwise, they would get worried for her when they went back home. 
She opened her phone’s lock screen and felt a gaze. 
“Focus on the road, not on my phone.” She told him while dialing her 
father’s number. 
“I have caught your password.” 
She laughed. “It’s not like I have some secret on my phone and you will see it.” 
Hearing her, Ryan laughed. 
Allison’s father received her call. 
“Allison” 
“Dad, I am going to a birthday party. I will be back safely.” 
“Party? But you didn’t say anything when we were at home.” 
“My friend just called me and invited me, so I have to go.” 
“Okay, come back safely. 
“Okay, Dad. Bye.” 
“Bye, my princess.” 
Allison felt relieved that her father was okay with her going out at night. 
“So you are Dad’s princess.” 
She heard him. “Were you eavesdropping on my conversation?” 
“No, but your father’s voice reached my ears. What can I do with it?” 
Allison did not say anything. She did not want to argue with him now. So the ride became silent. 
The car reached the club. 
She was the one who got out of the car first. Ryan came out and threw the key to the guard, who would help him to park his car. 
“Let’s go.” 
Ryan said and grabbed her hand. The men who were standing outside looked at them and without asking any questions, they were allowed to enter the club. 
When Allison turned around, she saw that the men had stopped a number of the girls because they appeared to be underage. 
“Hey! It’s good that I am eighteen. But why didn’t they ask to see my identification for the check like the way they are doing with them?” She asked Ryan. 
Ryan narrowed his eyes. “Why would they? You came here with me. They would never ask for any checking.” 
“Why?” 
“I am their regular customer. You heard about me at the table that day in the pack house. I am a party person.” 
Allison raised her brows and wondered if he always came here with girls. 
Allison looked around and saw that everyone was busy drinking or dancing. 
“RYAN” 
Allison saw a boy shout Ryan’s name and come towards them. With 
the boy, there was a girl beside him. 
Ryan let go of her and hugged the boy. 
“Happy Birthday, Owen.” 
“Thanks man. I am overjoyed that you have come.” 
“Hi, Ryan.” The girl said as her eyes scanned Ryan from head to toe. It 
did not go unnoticed by Allison. 
1376 
Ryan gave the girl a nod and turned to Allison. 
“She is Allison.” Ryan introduced her to his friend. 
“Who is she? Your girlfriend?” The girl asked curiously. 
Allison shook her head immediately. “No, I am n-” 
“More than that.” Ryan replied. Then he reached out and gripped her waist. 
Allison tilted her head in his direction and gazed into his eyes as she faced him. 
Ryan whispered in her ear, “Play along with me. You can see how she is looking at me. She will devour me if you don’t agree.” 
Allison glanced at the girl and then at Ryan. She kept quiet. Her eyes fell on his hand, which was holding her waist. She got mad at him. She waited some time to scold him for it. 
Owen laughed and said to the girl, 
“Liana, you can go and enjoy yourself there.” 
The young lady gave a hostile expression as she surveyed Ryan and Allison before moving to the opposite side of the area. 
“Don’t mind her.” Owen let out to Allison. 
She yanked Ryan’s hand away from her waist and stated, “I am not anything that he has just said. I just came with him on your birthday.” 
“I know. I heard about you from him. 
She creased her brows thoughtfully. “About me?” 
“Yeah.” 
She glanced at Ryan, who stared at her with an indifferent face as if 
he did not like what she had just said to his friend. 
“Happy Birthday, Owen.” Allison ignored Ryan and smiled at Owen. 
Ryan walked past her and headed to the bar side. 
Allison looked at him and said to Owen, “Excuse me.” 
She went behind him. She sat on a tool beside him where he was sitting. 
“Why did you come from there like that?” 
He ordered a drink from the bartender. He did not reply to her. 
“I am asking you. You brought me here, and now you have left me over there by myself.” 
He grabbed his drink and sipped it. She took a deep breath and glared at him. “I am talking to you, Ryan.” 
He faced her and raised an eyebrow in her direction. “Do you think that I behave with everyone the same way that I behave with you?” 
“What?” 
“Why did you say that to Owen? Did I tell him that you are my girlfriend? What did you try to prove? That I am some piece of shit and you don’t want to be with me?” 
She was taken aback. “Hey! What’s happened to you? When did I say that? I was just clearing up the facts. Because I don’t want anyone to misunderstand us.” 
“Misunderstand? Yeah.” He muttered and sipped on his drink again. 
“Please don’t point the finger at me. Right now, I should be the one who is able to feel angry. Why did you hold my waist that time? You ought not to have acted in that manner.” 
He heard her and remained silent for some time then said, “Okay, I’m 
sorry. I’m not going to touch you ever again.” 
Allison gave a slight nod and then shifted her attention to the dance floor. She was silently watching everyone. She did not say anything to Ryan to drag out the conversation. 
. 
She gave him a sidelong glance before murmuring, “You got mad very easily.” 
She thought that because the music was so loud, he would not be able to hear her whispering to him. 
However, he replied to her, 
“You are becoming the reason for my aggression.” 
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43
“What do you mean?” Allison asked with confusion. 
“Nothing.” He responded. 
He looked at the bartender. “Give her a glass of orange juice.” 
“No, I like apple juice.” She corrected him. 
He nodded his head. “Note it.” 
“What?” 
“Nothing.” He said that again and glanced at the bartender. “You heard her.” 
“Yes, Sir.” 
“With no alcohol.” He reminded him. 
“Got it, sir.” 
Allison stared at Ryan. His eyes caught hers. “What?” 
“I can’t understand you.” 
“No one could.” 
She rolled her eyes and tried to find her best friend in the crowd. 
“You said that Teresa is coming here. Now where is she?” 
“How would I know?” 
“What do you mean? Where is your friend Max?” 
He shifted his eyes everywhere. Then he lifted his hand and waved at 
someone. 
She saw Max coming towards them, “I was looking for you.” Max said 
to Ryan and smiled at Allison. 
“Where is Teresa?” She asked Max. 
“She did not come with me.” 
“What? Why?” 
Max looked upset. He replied with a disturbed tone, “I don’t know what’s on her mind. She said she could not go anywhere with me until her birthday.” 
Allison sighed. She thought Teresa would come, so she agreed to come to this party. But now she would have to feel bored here. 
“It looks like you suggested the same thing to your best friend too.” 
She heard Ryan. She turned to him. He stood up and said, “I am coming in a few minutes.” 
“Where are you going?” 
Max replied to her on behalf of Ryan “He will be back. We have something urgent to talk about.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
She saw Ryan go to another side. Many boys were there waiting for him. Then Ryan walked to the stairs and went upstairs. 
She could see him standing on the side and talking with a few men. She frowned at the thought of those men. 
‘Who are they?’ 
She sat there for a while and asked for another drink. She fell a few 
gazes on her. She glanced around and saw a few boys staring at her. They did not have good intentions. She could guess their intentions with their eyes. 
“Allison?” 
She saw Ethan with his friend Wade. He came to stand beside her. 
Ethan, Hi.” 
“Hi. What are you doing here alone?” He asked as his eyes moved to 
her clothes. 
She somehow lowered her eyes, and felt embarrassed. This dress was really grabbing the attention of the boys. 
She cleared her throat and asked, “Where is your partner? I heard you can’t enter the party without a partner.” 
“Who can stop our Alpha from entering a party?” Wade asked from beside Ethan. 
Allison felt Wade was right. No one would dare. 
“But we came together since he does not like to show his power.” Wade explained. 
“Together? I thought only a girl could partner with a boy at this party.” 
Ethan frowned, his brows crinkled. “What are you saying? Who tole you this?” 
Allison moved her eyes upstairs to Ryan, who was talking with some boys. 
“This man!” She muttered angrily. How dare he lie to her about it? He 
could have come with Max or any other friend. 
Ethan’s eyes turned to where she was looking. His eyes turned dark. 
“Did you come here with him?” 
She nodded her head. “Yeah.” 
Ethan got mad after listening to her reply. “Allison, what are you doing? You did not come for training yesterday for him, and now you 
are here at this party with him?” 
Allison felt irritated by his question. So?” 
He raised his brows. “See? You are even speaking like him. He is impacting you badly.” 
“Nothing is like that.” 
Wade told Ethan that he was going to talk with someone. He nodded and sat beside Allison, where Ryan was sitting a while ago. 
“Allison” 
“I am listening.” She replied. Her gaze was incessantly drawn to the upper floor. 
She saw a few girls approaching Ryan. He began to talk to them. When one of them started to go closer to him, he pushed her and said something that made her look upset. Then those girls left his side. 
Suddenly, Allison felt a hand caressing her hair. She turned her head to Ethan. He smiled at her. It was a soft and sweet smile. 
“I am sorry if I offend you with my questions.” 
She would have passed out looking at him smiling if he had not rejected her that night. But now, everything has changed. 
She was about to push his hand; however, her eyes fell on Ryan. He was staring at her. 
She rolled her eyes and spun her tool toward the bar. 
‘So now he is looking at me? He does not have any responsibility at all. He left me here alone.’ She thought about it and got angry inside. 
Ethan moved his hand away and said, 
“If you don’t like this place, I can drop you home.” 
But a voice behind her intervened just as she was about to say that 
she wanted to go back. 
“She can’t go anywhere with you.” 
She did not turn, but Ethan did. 
“Ryan, why did you bring her here?” 
Ryan moved toward Allison and replied, 
“She came here with me, so you don’t have to think for her.” 
“You left her and she was here alone. What if someone-” 
“She is not a child.” 
This time, Allison turned to Ryan. Before she could say something, Ryan questioned her, “Didn’t you agree to be my date tonight?” 
“Date for tonight? How dare you even say that?” Ethan stood up from) his tool and proceeded to Ryan. 
Allison did not want them to argue like that night again. So she 
looked at Ethan and confirmed him, “I came with him. He will drop me. Don’t worry.” 
Ethan’s face turned grim. “Does your father know that you came here with him?” 
Allison was taken aback by Ethan’s question. She remembered how angry her father was when he saw Ryan drop her off at home. 
“Oh. So you are trying to be her father now?” Ryan scoffed at Ethan. 
Allison stood up and let out, “Ethan, please. I don’t want you two to fight. I am not a child. I know what’s good for me. So stop telling me what I should do.” 
When Ethan heard her, he immediately felt enraged. He nodded his 
head formally you w 
The gay he just begun you my date catego 
“W What? 
He moved closer to her fans and nikked at her perplexed reaction 
el me teach you how 
head fiercely. Your wish, but I alerted you about it. See you in training.” 
After that, Ethan stormed out of the club in a huff of wrath. 
Allison shifted her attention to Ryan. “Let’s leave now.” 
“The party has just begun. And you are my date. How can I let you go this early?” 
“W-What?” 
He moved closer to her face and smirked at her perplexed reaction. “Let me teach you how to enjoy the nightlife.” 
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44
Allison blinked her eyes a few times as she tried to make sense of what he was saying. 
She felt him gripping her waist. She was dragged after him by his 
“Where are we going?” She asked him. 
s arm. 
Ryan turned his head in her direction as he neared her. “Let’s dance.” 
When they made their way to the dance floor, the music was so loud that it was almost painful for her ears. 
“D-Dance? I had never danced before?” 
Instead of listening to what she had to say, he dragged her to the dance floor. 
“I CAN’T DANCE.” 
She yelled at the top of her lungs in order for him to hear her. People could not be heard because of the extremely loud music and beats that were playing. 
He chuckled at her. “I know how to dance. Don’t worry, baby.” He replied and pulled her towards him. 
Her eyes widened when his one hand grabbed her waist. His other hand held her hand, which he placed on his shoulder. 
He started dancing with her right away. She was unaware of what he was up to at the time. She was entirely unprepared for any of his dancing moves, but he was making her dance because he knew her 
every move. 
The DJ played a song with full beats. The lights were flickering, and smoke could be seen in every direction. She was only able to see 
Ryan through the thick cloud of smoke. 
Suddenly, she started to enjoy dancing. She focused her attention on each step as best she could. She was a quick learner, and as a result, she was able to memorize his movements. 
Ryan spun her around, and her back pressed against his hard chest. 
She felt him move both of his hands to her waist. She felt her heart 
start to beat fast because of his actions. They were very close as 
their bodies pressed against each other. 
His hands moved to hers as he caressed her arms and placed them 
on his neck slowly. 
He rested his head on her neck and turned his mouth to her ear. She 
felt his breath in her ear. She closed her eyes and heard him, 
“I left you for a few minutes, and you started to talk to him? I did not like that.” 
She opened her eyes and turned around to look at him. 
“He was giving me company.” 
“You almost left the club with him.” He said and pulled her to him. This time, her front touched his chest. 
She pressed her hands on his chest. “You are talking like a possessive guy.” 
“Am I? 
“Yeah.” She nodded and moved her hands up slowly, then rested them 
on his neck. 
“What’s your plan, Ryan Iversen?” She wiggled her brows as she inquired. 
He whispered to her, 
“Making you mine.” 
He moved his face back and looked at her reaction. 
Allison stopped moving and was stunned by his words. She stared at him with widened eyes. 
He broke into laughter. Looking at his laugh, she finally let out her breath, which she had been holding for who knows how long inside. 
“Look at your face. I was kidding, baby.” He cracked up. 
She hit his arm and laughed with him. They started to move again. 
After a few minutes, Allison began to jump with the beats. She was sweating while dancing for a long time, but her legs did not want to stop. She felt drunk without drinking any alcohol. 
Now she was getting why Teresa liked clubs and parties. Dancing was not a bad thing, and it was enjoyable too. 
Ryan pulled Allison away from the crowd when he noticed that she was getting tired and that the ache in her legs started to feel painful They came to the bar. She chugged down a glass of ice water and exhaled deeply. While she was dancing, she was experiencing feelings of thirst, but she seemed to feel better now. 
She collected her bag from the bar counter and then pulled out her phone from within. 
When she noticed the time, she was taken aback. 
“11 pm!” 
Her heart began to throb in worry. Her parents might be at home, worrying about her. 
“Don’t worry. They have not departed from their party.” 
She heard Ryan and looked at him. He nodded at her. 
When she opened the lock on her phone, she found a message that had been sent from her mother’s number. 
“Allison, we got stuck in the party. We will come late at night. Don’t wait for us. Check the door and lock it before sleeping.” 
Allison felt she got her life back when she saw the time of the text. 
Only ten minutes ago. 
She exhaled deeply. Her parents might be thinking that she had reached home and was sleeping right now. 
“I want to go back now.” She said to Ryan. 
He nodded at her. “Let’s go.” 
They left the club. They waited for the guard to bring out Ryan’s car while they stood there. 
Allison started walking down the street while Ryan was still standing on the side. From where he was standing, Ryan was observing her. 
The temperature outside was very different from what it was like inside the club. 
Three boys were passing through there at that time. Ryan was a little far from her, so they thought Allison was alone. They came to a stop. and peered at her with eyes brimming with desire. 
“Hey! Darling. Where are you going?” One of them spoke up and made their way towards her. 
Her old incident came to her mind when she understood what they would try to do. In her panic, she took a step backward and almost forgot that she was not alone. 
However, when she stepped back, she bumped into someone. Her frightened mind came to be calmed when she smelled Ryan’s 
cologne. 
She was about to turn but stopped when she felt a black jacket had covered her upper body. It looked like he was wrapping his jacket 
around her arms. 
She was taken aback by it. Her gaze wandered from the jacket to the three young men standing nearby. 
As if they saw a ghost, their eyes widened when they looked at Ryan. They stepped back, and one of them fell to the ground. Three of them ran away as fast as they could. 
She was bewildered by their reactions. She turned to Ryan. He was gazing at the street. 
‘He is not looking dreadful at all, so why did they run like that?’ She thought as her eyes were staring at his face. 
A black car stopped in front of them. The guard came out and handed 
the key to Ryan. 
“Sir” 
He said, bowing to Ryan. Ryan gave him a tip and opened the door for 
Allison, who was still lost in thoughts. 
“Allison” 
She heard her name coming from his mouth and came back to her senses. He did not call her name usually, so it jerked her out of her thoughts. 
She sat in the passenger seat. He came to the driver’s seat and 
started the car. 
She turned to him and asked curiously, 
“Why did they run away like that?” 
His eyes turned dark, which she could not notice because of the dark 
street 
He replied with a cold voice 
“They looked at something they should not have looked at So I show them something they will regret wipessing for the rest of their lives 
His eyes turned dark, which she could not notice because of the dark. 
street. 
He replied with a cold voice, 
“They looked at something they should not have looked at. So I show them something they will regret witnessing for the rest of their lives.” 
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45
Allison was staring at Ryan. He was driving the car in silence. 
“What did you show them?” 
“Something you should not know.” 
“Ryan, why are you confusing me? Tell me, come on.” She tried to persuade him. 
“Will you tell me why you need Ethan?” 
After she had heard his query, she looked away from him. She had no intention of telling anyone else the story of her wolf. 
“It’s very personal.” 
“Then, that was a personal matter as well.” 
“Okay, fine. Don’t tell me.” 
“Good girl.” 
She wanted to get mad at him, but the moment she turned to him, his face made her calm. He was not a bad person. He did not try to take advantage of her in the club. 
Though he was known as a playboy, he did not do anything terrible to her. She showed some trust and went to the party with him; he did 
not let her trust be broken. 
Allison leaned on the seat and said, 
“You are not a bad guy. Why don’t you speak to your parents normally? 
“They don’t want me. They are happy with their one son.” 
“Don’t behave like a five-year-old kid. You sound like a jealous child who is filled with envy.” 
“Do you think so?” 
“Yeah.” 
“I guess I have always had a very possessive attitude towards the things that are mine…” He stopped and cast a quick glance in her 
direction. 
“But Ethan took them away from me each and every time.” 
She could not understand what he was talking about. But she shook. her head. “He is not a bad guy either. I know what he did to me was wrong. But that’s our matter. Other than that, he is a family person. You are his brother. If there ever comes a time when you are in danger, he will destroy everything in order to save you.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes, of course. I know him.” 
“How long?” 
“What?” She asked as she could not get his sudden question. 
“How long have you been in love with him?” 
Allison thought about it. How long was she in love with Ethan? She had admired him since childhood. Though she realized her love when he came to save her from those boys who tried to force her. 
“I don’t know.” She mumbled. 
“From childhood.” He replied. 
She jerked her head towards him and asked, 
“H-How do you know?” 
“See? You lied to me. You said you don’t know.” 
“No, I am confused about it. But tell me, how do you know?” 
“I was not blind when I was here.” 
His reply left her speechless. “You noticed it? We were kids at that 
time.” 
“I had seen how you used to look at him. When I returned to this pack, I got to see the same Allison, who was still looking at Ethan with love in her eyes. I must say, you are a loyal girl.” 
Allison’s cheeks became flushed with redness. She was unsure if she 
should feel embarrassed or not about the situation.. 
Suddenly, his words hit her. “Wait a minute.” 
“What?” He asked. 
“You observed me in our childhood days?” 
“Oh please. I didn’t observe you, I had noticed it when your mother took you to the pack house and you only came to talk with Ethan. Who would not notice it?” 
“Bro, you-” 
“I am not your brother.” 
“Oh, okay. Why so serious?” She blinked when he glanced at her. 
“Well, Ryan, you are right. You guessed correctly, happy?” 
The car turned quiet again. After a few minutes, he let out, 
“You still love him, don’t you?” 
She was feeling sleepy. She closed her eyes and did not reply to him. since she did not know the answer either. 
The car stopped in front of Allison’s house. Ryan turned to her, and his eyes remained on her face. 
She had fallen asleep. Her head was resting against the glass of the window. A few strands of her hair had made their way onto her face. 
He let out a sigh and stared at her for a long time. His phone buzzed, and he answered the call right away so that she would not wake up. 
“They just departed from my home, Ryan. It will take one hour from my house to reach theirs.” 
Ryan’s gaze did not leave Allison’s face. 
“Okay.” He replied and cut the call. 
He got out of his car and went to open the other door. 
He bent down and unbuckled her seatbelt. He glanced at her purse. Since he had seen her putting her house key inside her bag, he opened the chain and took it out. 
He gently took her into his arms and then closed the car door with his leg. 
He walked to the house and opened the door with the keys in one hand while holding her with the other. 
“You really need to eat more. You are like a feather to me.” He muttered and entered her house. 
He went upstairs to her room. When he came to take her here in the 
evening, he noticed her room from downstairs. 
He closed the door behind him and slowly laid her on the bed. 
He sat on the bed beside her and observed her. His fingers moved the hair strands from her face. 
She was either in a deep sleep or feeling something soothing that 
helped her to fall asleep peacefully. 
He whispered to her while stroking her cheek with the back of his knuckles and said, 
“You are driving me insane. I am terrified of who I am right now. If I break you, will you forgive me as you did with Ethan?” 
His fingers came to rest on her lips. He gently rubbed his thumb across her lips, and he could feel the softness of her lips beneath his 
fingertip. 
“You are wrong. You don’t need him, but he needs you. However…” He paused for a moment, then continued, 
“You caught my eye. Now, even if you want, you can’t back away until I let you go.” 
He leaned on her face and nuzzled his nose against her cheeks. 
Then his lips brushed against hers softly. At that time, he lost control over his desire to kiss her. 
She did not awaken like he had taken possession of her mind and 
body. 
He pressed his lips against hers and kissed her tenderly which lasted 
for a while. 
He moved back after kissing her. He wiped her lips with his thumb 
and then withdrew his finger from her lips. 
She shifted her body a little, then went to dreamland again. 
But she could not see the man in front of her, who had just kissed her as he wished. 
He stared at her with his eyes glowing dark orange. 
“I am too dangerous for you. You know nothing about me. 
56 
What if I cage you in my world, Omega?” 
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Allison opened her eyes. She yawned and sat up in the bed. 
As she took a look around, she realized that she was in her bedroom. 
She glanced at the window. The window in her room was open, and she could see the bright sunlight streaming in. 
“When did I come to my room? I was in the car and…” She paused 
and looked down at her. 
Ryan’s black jacket was still on her body. She could still recall the way he had wrapped it around her. She was with him last night until she fell asleep in his car. 
“Did he take me to my room?” 
She unknowingly pulled the leather jacket close to her nose. She sniffed it, and she was stunned. 
It smelled different but pleasant, and it was mixed with his cologne. 
Unexpectedly, she blushed and put the jacket beside her on the bed. 
She got out of bed and went to the bathroom to take a shower. 
Since it was a Sunday, she did not have anything to worry about in terms of her studies. She made her way downstairs in a relaxed 
manner. 
Her mother was sitting on the couch. Surprisingly, her father was also sitting there. They were laughing at each other. 
Allison came to a stop in the corner and smiled at her parents while she looked at them. They seemed to enjoy being together! 
She was convinced that they were the happiest couple in the world. 
They both loved and cared for each other. 
‘Such a happy couple!’ She was thinking and feeling sensitive 
emotions. 
When her mother noticed her, she immediately called for her daughter, “Allison, come here.” 
“Good morning, Mom and Dad,” She said to them. 
“Good morning, my princess.” Her father said and patted the seat beside him on the couch. 
Allison sat beside him. Her mother stood and announced, “I am going to set breakfast on the table.” Then she went to the kitchen. 
“When did you come last night?” Glen asked his daughter. 
Allison heaved a breath as she struggled to determine whether or not they had seen her with Ryan. She didn’t even know what had happened last night. She needed to ask Ryan about it. Additionally, she was wondering why her parents didn’t wake her up when they reached home. 
“I could not remember the time, Dad. I was sleepy, so I returned and went to sleep directly.” 
He gave her a nod. “We came back late at night, and when we went to check, your lights were off; you were sleeping, so we did not disturb you.” 
Allison felt relieved. If they somehow saw her with that jacket, it would be a big problem. Her father would have definitely asked her about it. 
“How was the pack party, Dad?” She tried to change the topic. 
“Yeah, it was good. It was our Gamma’s birthday. We had a good time and were about to come back soon but his son stopped us, and we 
got stuck there. He arranged some games for his father and us. We played and then went for drinks. You know, Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. They did not let us leave before the party ended.” 
“Oh. It’s good that you and Mom enjoyed it.” 
“Yeah, we did. We have been friends for a long time. So whenever we get time to have her together, we don’t miss that. How about you? Did you enjoy your friend’s birthday party?” 
Her father’s question made her recall everything about last night. 
The way she danced last night, she felt she was not herself but someone else. 
“I did.” She mumbled. 
“Good. I like it when you try to enjoy your time. It would be best if you went out more often. I want you to develop into a delightful young lady, not a robot that merely carries out the tasks that we
assign to her. It is now your turn to experience everything. Because once you are married, you will be expected to take on a great deal of 
responsibility, and you won’t have much time for yourself during that 
time.” 
She turned her head towards her father immediately. 
“Marriage? Responsibility? What are you talking about, Dad? I am only eighteen.” 
He chuckled at her. “My princess, when I found your mother as my mate, she was also eighteen. We had just gotten married at the time, and look how far we have come! A cheerful home with a happy family. 
Allison lowered her head. If she had heard these things before she was rejected, it would have made her blush or made her pleased. However, today, everything was different. She did not have anyone in 
2.5 
her life with whom she could share such a thought, thus the idea of getting married was out of the question for her at the moment. 
“Stop talking and come for breakfast. Hurry up.” 
Her mother’s voice reached her ears. She stood up, saying, “Let’s go, 
Dad.” 
Three of them sat at the table and had their breakfast while exchanging smiles. 
“Your semester is coming. How is your study going?” 
“Good.” 
Her father asked, and she replied instantly. It was true that she was studying hard for her exams. 
“Luna Ella was talking about you last night.” Her mother said. 
“Me?” She asked. 
“Yeah. She was telling me that you are a hard working girl. You are really doing well in training.” 
“Really? How did she know?” 
“Of course, Ethan told him. Alpha Neil told me so.” Her father spoke 
out. 
Allison glanced at her father. She was sure that her father was a fan of Ethan. He always talked about him. He never let out anything wrong about him. 
After breakfast, Allison returned to her room. She decided to stay at home today. Because from the next morning, she would have to start her daily schedule again. 
She stayed home the whole day and spent her time with her parents. 
She wanted to call Ryan to ask about last night. But she prevented her 
from doing that. 
It was nighttime when she came to her room after having dinner with her parents. 
She lay on the bed and began to think about last night. She thought about Ryan. 
In her eyes, he was not a harmful person. He was just walking in the wrong direction. He needed someone to make things right. 
She could not sleep, so she sat up and grabbed her phone. She started to scroll through the timeline of her social media account. 
She saw many girls from her school posting about Ethan and Ryan, as usual. 
But her eyes fell on a few photos of her and Ryan that were also uploaded there. 
They looked very intimate in those photos. It looked like Ryan was hugging her from behind while dancing. 
Her jaw dropped when she saw those photos. Someone posted them a few minutes ago. 
The caption startled her the most. 
“Playboy Alpha Ryan Iversen was spotted with a new chick last night at the Star Night Club.” 
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47
The following day, Allison was upset. Teresa came to pick her up. 
After 
er getting in the car, she turned her head to gaze out the window. 
“As you can see, I have read the post. The news spread like wildfire. You are free to share your thoughts on the matter in any way you see fit. You are aware that we can have a conversation, right?” 
After saying that, Teresa started the car. 
Allison gave a small shake of her head and said, “I have nothing to say.” 
“You went with him to a club? I couldn’t believe it when I saw it. You 
were never one for going out to clubs and parties. How was it that he was able to persuade you to go with him?” 
“I had assumed that you would accompany Max.” 
“What?” 
“Hmm. He told me that you would go there with Max. I thought I would not be alone, but then Max told me that you did not come with 
him.” 
“If I had known that you were going, I would have agreed with Max. You could have called me.” 
“I made a mistake. I should have called you.” 
“No, it’s okay. You had new experiences. I saw how you were having a good time with him. So he did his magic to you, huh?” Teresa asked with a singing tone. 
Allison turned to her. “Don’t talk nonsense. Nothing is like that. I don’t know what has happened to me.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I turn into a different person whenever I am with him.” 
“In a good way or a bad way?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Okay, relax. Don’t worry much about it.” 
Allison gave her a nod and sighed. 
When they finally arrived at their school, everyone immediately began to talk about Allison. 
She rolled her eyes. People had nothing to do except gossip about 
her. 
“Look at her. She is so confident. Last time she was close with Ethan, 
now she is with Ryan.” 
“Maybe Ethan ditched her.” 
“Of course, he did. Do you think Ethan can stick with this girl? What is her status? Nothing. An ordinary omega can’t have the head Alpha.” 
“We all know how Ryan is. He will dump her soon. He only used girls for play. So she will be on his playing list soon. After that, she will be nothing.” 
Allison heard all the gossip. She tightened her fists and headed to the 
locker. 
Teresa was about to scold others, but she stopped her from saying anything. 
“It will be no use. Let’s go.” 
She made her way to the first of her classes. When other students in the class glared at her, it made her feel uncomfortable and furious. 
She started attending the sessions one at a time and felt like slapping herself for her decision to go to the club with Ryan that night. 
She was afraid that if her father ever saw those pictures, it would be 
the end of her. 
When it came time for the break. She got along with Teresa, and the two of them went to the cafe. There, she also overheard others. 
gossiping. 
Max came to chat with Teresa. He gave Allison a glance and said, 
“Ryan was asking for you. He said you were not picking up his calls.” 
Allison made a frowning face and looked through her bag. She pulled her phone out. It was in silent mode. 
She could see a few missed calls from an unknown number. She still 
had not saved his number. 
She noticed a message had suddenly appeared. 
“Come to the rooftop. I am waiting.” 
Allison could not make up her mind about whether or not she wanted 
to go. 
But she stood up from her chair and looked at Teresa. “I am going to meet him. We will meet in the next class.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yeah. Don’t worry.” 
“Okay.” 
Allison headed to the rooftop. 
She opened the door to the roof and entered the rooftop. 
She spotted Ryan standing there while he was holding onto the railing. 
She then proceeded towards him after closing the door behind her. 
“You sent me a message.” She stated. 
Hearing her, he turned around. 
She looked at him and blushed when she remembered that he carried 
her to her room that night. 
‘Oh, his jacket! Did he call me for his jacket? I left it at home. How did I forget it?’ 
“How are you?” 
His deep voice took her out of her thoughts. 
“I’m fine.” 
He stared at her, which made her feel nervous. 
“Do you have something to talk about?” She asked. 
He shook his head. “I just wanted to see you.” 
“W-What?” 
“How is your health?” 
“What happened to me? I am totally fine.” 
She was bewildered. ‘Why is he asking me about my health?’ 
He looked away and turned around to the railing again, focusing on 
the entrance area. 
She stepped toward the railing and stood beside him. 
“That night, why didn’t you wake me up?” 
“I did not want to disturb your sleep. 
“What if my parents were at home?” 
“There was no way for them to reach there before us.” 
“How were you so sure?” 
A smile stretched across his lips. “I have my own way, baby.” He replied in a low tone. 
Allison closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She cleared her 
throat. 
“Ryan, I have to say something.” 
“I’m all ears.” He replied and turned to her. 
“Have you seen the posts?” 
He frowned as if he were not aware of anything. 
“What posts are you talking about?” He asked. 
“Nice. You had seen the posts with Ethan and me that day. But not mine and yours?” 
He narrowed his eyes. “Your and Ethan’s names don’t sound good together.” 
“What are you talking about?” She glared at him for behaving like he did not know about those posts. 
So she took out her phone and searched for those posts. 
“See?” 
When she showed him the phone, he grabbed it. When his hand came 
into contact with hers and flinched. 
He was busy reading the posts and comments. He did not see her 
reaction. 
‘What’s wrong with me?’ She asked herself for her own reaction. 
She looked at the man in front of her. His face turned grim as his eyes read those comments. 
‘Those posts are not only for me but also for him. Of course, he would get angry.’ She thought. 
He handed her phone to her. “I will do something about it. Don’t worry. 
He assured her as his eyes were looking down at the students. 
But she could see his mind was somewhere else. 
“I believe it would be best if we kept our distance from each other.” 
He turned his head as if he did not like her statement. With a cold 
tone, he replied, 
“If you want to stay away, I won’t force you to meet me again.” 
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48
His icy tone shocked Allison, who was caught off guard. 
“I didn’t mean anything to hurt you, and it’s just that I don’t want anyone to misunderstand us. Please don’t take this the wrong way. I am just-” 
She tried to explain to him, but he interrupted her, 
“I can understand you.” 
Allison nodded and left the rooftop. 
Ryan turned around and took out his phone. He dialed a number. It took one ring, and it connected. 
“Find out the person who uploaded photos of me and Allison, and bring them to me.” 
“Okay.” 
“Don’t forget to take down all of the posts,” Like the boss, he 
instructed. 
“Got it. Just give me two hours, please.” 
Ryan’s eyes turned dark. “One hour.” 
“Bro, please. I have just woken up.” 
“Colin.” 
“Okay, fine. Within the next hour, the person who had the audacity to cause trouble for Alpha Ryan will be standing in front of you.” 
“Hmm.” 
“Please don’t do something when you meet them. They must be just 
mere students who want some clout. 
It’s not our old place, don’t be so cruel here.” 
“Will see. However, there is something else that I need you to accomplish for me.” 
“Your wish, my command.” 
Ryan smirked before announcing what it was that he wanted. 
Meanwhile, Allison met with Teresa in the cafe. Max had already gone. 
“Where is Max?” She asked Teresa. 
“He said he had something to do.” Teresa replied. 
“Oh” 
“I thought you went to meet Ryan.” 
“Yeah, I did. I told him we should stay away from each other so that we don’t have to face this type of controversy again.” 
Teresa supported her chin with the palm of her hand and indicated with a nod that she understood. “There is something I am curious 
about.” 
“What?” 
“A few days ago, you used to dislike him, but now you are talking to him. In fact, you believed that guy. You changed yourself and tried to move on. Now you confidently talk with Ethan, and he is begging you to forgive him.” 
“What are you trying to say?” 
Teresa hit her head. “Silly, don’t you think everything is going like how Ryan wanted at first?” 
“Wait what?” 
Allison remembered when Ryan told her that he had a plan to make Ethan regret it. She had declined his offer and explained to him that she had no interest in taking any form of revenge. 
“No way, Teresa. He had said something about revenge. I am not going to take any retaliation.” 
It was time to attend their next class. They headed to their class. 
After all the classes, Allison said goodbye to Teresa and took a cab. 
She went to the pack house. It was her time for training so she came 
here. 
She did not enter the residential area. She proceeded to the training hall directly. 
She saw many boys there. Her legs froze outside. Every single one of them did not have a shirt on and was simply wearing workout 
trousers. 
Ethan stood directly in front of them. He did not have a shirt on either. His muscles were clearly visible. Since his entire body was drenched in sweat, it was clear that he had been instructing those young men for a long time. 
She just stood there and started watching his movements. He possessed a high level of fighting ability. When she watched him fighting a boy for everyone to see, she was utterly taken aback. 
He appeared to be furious in some way. So his punches were hard, and the boy looked scared as he took several powerful blows from 
him. 
“Don’t be scared, even if the enemy is stronger than you. Your fear will only make him stronger.” Ethan yelled at him. 
“Y-Yes, Alpha.” The boy let out a scream and tried to attack him. 
But he was Alpha Ethan. He grabbed his hands and tossed him to the ground. 
Allison felt nervous for the boy. He looked the same as hers. ‘What if he gets hurt? Why is he striking him like that? What exactly is wrong with him?’ She thought about Ethan as she watched the fight. 
“Allison?” 
She turned around when she heard someone’s voice. 
“Wade” 
It was Ethan’s best friend and the soon-to-be beta of this pack, Wade. He was entering the training hall when he saw her standing outside. 
“Why are you not going inside?” Wade asked as he stood beside her. 
Allison glanced at Ethan and replied to Wade, 
“What’s wrong with him today? Why is he so angry?” 
“Who knows? He did not even go to school today and told othe come for training.” 
“How long are they training here?” 
“Six hours.” 
“WHAT?” 
Allison’s voice echoed throughout the room as she asked loudly. 
Everyone turned their heads toward her. Ethan stopped his training 
and looked at her. 
Allison felt embarrassed. She should not have shouted like that. 
“I mean, six hours? How? Does he want to kill others?” 
“Maybe. He is not talking to anyone from last night. You can ask him. 
Perhaps he will answer you.” Wade replied and chuckled. 
“Everyone, your training is over for today. Don’t forget to come back tomorrow at the exact time.” Ethan told the pack fighters. 
They felt relieved. They nodded and thanked him. They almost 
collapsed when they started to walk, 
Allison entered the hall and stood in a corner. Those pack fighters were glancing at her before leaving the training hall. 
She saw that Wade had also left with them. 
She glanced at Ethan. He took a white towel and wiped his hair, then moved it to his bare chest. 
She looked away from his body and asked, 
“I heard you were training them for six hours straight. Do you want to train me today, or will I come tomorrow?” 
“Go and change your clothes.” He sounded like he was ordering. His tone was not friendly at all. 
She headed to the changing room and put on her training clothes. 
When she came back, she saw that the door was closed. 
“Why did you close the door?” She asked him. 
He was standing beside a window, looking outside. 
He turned around and stepped towards her. He stopped in front of her and replied, 
“So that no one can disturb us in training.” 
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49
Before Allison could say anything, Ethan pulled her hand and 
attempted to punch her back, but she blocked the blow with the other hand. It was his technique. He showed them to her to protect herself. She was using them against him today. 
“Nice try.” He muttered. 
He went for her right arm and landed a punch on it. 
“Aahhh!” She let out a cry. 
It did not stop him. He attempted to hit her shoulder, but she grabbed his hands and pushed him. 
“What’s wrong with you, Ethan?” She asked in a high tone. 
“You wanted me to train you like a kid? Then sorry, Allison Clark. I am an Alpha. I can’t do that anymore.” He let out, and his leg hit 
lightly to get her leg. She fell to the ground. 
She glared at him. “You are hurting me intentionally.” 
“So what? You should defend yourself. Your enemy won’t show mercy to you in war. They will crack your neck in one go.” 
Allison got mad at him. She gathered all of her strength and stood up. 
He tried to attack, but she dodged his every hit. She practiced with him all these times, so she knew his moves now. But she knew it was nothing in front of how he trained those boys. He was going easy 
with her. 
She tried to grab his hands, but he spun her around quickly. Her back was pressed hard against his bare chest. It appeared as though he was trying to cross her hands with his own. She tried to put up a fight, 
but he was strong as a rock. After she struggled for so long without success, she gave up and just remained there, making no attempt to break free of his clutches. 
“I didn’t know that you liked clubs and parties.” 
She heard him. He was a tall man, the same height as Ryan. 
He bent his neck, and she heard his words in her ear once more. 
“Or do you only like it when you are with my brother?” 
Allison frowned and tried to move, but his hold became increasingly tight. 
“This is the same position. You were beaming your smile at him. After Heft the club, you seemed to have a great time at the party.” 
“What are you saying?” 
“I have seen those pictures…” He uttered those words, had a little pause, and then murmured, 
“But I don’t like them at all. You were not looking good with him. He doesn’t deserve to be with you like that.” 
She froze at his whispers. It took time for her to get her mind back. 
“Leave me.” She spoke out in anger. 
He loosened his grip, and she turned around. However, he was not ready for her next move. The moment she turned around, she 
punched the left side of his chest with all of her strength. 
He took a step back and touched his heart. 
“You don’t have any right to talk to me like that.” 
When he heard her, glared at her. 
He rushed to her, and it startled her. She thought he would hit her but 
her back got pressed against a pillar. She shut her eyes tightly. 
“You thought I would hit you?” He asked while looking at her expression. 
She opened her eyes and looked at him. “You have already done it.” She gritted her teeth and replied. 
“It was a part of training. I wanted to show you what the actual attack looks like.” 
“I see.” She tried to push him, but he grabbed her hands to keep her from moving. 
“I am telling you again. He is not good for you. He is not someone you can believe in. He will ruin you.” 
“Shut up! What are you blabbering about? There is nothing between me and him. And even if we have, that’s none of your business, okay?” 
“I will be the head Alpha. Securing my pack’s omegas is my duty.” 
“Oh, then you should look at others too. I have my parents to look 
after me.” 
“Your dad told me to look after you.” 
“What?” 
Allison could not believe this. Why was his father doing that? The more she tried to stay away from Ethan, the more he tried to push her toward him. Why was that? 
“Look, I don’t want to talk about Ryan. I came here to get trained. You better do your duty well. Stop interfering in my life.” 
“Just promise me one thing.” 
“Why would I?” 
He ignored her question and said, 
“Don’t fall for him ever. He is trying to destroy you.” 
“What are you talking about? Why would I fall for hi-” 
Allison was interrupted by chest pain. 
“Aahhh!” 
She rubbed her chest. Ethan immediately let her hands go and asked, 
“What happened?” 
“AAAAHHH!” 
She fell to the ground while clutching her heart over her clothes. 
“What’s happening to you?” Ethan lifted her in his arms and rushed to the pack house. 
He mind linked to Wade to call Linus and tell him to come there 
immediately. 
No one was in the living room, which made things easier. No one asked anything, and he went directly to his room. 
Allison sobbed out of her suffering. It brought back the agony she had experienced after Ethan rejected her. Why was she feeling that again? Was her wolf leaving her? But why? 
Ethan laid her on his bed and caressed her head. 
“Don’t worry. Linus is on the way.” 
“M-My wolf. It’s…” She could not help but cry in front of him. 
Ethan’s eyes widened. He held her hand and asked, “What happened to your wolf?” 
Allison was losing her mind in pain. She unintentionally told him 
about her wolf. 
“Y-You rejected me, and she was not reacting for a long time. Now that pain of that night came back to me again.” 
“Pain?” Ethan stared at her. 
He had no idea about how much pain she had to bear for him. 
His eyes turned red. “Nothing will happen to your wolf. I promise.” 
She shook her head and turned her head to the opposite side. If she lost her wolf, she would become a wolfless woman. How would she live in this werewolf world then? She would have to die. 
Linus and Wade entered the room together. They puffed as if they 
had come here in a hurry. 
“What on earth happened, Allison?” Linus went to check on her. 
“I want her wolf back, Linus.” 
Ethan stood up and warned Linus that if Linus could not fix the situation, he would kill him. 
Linus avoided the warning and checked on Allison. His worried face. 
turned into a relaxed one. 
He gave her an injection and said, 
“It is a painkiller dose. You will be fine, Allison.” 
She looked at him with glossy eyes. “My wolf…” 
“She is totally back. It’s the pain she felt for you. Now that she is back, you have to take it for her.” 
Allison’s eyes lit up. “S-She is back?” 
Linus nodded his head. “You can try to reach her.” 
She nodded and tried to connect with her wolf. She heard a painful 
growl. Then she felt herself howling inside. Her wolf was howling in 
sorrow. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks. She let out a sigh while closing her eyes in pain. 
“Yes, she is finally back to me.” 
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50
Ethan was sitting on the bed. His fingers were running through Allison’s hair. She was lying on his bed. Her pain caused her to go numb, and the dose made her sleep to get rid of the pain. 
Linus and Wade were sitting on the couch. Their eyes were on Ethan. 
“She told me about it the next day you rejected her.” Linus explained all the things to Ethan. 
Ethan’s gaze was fixed on Allison. He did not move his eyes from her 
for a second. 
“Ethan.” 
Wade called him but he was silent. His mind was messed up. He was getting angry at himself. 
“It was all my fault.” 
Linus and Wade both turned quiet. They were in accord with it. 
“I should have thought about her before. I assumed it one week before her birthday. Still, I did this to her.” 
After half an hour, Linus and Wade left the room, leaving Ethan and 
Allison alone. 
After what seemed like a few hours, Allison finally opened her eyes. The ceiling was unknown to her. Almost instantaneously, she sat up. 
“How are you feeling now?” She heard Ethan beside her. 
She turned to the side and was stunned. He was sitting on the bed 
beside her. 
“Good.” She replied. 
She noticed a blanket wrapped around her. She pushed the blanket away from her body and tried to get down of the bed. 
He grabbed her wrist. “Where are you going?” 
“I should leave now.” 
“You are not well yet.” 
She touched her heart with her other hand. “I am totally fine now. In fact, I just became fine.” 
She got her wolf back. What else could she possibly want more of? 
“Leave my hand. My mom and dad must be getting worried about me.” 
“I spoke with them a couple of hours ago.” 
She turned to him. “You what? Why? Did you tell them everything?” 
“Why didn’t you tell them?” He asked 
She yanked her hand away and moved towards him. She pushed his chest with her hands. 
“What did I say? How did their favorite Ethan reject me? Or how he left me to die in the forest? Or how I almost lost my wolf because of him?” 
He was staring at her. He could not let out a single word. He was speechless. 
She scoffed at him. But the next moment, she was taken aback. 
Ethan drew her close to him and wrapped her tightly in a hug. She blinked her eyes several times. Her hands were in the air. She was hesitant to push him. 
“I am sorry, Allison. Please forgive me. I was so wrong. I thought 
about my pack. I only thought about it. I did not think about you at that time. But I should have thought about it. I forgot about the consequences and rejected you. But I swear, I thought about you too. Becoming a Luna was not easy. It would have also endangered you. They always attack Luna first to take down the Alpha. I did not want to take any risks. But I had failed to think about the outcomes of this rejection.” 
Allison was staring at the blank wall. She was completely at a loss for 
words. 
She was so upset that tears were streaming out of her eyes and falling into his shirt. 
As if his life depended on it, he stroked her hair and hugged her even more tightly than before. 
“I know I have committed a deadly sin. But I am regretting it now. I can’t take it anymore. Should I die with the punishment? What can I do now? I am mourning in pain daily. How can you forgive me for the anguish I have caused you?”. 
His broken voice shook her to her very core. 
He was waiting for a response from her. But she kept quiet. He moved a little back and gazed directly at her. Their faces were very 
close to one another. 
“Will you be able to forgive me?” 
Allison lowered her head and let out a long sigh. 
“Look, Ethan. I decided a few days ago that when I get back my wolf, I will forgive you so that I can free myself from this tragedy of my life.” 
He cupped her cheeks and wiped her tears. 
“Don’t cry.” 
She sobbed and pushed his hands slightly away. 
“I am forgiving you. Because I can’t be selfish, not even as a strong girl. I also can’t handle going through that pain again. Therefore, it is best for me to forgive you and forget about those distressing 
memories for the rest of eternity.” 
She climbed down from the bed and then stood up next to it. 
“From now on, our life is separating from here. I will see you as a head Alpha and won’t curse you for what you have done. We will be family friends, and it will be maintained like before. Because we
can not divide our family for us.” 
She turned around and took her phone and bag, which were placed on -the nightstand. 
“Where are you going?” He asked. 
“My home.” 
“You haven’t eaten anything yet.” 
“Once I get back to my home, I will eat.” 
She walked to the door and grabbed the doorknob. 
“Allison.” 
She turned around to face him. “What now?” 
“What if I tell you that I don’t want our lives separated from each other?” 
“W-What?” 
“I want to be with you.” 
She frowned at him. “What do you mean?” 
“It hurt me deeply every time I saw you with Ryan. I don’t want you to be with anyone else. I want you to be with me only.” 
As she moved closer to him, she laughed at the words he had just said. “Mr. Ethan Iverven, I just can’t believe what you are saying. How can Alpha Neil think of you as a head Alpha? You made a
joke about your fate and rejected me. Then you felt regret and asked for forgiveness. Now you have changed your mind and decided that you want to be with the same girl who your fate had chosen for you and who you foolishly rejected. I just can’t believe it. Do you think that you can play a game with my life? Am a toy that you can have fun with and then put away whenever you want?” 
He shook his head. “I am not deceiving you in any way. I couldn’t help but fall for you. You are the only one to whom my heart truly belongs 
now.” 
She stared into his eyes, which were telling her that he was not lying. 
Her heart was pounding inside. She chuckled at her stupid heart, which was still beating for him. 
“I can’t.” She replied and turned around to leave. 
But he hugged her from behind and rested his head on her neck, then 
confessed to her, 
“I fell in love with you, Allison.” 
She closed her eyes and allowed her tears to flow freely. 
Just as she was about to push his arms away from her waist, the 
door burst open. 
She opened her eyes and looked at the person who had opened the door. 
“Ryan?” 
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51
Ryan’s eyes were skimming over Allison and Ethan. 
His hands loosened on the doorknob. His eyes turned dark. 
Allison stared at him as she was speechless in the situation. 
“Where are your manners? You should have knocked on the door.” Ethan let out. 
His arms were still wrapping around Allison’s waist. 
“You are right. I should have knocked.” Ryan muttered. His eyes were fixed on Allison. 
Allison shook her head. “Ryan-” 
He cut her off in the middle. “I came to check on you since I heard from the maids that you had become ill. But it looks like you are more than fine now.” 
Ethan nodded his head. “She is okay. No one needs to worry for her.” 
“You are right. Since she has our head Alpha, who needs to worry? Just carry on, don’t mind me.” Ryan said and left the room; he did not forget to close the door behind him. 
Allison was dumbfounded. What had just happened? 
“Allison” 
She heard Ethan and realized that he was still holding her. 
She broke his hold and turned to him. “Stop doing these. Just now, Ryan misunderstood us.” 
“No, he got it right. I have feelings for you, and I know you still love me. 
“No, I don’t. I don’t love you.” 
“You are free to lie to me, but you can not deceive yourself.” 
Allison left Ethan’s room, and her eyes fell on Ryan’s room. She heaved a sigh and then. walked away from the pack house. 
The following day, she arrived at school earlier than usual. 
“Where are you lost?” Teresa asked Allison. 
They were sitting in the cafeteria since it was their only place to chat for a long time without being interrupted. 
“Allison?” She called her name and patted her arm. 
“Huh?” 
Allison’s mind was stirred up by Ethan’s words. She did not know why her fate was playing 
with her like that. 
“Is everything okay?” Teresa asked her. 
She could not call and tell anything to Teresa last night because she went home and locked 
herself in her room. She cried in her room alone. 
“I forgave him.“– 
“You did? But you said…” 
“Yeah, I got my wolf back.” 
“Allison, why didn’t you give me this good news before?” 
“There is another thing, Teresa.” 
“What?” Teresa frowned as she waited for the answer. 
“He confessed to me.” Allison let out a whisper. 
Teresa gasped after hearing her. “He what?” 
Allison lowered her head and rested her head on the table. 
“He said he fell for me.” 
“How dare he? He rejected you and now he is talking like this? He should have accepted you, if he cared for you.” 
“He said he fell for me after rejection.” 
“Huh? That bastard! Because of him, you had to endure so much pain, you shouldn’t give in to him so quickly.” 
Allison heard her and closed her eyes. She was confused. Before the rejection, she was madly in love with Ethan. His one glance was enough to make her smile. But now, how did the situation turn out like this? She was not happy, but mad at him. His confession rubbed salt into her wounds. She tried to forget everything, but now his words stuck in her mind. 
24 
entirely. 
“Do you want to accept him?” Teresa raised a question. 
She lifted her head and shook it. “No, I don’t want him in my life again. I have had enough. I just….” She paused as she thought about those days when she ran after him like a crazy fangirl. 
From her childhood days, he was the apple of her eye. She wanted him to be with her 
forever. She gave him the place that she would never be able to give to anyone else again in her entire life. 
Despite the fact that he destroyed her heart and she forgave him for that, the hole he left behind was not completely filled. 
Teresa stroked her hair. “Don’t think about it. Just leave everything to fate, as you told me before. Wait and watch what it has decided for you.” a 
She nodded and spoke out, 
“Last night, he hugged me to stop me from leaving. At that time, Ryan opened the door and saw us together.” 
“Did he create any scenes there?” 
“No. But I think he misunderstood us.” 
Teresa looked at Allison carefully. “If you go around with Ryan, it would be controversial because we all know he is a playboy. So you can think about it. But even if Ryan 
misunderstood you and Ethan, so what? You were not self–conscious before. What happened to you?” 
Allison sat up straight and turned to Teresa. “You are right. Why should I give a damn?” 1 
At that moment, Ryan entered the cafe with Max and Owen. Everyone’s eyes fell on him. 
All the girls were staring at him. Allison heard those girls and twisted her head to his side. 
He walked to a table in the corner and sat there. It looked like he had just come to school. 
She had not seen him coming to the cafe usually. Today he looked different too. His face was cold, and his eyes were dark. 
His white shirt and black jeans fit his body so well. His muscles were visible to others in that outfit. 
Allison began to think of the tattoo that she had noticed on his chest when they first met at 
the club. He was wearing a white shirt that day too. 
Today his tattoo was hidden under his shirt. 
She saw his friends standing up and asked him something, then headed to order for them. 
Her gaze was fixed on him. Suddenly, his eyes caught her gaze, as if he knew she was staring at him. 
She felt her heart skip a beat, and she looked away from him. 
“What? Do you want to clear the misunderstanding?” Teresa inquired. 
“Should I?” 
“Your wish.” 
“Okay.” 
Allison pressed her hands on the table and stood up. She slowly proceeded to the table where Ryan was sitting. Others were looking at her as she went there. They had already seen those pictures of her and Ryan, so they started to make up stories about them in their minds. 
Allison had come to a stop in front of Ryan and said while looking at him, “Do you have some time? I need to talk to you.” 
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52
Ryan looked behind Allison. As soon as she turned around, she could see that his friends. were making their way there. However, when Ryan shifted his gaze on them, they smiled politely, nodded their heads, and proceeded to sit with Teresa. Teresa looked at Max. Max introduced Owen to Teresa. Then they started to talk. 
“Sit.” 
After hearing Ryan, Allison turned her attention to him. He indicated for her to take a seat in the chair that was directly across from him. 
She sat down and tried to find words to talk to him. 
“I wanted to talk about last night.” 
“What about it?” 
“I think you misunderstood me and Ethan.” 
“Misunderstood?” 
“Yeah, I mean. What you saw, nothing was like that.” 
He did not reply to her. But his gaze was dark and remained on her. She felt strange inside just looking at his angry face. 
‘Is he mad? Why? He looks furious.‘ She thought. 
“Ryan?” She called out his name when she saw him staring at her for a while. 
He exhaled deeply and shook his head 
in respons 
“There is nothing that I have misunderstood. I believe what I see.” 
u mean?” 
“What do you 
“Nothing. I thought you wanted to stay away from me.” 
She was taken aback by his statement. “I came to clear your misconception.” 
“I did not think anything. Therefore, there is no need for you to be concerned about it. You are in charge of your own life and decisions. You are aware of what would be most beneficial. 
to you.” 
She was at a loss for words, so instead of continuing to speak, she simply nodded and stood 
1. up. 
“Okay, then I am going, Bye.” 
“Take care. 
He let out. She stopped moving and looked at him for a moment. He gave her a friendly smile. His face was not grim anymore. He looked delighted again, which made her feel at ease without her
even realizing it. She smiled at him. 
“You too.” 
Then she headed back to Teresa’s table. Max and Owen greeted her and went to Ryan. 
Teresa walked out of the cafe while holding her hand. 
“I saw what had happened. Why did his grim face suddenly become so pleased?” 
“I don’t know. He reminded me that I told him to stay away. Then he advised me not to worry and that my life belonged to no one but me. Whenever I talk to him, I always end up more confused than before. He is quite mysterious.” 
After talking with Teresa, she went to attend classes. Teresa had a different schedule for the day than she did. So she had no choice but to sit through the majority of her classes without 
Teresa. 
After the classes, she left the school. Teresa was the first person to leave because she had some stuff to do at home. 
Allison started to walk down the street. She thought about taking a bus. She heard the horn 
of a car. 
She came to a halt when a car pulled up next to her. She turned around and watched the widow being pushed down, which revealed Ethan’s face. 
“Allison” 
“What are you doing here?” She asked. Ethan did not go to school today. What exactly was he doing in the middle of the road that led to the school? 
“I came to pick you up.” He replied. 
“I don’t want to go with you.” She said and began to walk again. 
He started her car and drove beside her. “If you choose not to accompany me, I will continue driving in this manner.” He yelled from his moving car. 
“What the hell is your problem?” She asked and turned to him. 
“You know my problem. And my solution is only you.” He let out and chuckled like an idiot. 
She raised her brows and wondered whether he had lost his mind. 
She went to the bus stop and sat down on one of the available seats. When she saw Ethan pull over to the side of the road and get out of his car, she rolled her eyes. 
She couldn’t help but grimace as he approached her. He came and sat down beside her. 
She paid him no attention and pulled out her phone instead. She began to make use of her phone. She gave him a quick glance and spotted him peeking at her phone in her hand. 
She moved her phone a little distance away and asked, “What are you looking at?” 
“Who are you chatting with?” 
She was not chatting with anyone. She was just searching for some topics for her new assignment. But she replied, 
“With someone. You don’t have to know.” 
“A boy?” 
“What if it’s a boy?” 
He scoffed and muttered, “It must be Ryan.” 
“Ryan?” 
“Not him? Then whom?” 
“Why did you think it was him?” 
“I heard about you and him talking in the cafeteria.” 
“What? Are you stalking me?” 
“No, but I have my men everywhere.” 
“As if I care.” She heaved a sigh and looked across at the bus that was coming. 
After getting to her feet, she boarded the bus. She sat on a seat beside a window. A boy sat 
beside her. 
She felt a sense of relief that she did not have to face Ethan. But she was totally wrong. Because Ethan got on the bus and came in the direction of her seat. 
She gave him a kind grin. “I’m sorry, but the seat next to me has already been taken. Please go somewhere else.” 
He glared at the boy, who immediately stood up and bowed to him. 
“Alpha” 
Everyone on the bus turned to Ethan, in fact, the bus driver too. 
They slightly bowed their heads. He gave them a nod and sat beside her. The boy who was sitting beside her went to another seat behind her. 
Allison slapped her forehead and turned to the window. 
“The seat next to you was always available for me.” 
“I see.” She murmured. 
“How are you now?” 
“Better than last night.” 
“Are you still angry with me?” 
She turned to him. “Why would I?” 
“I told you that I-“. 
“Stop it. I told you that we are just family friends. Don’t bring up those things again.” 
He turned silent and nodded. After a while, he smiled and said, “Then we are only friends. now. Okay?” 
She narrowed her eyes. How easily he had changed his feelings. 
The bus stopped, and she stood up without replying to him. She hurriedly got off the bus before him. 
“Child, how are you?” 
She stopped and turned around. It was the old woman whom she had met before. It seemed like she always traveled at this time. 
“Hello.” 
They smiled at each other and started to walk forward. 
“I see you are happy now. You have got your wolf back.” 
Allison’s jaw dropped. “How do you know?” 
“I can sense that.” 
“Oh.” She became wordless. 
“Your mate-” 
“I don’t have any mates now. He rejected me, and I am mateless. So please don’t talk about him to me.” 
“Okay, don’t be furious. He is not your mate. But you can’t deny his favor.” The old woman 
said and chuckled. 
They strolled a little far from the bus stop. 
“Favor? Help?” 
“He really helped you in getting your wolf back.” 
Allison’s steps halted. ‘Did Ethan really help me? How?‘ She remembered that she told him about her wolf when she started to feel pain. 
“How?” She asked the old woman. 
The old woman remained silent for a few seconds, and it seemed as though she was considering before saying anything. 
But then she said, 
“He is the almighty of every rank. How could a simple witch like me possibly know about it?” 1 
Allison was taken aback by the woman’s statements. She cast a quick glance behind the old woman. Ethan was heading in their direction. 
‘Almighty of every rank? I didn’t know Ethan was this powerful.‘ She thought. 
He stopped beside her. “You are really stubborn.” He spoke out. 
Allison looked at the old woman. “He is Alpha Ethan.” 
The old woman smiled at Ethan. “Of course, we all know him.” 
Ethan nodded at the woman and grabbed Allison’s hand. “Let’s go. We have to walk ten 
minutes from here.” 
Allison offered the old woman a pitiful smile and then leaned in close to whisper, 
“You were talking about him the whole time, but look at him. How arrogant he is!” 
Ethan pulled her along with him. She waved at the old woman and started to walk ahead. She started to argue with Ethan for dragging her. 
The old woman had a frown on her face. There was bewilderment in her emerald stared at Allison, and then her gaze shifted to Ethan. 
She whispered to herself, 
“But I was not talking about him.” 
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53
When Allison reached the pack house area, she immediately went to change her clothes into training clothes. 
Ethan frowned at her. “We should at least take some rest first before starting training.” 
Allison scoffed at him and folded her arms against her chest. “The Alpha who trained his pack fighters for six hours is talking about taking some rest!‘ 
He scratched his neck and looked away from him. “You are not my pack fighter. 
She rolled her eyes. “Stop calling me weak indirectly.” 
“What? No. I didn’t mean that.” 
“Let’s start the training. I have to go home early today.” 
“Why?” 
“Do I need to answer everything?” 
“Why not?” 
“I have some work at home.” She replied with a sigh. 
She wanted to go for a run. 
That night, when she reached home, her parents asked her about her health. She was relieved that Ethan did not let out anything about her wolf to them when he had called them 
to inform them about her. 
Ethan walked to the changing room to change and then emerged wearing a pair of training pants. 
She was using her phone for some information about her assignment that she could not see on the bus because of Ethan. 
Her eyes fell on Ethan when he told her to get in the position. 
She narrowed her brows and averted her eyes from him. “Where is your shirt?” 
“Why do you need my shirt?” 
“Why are you not wearing any?” 
“Don’t be shy. We are here for training only.” He said and smirked at her. 
She wanted to smack on his smirk or throw a few punches on his cheeks continuously. 
“Stop thinking about killing me. I am not training you to apply my skills over me.” 
Her eyes 
widened when he found out her thoughts. 
“What are you? Vampire?” 
“Soon to be head Alpha of the Moonlight Crown pack.” 
She did not argue with him and walked toward him to start the training. She could see Ethan’s eyes; he looked hurt when he said that she was thinking about killing him. 
After two hours of training, Allison took a shower and came out wearing a purple floral dress. 
Ethan looked amazed by looking at her appearance. This was not the dress that she had put on to go to school today. 
He guessed she had taken the dress with her in her bag to wear it after training. 
An expression of enlightenment crawled across his face. She came out of the training hall and was ready to go back home. He walked toward her and stood beside her. 
Her steps halted as she looked at him. He bent down to her ears and whispered, 
“You are beautiful.” 
She blinked a few times. It was her habit whenever she felt puzzled. 
She stepped back and replied, 
“Thanks. But I don’t need your compliment.” 
“Allison, let’s start everything fresh.” 
She looked away from him and said, “Bye, Ethan.” 
She headed outside and hailed a cab to go to her house. 
At night, 
She had her dinner with her parents. When they went to sleep, she took the chance and went out of her house. 
She knew her parents would not let her go out at night to run. But she wanted to shift and run, so she grabbed the opportunity and came out. 
She headed in the direction of the forest area that was just across from her home. She went into the woods for the first time after regaining control of her wolf and shifted at the same 
moment. 
She started to run when the pure white wolf’s paws hit the ground. She felt alive, as if she had been dead all this time. 
As she continued to move forward, the moonlight shone down on her body through the moving leaves of the trees. 
Her ocean blue eyes were so beautiful that any male wolf would want to have her. 
The scent coming from her was something that every male wolf desired. 
Her soft white fur and beautiful body were bliss for the viewers. 
That was why her parents did not want her to go for a run. His father was strict about it. It was impossible for her to go for a run unless she could persuade her father to accompany 
her. 
Allison came to a stop while she was sprinting and looked around. Her wolf was delighted. She had a feeling that she had never been in any kind of pain before. In fact, she felt even more powerful than in the past. 
All of a sudden, the sound of something crunching came to Allison’s ears. Her heart froze up out of sheer terror at the prospect of being killed by a male wolf. 
She did not turn to check behind her and instead leapt to increase her speed. She was well aware that her stride would not help her in escaping the danger. 
She scolded herself mentally for being so foolish as to take the chance. ‘Dad was right. I am sorry, Dad. I didn’t listen to you.‘ In her head, she repeated the phrase to herself. 
After she had run for a while, she was confused as to where she had come. She sensed someone was approaching from behind her. She was able to hear footsteps. 
She howled in fear and started to run again. 
However, someone came from the right side and grabbed her in his arms. 
“Gotcha!” 
She started whimpering in fear and struggling while she was in his arms. She was so frightened that she could not bear to look at the man who held the body of her wolf in his arms and stared at her. 
But, a scent caught her nose, and unknowingly, her wolf became calm. 
She slowly raised her head to see the man. She was shocked when she saw him. 
‘Ryan?‘ She mumbled in her head. 
In his arms, the wolf looked like his pet. His eyes narrowed as he looked at her wolf. 
She glanced around and realized that it was the same place where he had brought her a few days earlier. 
It was his place. 
She was somehow relieved that he had given her permission to come here. But why was he looking at her in such a strange way? 
She recalled that he had mentioned to her this morning that the two of them would keep their distance from each other. 
She closed her eyes and felt embarrassed. She was the one who came back to him. 
He slowly put her down on the ground and looked into her ocean blue eyes with his dark gaze. 
“Who are you, Little Omega?” 
X 
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54
Allison was taken aback by this. Why was he unable to recognize her when he saw her wolf? Then it hit her mind. Only mates could feel each other’s scent as mates. It was different from others‘ normal body odor. 
Allison frowned when she tried to talk with him in mind link but was unable to do so. 
‘What happened to him? Did he shut his mind links for the whole pack? Does he not want to contact anyone here? Not even his parents?‘ 
Ryan’s gaze even deepened. “Do you know this place is restricted from entering? This is my place.” 
She stared at him in her wolf form, totally aware of the fact. 
“I can kill you for your bravery.” 
Her wolf whined as she stepped back. He noticed it and chuckled. 
“But it’s okay. Since you dared to come here, I liked your boldness. You can come here again. 
Allison scoffed inside her head. ‘This playboy! He told me that I was the only one except for him who could be allowed here. But now he has changed his decision? Why? Just because he saw a new girl, I mean, a new girl’s wolf?” 
She was blabbering inside her mind and scolded Ryan. 
She stepped back, but she was stupefied when her wolf took over her and began to go 
to him. 
‘What the hell! Are you trying to seduce him? Hey! Stop it. What are you doing?” She 
chastised her wolf. 
However, the table turned. Now her wolf was the one who shut her mind link with her. 
It looked like her wolf liked Ryan. 
Allison was confused by this situation. 
close 
She let her wolf do whatever she wanted. She did not try to shift since her wolf came back to life from death. 
Ryan let out a chuckle when the white wolf rubbed her body against his chest. She started to 
rub her head under his chin. 
Allison felt strange by her wolf’s actions. If she shifted at this moment, he would be able to see how her entire face was flushed. 
a 
“It seems like you are a naughty wolf.” He whispered in her ear. 
She felt goosebumps all over her body. However, the torture did not stop. He stroked her 
white fur. 
“Follow me. I will show you something.” He said and stood up. He turned around and began 
ahead. 
Allison trailed following him like a shadow. She could sense the joy that her wolf was experiencing. 
Nevertheless, she was also interested in seeing what Ryan would show her. 
Ryan stopped in front of the lake and sat down beside it. He patted the place next to him. 
“Come. Sit here.” 
Allison was amazed by the scenery in front of her. She remembered that Ryan once told her that it looked beautiful at night. He had told her the truth. 
The moon was looking heavenly. Its reflection on the lake’s water looked like paradise. 
‘What a gorgeous view!‘ 
She felt the wind blowing and touched her white fur. She walked to Ryan and sat down beside him. 
She looked at him. But his eyes were on the water. 
“Tell me something about you.” He let out. 
She stared at him and said in her head, though she knew he could not listen to her, 
‘First 
open your mind links, idiot.” 
But he seemed to be looking for an answer from her as he continued to stare at her.. “What? Shift now.” He said to her. 
She wanted to growl at him, but again, her wolf did the opposite thing. 
Instead of growling, she howled. 
It was a howl of sorrow. She looked at the moon and howled for a while. 
After all, each and every one of them was a moonchild. 
Ryan did not say anything again. Because of his silence, her wolf turned to look at him. 
“You are beautiful.” 
His tone was gentle, and he gazed at her carefully the entire time. 
Allison heard the same compliment from Ethan today, but the way Ryan was talking with 
her wolf was new to her. 
He was conversing with her wolf. Surprisingly, her wolf was also listening to him. 
“Teresa was right. He has enough charm to grab any girl’s attention. He even melted my wolf’s heart. Nice, very nice, Ryan Iversen.‘ Allison muttered inside. 
The two of them sat under the moonlight for a long time. 
It looked like a portrait. Under the illuminated moon, there was a man dressed in all black sitting with a wolf that was completely white. 
When Ryan finally spoke out, he broke the silence by saying, 
my wolf.” 
“I can’t shift right now. Otherwise, I will let you meet my 
He winked at her and waited to see her reaction. 
His statement left Allison with a feeling of bewilderment. 
Why could he not shift? Was his wolf okay? 
As if he understood her inner thoughts, he replied, 
“I have my own problems, you know.” 
He turned to look at the water, and his eyes turned dark, which did not escape her 
observation. 
“Many people have the misconception that being careless makes life easier, but this is not the truth. Life is full of surprises. If I had not come back to this pack, I would not have been able to understand it.” 
His words were beyond her senses. Still, she tried to understand him. She thought he was talking about his family. 
His parents and Ethan thought that he was a careless guy, which was true. 
But she knew that Ryan had his own story to become like this. Suddenly, she wanted to learn more about him.. 
Hours passed in silence. Allison did not feel bored. The main reason for going for a run was to let her wolf shift, which she had done properly. 
Her wolf was okay now. She was having her best time outside. 
Since it was already late, Allison stood up. She was anxious that her parents would find out that she had been going out so late at night without telling them. 
Ryan looked at her with a frown. “Are you leaving?” 
Suddenly, her wolf expressed a desire to stay for some time. But Allison could not let her do that. She had to go back. 
She turned around and started to walk. 
“Goodbye, little Omega.” 
She paused for a moment and then turned her head to face him. He gave her a friendly smile. She could not help but wonder if he was like this with all of the girls and their wolves that he came in contact with. 
She was ready to head home but stopped by his voice behind her, 
“You reminded me of someone I know.” 
Her steps halted again. She was hesitant to step forward. She was afraid that he might recognize her. Then she heard him again, 
“Someone who always tries to run away from me but ends up coming back to me.” 
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55
Allison came back home safely and shifted back. The moment she entered her bedroom, she immediately began to reflect on what Ryan had said. 
Was he talking about her? Did they really get close to each other? 
She remembered their meeting at the club when he returned the pack. He was an arrogant boy in her eyes. But now she felt that he had a different side too. 
How did he change her perception of him? 
The next morning, she woke 
up 
late. 
Teresa called her, and she woke up by the call. 
“Allison, where are you?” 
“Teresa, let me sl-” 
“No, I need to tell you something. I’m in school. Hurry up and come to the school.” 
Allison rubbed her eyes and sat up. She checked the time and hurriedly got ready. She could not get proper sleep last night. 
“Allison, first have breakfast.” Joey shouted behind her when she saw her running to the 
main door. 
“No, no. I’m late, Mom. I will have something in the canteen.” 
“Don’t forget to come back early today.” 
“Okay, Mom.” 
Allison hailed a cab to go to school. She had no idea why her mother told her to go back early today, but she would do that since her mother asked for it. 
When she arrived at school, she hurriedly walked to the entrance. 
However, many students stopped her in the middle of the way. 
“Sorry, Allison.” 
“Yeah, we are sorry.” 
“Really, Sorry. We didn’t know about you.” 
She looked at those boys and girls with a frown. 
“Allison” 
She heard Tetesa’s voice. Teresa came into the crowd and grabbed her wrist. She pulled her out of the gathering. 
“What’s happening?” Allison asked her. 
“Let’s go to the class first. We will talk there.” Teresa replied and pulled her to the 
classroom. 
The professor had not entered the classroom yet. It was the She missed two classes. 
third class on their schedule. 
Allison furrowed her brows when all the students looked at her. She could see fear in their 
eyes. 
Allison sat in her seat and asked Teresa, 
“Care to explain?” 
“Someone exposed your identity.” 
“Wait what?” 
“Yeah, now everyone knows that you are Beta Glen’s daughter.” 
Allison glanced at everyone, and all of them still peeked at her as if she were a harmful 
creature. 
“Who did this?” She inquired. 
“I don’t know. But you are a hot topic now.” 
She rolled her eyes. “As if I wasn’t two days ago. You know what? Whoever did this, I should 
thank them now.” 
“So you are okay with it now?” 
“Not okay. But I did not like when everyone talked bullshit about how my upbringing was. They badmouth my parents for letting me go to the pack house for parties.” 
Teresa nodded her head. A smirk shuffled across her face. “Now they will know what they did. They talked about Beta Glen. No one would try to talk now.” 
Allison chuckled and rested her hands on the bench. 
“Why are you in a not so good mood today?” Teresa asked. 
“I went for a run last night.” 
“How is your wolf? Is she okay?” 
Allison thought about what her wolf did last night. Memories came to her mind like a flashback. 
“She did something I had never thought of.” 
“What did she do?” 
“I met Ryan in the forest.” She did not tell her about Ryan’s secret place. 
“Again? Honey, don’t you think you are meeting this guy everywhere?” 
“You think so?” 
“Yeah.” 
“He could not recognize my wolf. So I was silent about it.” 
The professor entered the room, and they stopped chatting. 
Teresa suddenly spoke out, 
“Allison, don’t you think Ryan is strange?” 
“Huh? Strange?” 
“Yeah, I mean, from what I’ve heard from you about him, he is not a bad guy. But he forcibly created a negative image of him.” 
Allison gave it some thought. Teresa was right. Why was Ryan doing that? She was confused about one thing. 
‘Why are he and his family so distant from each other? What is the reason?‘ She thought. 
“Where are you lost?” 
She came out of her thoughts by Teresa. “Nothing. Just thinking about what you’ve said.” 
“What about your Ethan?” 
“M–My Ethan? Hey! What are you saying?” 
Teresa chuckled but stopped when she saw the professor taking glances at them. They did 
not want to take any detention. 
After all the classes, Allison thought of going home directly. But Teresa dragged her to the cafeteria to have lunch with her. 
Allison sat at the table, and Teresa went to order for them. 
Allison could hear others mumbling about her. Before today, no one was aware of the fact that she was their Beta’s daughter. 
“Thinking about something?” 
She heard a voice and turned her head.. 
Ethan smiled at her and pulled out a chair to sit beside her. 
“Hi.” He greeted her. 
“Hmm.” 
She let out a sigh and looked down at her hand. 
“Are you upset?” He asked. 
“Why would I?” 
“Everyone knows about you now. 
She lifted her head and looked at him. “Did you do that?” 
“No, I wasn’t the one who did it.” 
“Then who was it?” 
While he was looking at her, he placed his elbows up on the table and leaned his chin into the palm of his hand. 
“Who knows? It must have been any girl who felt jealous of your beauty, so she searched for you and found out about it.” 
She looked at others who were looking at them now. Teresa’s jaw dropped as she fixed her eyes on them from afar. 
Allison looked away and scoffed at Ethan. “You start to flirt with me now.” 
“What can I do? No matter what, you won’t accept me. I am feeling abandoned.” 
She averted her gaze from him. “Stop being silly. I told you. I don’t love you anymore, Ethan. 
H 
He sat straight and looked at her intensely. 
“I know your heart is still beating for me. Stop lying to yourself, Allison.” 
She turned her head toward him, looking into his eyes. 
She could see how desperate those eyes were. When she heard someone clear her throat, she quickly averted her gaze away from them. 
Teresa flashed a friendly smile at Ethan. 
“During the downtime in the training, you can converse with her. This is the time that I get. to spend with my best friend.” 
Ethan got to his feet and said, 
“Sure, I just came to talk with her about tonight’s pack party.” 
Allison frowned, “Pack party?” 
Ethan nodded his head. 
“It’s Mom’s birthday. Uncle Glen told me that you are going to be there with them tonight.” 
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56
“Oh, it’s Luna Ella’s birthday.” Allison mumbled. 
Ethan nodded his head. “Yeah. I wanted to come ask if you could assist me in choosing some presents for my mother.” 
Teresa was standing there, feeling awkward. She felt she was disturbing their conversation. 
“Well, we were about to have our lunch.” She let out to Ethan. 
“Yeah, sure, you can both have lunch, I can wait for Allison outside.” Ethan said to Teresa and turned to Allison. 
Allison was too perplexed to say anything. She could not refuse to help Ethan. She should also buy something for Luna Ella, so she agreed. 
“Okay, wait for me. I am coming after lunch.” 
Ethan left the cafeteria. Teresa sat down on the chair and raised a brow. 
“What?” Allison asked. 
“You agreed to go with him.” 
“Yeah. I thought I should buy something for his mother too. She is a sweet person.” 
“Are you sure you 
don’t have any soft spots for him?” 
“What? Why did you ask that?” 
“Because you could have disagreed. But you could not refuse him. You tried to stay away, but he always comes to you to melt you again.” 
Allison looked away. “I don’t want to fall for him again, Teresa. 
Teresa patted her head. “Don’t take any pressure, and do whatever your heart says. If you still like him, then give him a chance and stop worrying too much.” 
Allison looked at her with a surprised face. “Giving him a chance? No way.” 
Teresa chuckled. “You have to set up your mind. I can see a lot of confusion in your behavior. One time you were fighting with his brother, and then you went to explain the relationship between him and you to him. The next time he comes to you to melt your heart, your soft heart starts to beat faster for him.‘ 
Allison blinked. “Why did you take Ryan here? He has nothing to do with it.” 
“Allison, these two brothers really made you the center of attention.” 
Allison massaged her forehead. “My father is their father’s beta and best friend. That is the main problem here. 
Even if I try, I can’t ignore them. I have to see them at every party. I have to attend every get together even though I don’t want to.” 
Teresa observed her and asked, 
“What about you and Ryan?” 
Hearing his name, she looked down on her food. She was stirring her food with a spoon. 
“Ryan is different. I like his company, but it is risky. My father does not like him much. So he always told me to stay far away from him.” 
“I asked about 
out you, not you 
you, not your father.” 
Allison looked at her. “Me? What about me?” 
“What do you feel, Allison?” 
She smiled awkwardly. “What are you saying, Teresa? You know me.” 
“That’s why I am asking.” 
“We could be good friends. But his mentality is different. He does not like to make friends. with girls. Who does that?” 
“Then what does he do?” 
“What?” 
“He does not make friends with girls. Then what does he want from you?” 
“I don’t know. I told him that I was not one of his side chicks. So he should maintain some distance, and he approved my request. He told me that we should do that.” 
“So now, you two are anti–parties.” 
Allison laughed, and Teresa joined her. They talked for a while. 
After having lunch, they left the cafeteria and headed outside. 
They saw Ethan leaning on his car and talking with Wade. When he saw Allison, he stood 
straight. 
“Bye. Take care of yourself. And…” Teresa paused and went close to Allison’s ear. 
“This boy is crazy over you now. So be careful. Because what if I saw a post tomorrow about my best friend waking up in the pack house with our future Alpha Ethan Iversen?” 
“What the hell!” Allison yelled out, which made others look at her. 
She hit Teresa’s arm. Teresa laughed hard. “Okay, okay. I was just kidding. Go now. See you tomorrow.” 
Allison gave an angry nod and walked to Ethan. 
Ethan opened the door for her, and she got in the car. 
Everyone was watching them. But no one dared to talk about Allison today. Because they knew she had a high profile. She was not an ordinary girl but the pack’s beta’s daughter. Her father was the second in command in the pack, who could cut off their father’s necks in a second. 
Ethan started the car. The car ride was silent. He kept glancing at her from time to time. 
“You yelled at your friend. What happened?” He spoke out. 
“She said something impossible. That’s why.” She replied coldly. 
“Okay.” Ethan replied. He understood that it was his time to take her cold attitude since he had done so wrong with her. 
“Mom is very excited for her birthday. She even called me and told me to come home early.” 
“She is the sweetest person.” 
“Yeah. She is very nice. She is the best mom in the world.” Ethan replied with a smile 
Allison noticed his smile. She knew Luna Ella was not his biological mother, but his smile. said how much he loved her. That woman really showed her motherly affection to him from childhood, which was why today he loved her so much. 
They reached a shopping mall. They got out of the car and entered the mall. 
Ethan took her to a jewelry showroom. Allison helped him with a beautiful necklace. 
“It’s beautiful. You can buy it.” 
“What about this bracelet?” Ethan asked. 
“Oh, it’s so pretty.” She let out. 
It was a two chained bracelet with a flower petal hanging. 
“Do you like it?” 
“Yeah. You can give her this too.” 
“Hmm. 
He told the staff to pack the two things and then he paid for them. 
Allison also bought a pair of earrings from that store. Though that store was pricey, she had 
so she her father’s credit card. She did not like to spend much. But it’s about Luna Ella, excitedly picked up a pair of small, beautiful earrings. 
They exited the shopping mall and returned to the car. 
There was a restaurant in the vicinity of the shopping mall. Allison’s eyes swiftly turned to the restaurant as soon as Ethan began the car. 
“What are they doing together?” She remarked as she gazed at the two people who were seated next to the window. 
Ryan was sitting there with Ethan’s ex–girlfriend. 
“Who cares?” Ethan responded and started driving. 
Allison tilted her head to the side in order to have a better view of them as the car 
accelerated. 
“Hey! Julie is crying.” 
“So?” Ethan asked, unbothered. 
She turned to him. “She is your ex. You were in a relationship with her two months ago. Remember how you told me in front of everyone that she was the only one that mattered in your eyes?” 
Ethan replied with an upset tone, 
“I lied. I was not in a relationship with her. Our patch–up was just acting to show you. I never loved her.” 
She was stunned. “You did what?” 
He gave a slight nod of the head before replying, “Every time you were hurt, I felt that too. 
Even if I was hurt in a fight, when you got pushed, I came running to you. Because you were always in my heart.” 1 
Allison tightened her fists to calm her heart. She did not want to listen to him. She did not want to fall for him once again. But he did not stop talking and continued, 
“My eyes were always on you. I was just trying to avoid the truth and cover up how I really felt to myself by running away from it. 
I have always loved you, Allison.” 
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57
Everyone was getting ready for tonight’s party. 
Allison looked at herself in the mirror. She was wearing a long white dress with a white pearl necklace. 
White was Luna Ella’s favorite color. So tonight’s party theme was white. 
Allison went downstairs. Her parents were waiting for her. 
“You are looking so beautiful.” Her mother praised her. 
Her father patted her head. “Let’s go. We are getting late.” 
They made their way to their car and then drove off in the direction of the pack house. 
Allison looked outside the window. Today, she heard many things from Ethan. He patched up Julie after the rejection because he wanted her to move on, but then realized that he had feelings for her. So now he wanted her back in his life. 
‘It is not easy to love someone and then, all of a sudden, forget about that person.‘ She thought about herself while her eyes were fixed on the sky. 
The car stopped in front of the pack house. 
She got out of the car with her parents. So many cars were parked outside. Guests were outside too. 
They entered the pack house and looked for Alpha and Luna. 
“Happy birthday.” Joey said and hugged Luna Ella. Glen also greeted her. 
Luna Ella looked very happy. “Thanks, Joey and Glen.” 
“Happy Birthday, Luna.” Allison greeted her. 
“Thanks a lot, dear. Come here.” 
Allison walked to her, and she pulled her into a hug. 
Allison gave a warm smile before returning the hug. She then presented the gift that she had purchased for her today. 
“You did not have to give me any presents.” 
“No, it’s from my heart. Take it, please.” 
Luna Ella took her presents. Alpha Neil was beside her all the time. 
“Glen, our children have grown up.” 
“Yeah, Alpha.” 
They chuckled and talked to each other. 
Allison’s eyes roamed around the party. She walked to a corner and stood there. She saw Sophia. Of course, she would attend the party. Her father was the delta of this pack 
Sophia glanced at her and came to her. “How are you?” 
“Fine. What about you?” Allison asked. 
“Not so bad. I heard you are into the Iversen brothers.” 
“What?” 
“Why are you reacting like you haven’t done anything? I saw the post. You are into Ryan 
now.” 
Allison rolled her eyes. “So what if I am into him? What will you do?” 
“You! I will tell your father about it.” 
Allison laughed when she heard that. She knew Sophia would not dare to do that. 
“Listen, Sophia. I can’t remember if we have had any fights. So why have you become my enemy? You were good a few days ago too.” 
“No. I had no problem with you because I hadn’t seen Ryan at that time. Now my eyes shifted from Ethan to Ryan. I want to make him fall for me.” 
“You should try. Why are you bothering me?” 
“Because you are always with him.” 
“You are very funny. I am not with him. You can try. Best of luck. I have no interest in anyone. I am happily single.” 
Sophia regarded her with a frown. She had come here to warn her, but Allison completely changed the dynamic by suggesting that she could have Ryan instead. 
“If you don’t give a damn about it, then it’s all right. Don’t come on my way. 
After giving her a warning, Sophia parted ways with her. 
Allison had a sense of boredom. She was taken aback by the fact that women desired Ryan despite their awareness of the fact that he was a playboy. Why? 
Her gaze eventually fell on Ethan. From where he was standing with his parents, he gave her a friendly wave. He was urging her to join them in where they were. 
After walking to him, Allison stood next to him and his parents. 
“Mom, Allison was a big help in picking out the present.” 
“Really?” 
Allison smiled and nodded at her in acknowledgement. Additionally, her parents were present. They showed a look of surprise yet smiled at her nonetheless. 
The sparkle of the necklace made Luna Ella’s eyes shine brighter than ever before. 
“Wonderful! such a stunning piece of jewelry.” Luna Ella appreciated the choice. 
“You’re welcome, Mom. Allison deserves all of the credit.” 
“No, no, he wanted to buy, so all I did was help him out,” she said. 
“Thank you to you both.” Luna Ella smiled. 
“Impressive. My son, you should go out with her more. Your choice is getting better by staying beside her.” 
“I will, Dad, If Beta Glen doesn’t have any problem with me.” 
“What problem? No, I don’t have any problems. You are our future Alpha. If she stays close to you, she will learn many things.” Beta Glen said. 
Ethan looked at Allison. She averted her gaze from everyone and lowered her head in embarrassment. 
‘Where is the conversation going? I just helped him in choosing gifts.‘ She thought. 
Everyone was busy talking. Other officials‘ families also joined them. 
A woman with black curly hair entered the pack house. She looked to be in her early fifties. 
Everyone became silent when they saw her. 
Alpha Neil smiled brightly. 
“Georgiana” 
e walked to Alpha Neil, other officials 
– Deta Glen was there with his family because they were not 
5 Iamily but also family friends. 
“Neil, how are you?” The woman named Georgiana asked. 
Allison assumed that she might be someone really important. Who else would have the audacity to address Alpha Neil by his name? 
“Fine. I can’t believe you came back” 
“Why would I not come? It’s our Luna’s birthday.” She said and turned her head to Luna Ella. 
Luna Ella gave her a friendly grin and nodded in response. “It gives me great joy that you came to my birthday celebration so that you can bless me,” 
“Luna, long live.” 
The woman looked at Ethan. “Future Alpha, how are you preparing?” 
“All good.” 
“You will be a good Alpha in the future.” She replied with an impressed voice. 
Allison could see the pride in Alpha Neil’s eyes and the adoration in Luna Ella’s eyes when Ethan was talking with that woman, 
When the woman was talking with Allison’s parents, they introduced her to that woman. 
“This is my daughter.” Beta Glen said and turned to Allison. 
“Allison, She is Georgiana. Our old friend. She is not an ordinary person. She is a very powerful witch. She likes to explore her abilities. Because of this, she spent the majority of her life living apart from the pack.” 
Allison smiled at Georgiana but was startled when she frowned at her. 
“What happened, Georgiana?” Joey asked. 
Georgiana shook her head and calmed her expression. 
“Your daughter is gorgeous.” 
Allison’s parents smiled at each other when Georgiana praised their daughter. 
At that time, Ryan entered the pack house. Luna Ella caught a glimpse of him and called him. 
“Ryan” 
+15 +15 BONUS 
Ryan looked at her and the others, then walked to them. 
Allison thought he was in his room, but he was actually outside. 
‘Was he with Julie all this time?‘ She thought. 
Her gaze wandered to the clothes he wore. 
He was dressed in black pants with a white shirt over top. He folded his sleeves like a gentleman. He looked stunning. 
Allison suddenly became aware of what she had been thinking, at which point she diverted. her look from him. 
However, her eyes fell on Georgiana. When Ryan stopped in front of them, Georgiana almost took a step back. Her eyes widened, and she looked frightened. 
Allison narrowed her eyes and thought, 
‘What’s wrong with this woman?‘ 
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58
“This is Ryan, my younger son.” 
Luna Ella introduced Ryan to Georgiana. 
Allison gave a brief peek in the direction of Ryan. Surprisingly, he was staring intently at Georgiana the whole time. 
He slightly shook his head at Georgiana. 
If Allison did not look at him carefully, she could not see his little move. 
“N–Nice to meet you, Al-” 
“Ryan” 
His cold voice made Alpha Neil frown at him. 
“Talk to her nicely. Stop being a brat. She is a powerful lady.” 
“No no. It’s okay, Neil.” Georgiana said immediately. 
Allison felt that she was defending Ryan. But Ryan was calm as usual. His father’s tone did not bother him at all. 
“He was abroad all this time. He recently came back for his brother’s coronation.” Luna Ella said to Georgiana. 
Ryan scoffed when he heard that. “Excuse me? I didn’t come here for him. I came here because Alpha Neil told me that I could leave this pack forever after his son takes over his pack.” 
“Ryan! Shut your mouth.” Alpha Neil scolded him while glancing at others. 
Though the other guests were a little far from them, they surely heard Ryan’s words. 
Allison stared at Ryan. Since the time he stepped foot into the pack house, he had completely ignored her, he had never given her a glance. 
She somehow felt upset. ‘Did he take my words to heart and get angry with me?‘ She thought about how he told her that they should stay away because she wanted that. 
She felt a hand grab hers. She looked at her hand and saw Ethan holding it. 
“Let’s go to that side and let the elders talk to each other.” Ethan suggested. 
She glanced at Ryan, who was looking at his mother. 
“Okay.” Then After that, Allison and Ethan took a leisurely stroll to the opposite side. 
They made themselves comfortable on the couch and had one of the waiters bring them drink 
“How is your wolf doing?” 
“Fine.” 
“I am happy that you helped me today. Mom liked it. Thank you.” 
“You have already thanked me. By the way, you bought that bracelet too. Why didn’t you give it to her?” 
“Ah, that’s…” He paused and rubbed his neck. 
“What?” 
“I will give it to her later.” He replied and looked away from her. 
The party was running for hours. Luna Ella cut the cake, and everyone wished her luck. After that, everyone started to be busy having food and drinks again. 
On the other hand, in a room, 
A woman was standing at the door, looking at a young man smoking. He was gazing out the window at the scenery. 
“I find it hard to believe that you are in this pack.” Georgiana spoke out. 
“I don’t even believe it myself.” Ryan chuckled as he puffed on the cigarette. 
Georgiana stepped towards him and stood beside him. 
“Alpha, why didn’t you tell me that you are Neil’s son?” 
“Tsk! Stop calling me that, Georgiana. Call me by my name.” 
“How can I?” 
“This is not your coven but my father’s pack. I don’t want any drama here.” He said and turned his head to her. 
She stepped back. “Y–You haven’t told anyone about you yet.” 
“Why would I? It’s none of their business.” 
“What about that gir-” 
Ryan did not let her complete her sentence. He grabbed her throat and growled at her. 
“Stay away from her. She has nothing to do with anything.” 
“I–I wasn’t d–do…” She patted his arm, but his grip only tightened. 
Her black eyes turned green, and she grabbed his wrist. 
He chuckled. “Same trick, not bad.” 
He released his grip on her throat and retreated. 
“You are improving in strength each and every day. Not bad, Georgiana.” 
The woman appeared to be having trouble breathing as she glanced at him. 
“You can take over this-” 
“Shut up. I am not here for this. I have many other things to do, and you know that.” He replied and turned to the window again. 
“Anyway, I am here to enjoy my vacation.” He muttered. 
“Your brother. He is capable of running this pack.” 
“I know.” 
“Then let’s go back. Ethan is here to handle everything. I have been seeing him since his childhood. He is doing fine.” 
“Sure he is.” 
“Why don’t you go back?” she asked with a nervous tone. 
Ryan threw the bud of the cigarette and turned to face her. 
“How is she?” 
Georgiana’s eyes turned glossy. She lowered her head and replied, 
“She is getting better. She is only asking about you.” 
“Why don’t you tell her who I am? Perhaps after that, she will be able to make up her mind?” 
“I know her. She would still want you.” 
“Why are you crying? Did I grab your neck that hard?” 
“No, I am worrying about her.” She replied and looked at him. 
“She will be fine.” He assured her. 
She nodded her head. “Thank you for what you have done for her. I am grateful to you.” 
Ryan scoffed at her. “Stop being dramatic and emotional. I don’t have any place for emotions.” 
She nodded at him. “Then I’m leaving. We will meet soon if you stay here.” 
“I will take time here. Something caught my eye. So I want to stay a little while.” 
As if she understood what he was talking about, she let out, 
“She is innocent, but she has feelings for you.” 
His eyes were filled with amazement. “I know.” 
Georgiana turned around but was stunned. 
“You?” 
Ryan did not turn his head to see who had come to his room. 
Allison stared at Georgiana. She came upstairs to go to the washroom, but when she walked to the hallway, her eyes fell on Ryan’s room. She did not know why, but she came here to check 
She overheard Georgiana having a conversation with him about feelings of another person 
for him. 
“Leave.” Ryan spoke out. 
She thought he told her to leave, but he turned to her and said, 
“Not you.” 
Allison glanced at Georgiana. She looked at Ryan and shifted her eyes to her. Then she left 
the room. 
Allison looked at Ryan and asked, 
“I saw what you did downstairs. What are you hiding, Ryan?” 
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59
“Really? What did you see? What did I do?” Ryan asked her. 
Allison frowned at him. “I saw that you were shaking your head, trying to tell her something. And she also looked strange as if she knew you.” 
He stared at her for a while. 
“Why are you silent?” 
“You caught me. I’m impressed.” 
Allison rolled her eyes. “I’m not here to impress you. I heard what she had said to you.” 
His eyes became dark when he heard her. She felt nervous under his gaze. 
“What did you hear?” He asked and stepped towards her. 
She unknowingly stepped back, but Ryan grabbed her hand and closed the door. 
“What are you doing?” She was startled. 
He turned to her and glared at her. 
“Spill out. What did you hear?” 
His cold gaze made her heart shake a little. She looked away from him. He had never looked at her like this before. 
She stepped back, and her back pressed against the wall beside the door. 
He stared at her. 
“Now why are you crying?” 
She realized that tears were dripping out of her eyes. She yanked her hand from his grip and wiped her tears. “I’m not.” She mumbled. 
ta 
He let out a sigh and cleared his throat. 
“Allison” 
She shook her head. “I heard she said to you about something like someone has feelings for you.” 
His frowning face turned calm. He thought she had heard the whole conversation, but she 
only heard the last sentence. 
“Look, baby. I’m sorry. I scared you.” His voice turned soft. 
She lifted her head to look at him. “Who was she talking about?” She inquired. 
She wanted to know the answer. She did not know when she started to intervene in others‘ personal matters. 
“Why do you want to know?” 
“I’m just curious.” 
He lowered his head and came close to her face. Then he whispered in her ear, 
“She was talking about her daughter.” 
Her eyes widened. “D–Daughter?” 
“Yeah. Her daughter is madly in love with me. That’s why, when she looked at me, she was shocked. Because she knew me.” 
When he moved his head to look at her, she was lost in thought. 
“Her daughter? Is she also a witch?” 
“Yes. A very powerful one. 
“Where is she?” 
“In their coven.” 
“How did you meet her?” 
“Outside. I have known her for a long time. We were friends. Then something happened, and 
I had to help her with something. Maybe she took it to heart and fell for me. You know no one can resist me.” He replied while smirking. 
“So you 
also-” 
“Oh, no way. I am not the kind of guy who believes in love. I only f-” 
“I don’t want to know.” She said hurriedly to stop him. 
He chuckled at her. He patted her hair. “You are cute.” 
She felt his warmth when he touched her hair. She stared at him. Her eyes scanned his facial features. 
His ethereal, handsome face might be the main reason he could grab other girls‘ hearts. 
Suddenly, she remembered that she saw him today with Julie. 
She pushed his hand away from her head. “I saw you today.” 
“We are in the same school. It’s normal to see me every day.” 
“No, I saw you with Julie.” 
“What were you doing there?” 
“I went to the shopping mall with Ethan to buy some presents for Luna Ella.” 
He moved away from her. “Now you start to go out with him. Great.‘ 
She tried to understand his reaction. She shook her head. “No, it’s not like that.” 
She did not know why she wanted to explain it to him. 
“Then what is it like?” He asked and stepped towards her once again. 
“Don’t try to change the topic, Ryan. What were you doing with Julie?” 
He smirked at her. “Why are you so desperate to know?” 
“I am not desperate. I saw her crying. What did you do to her?” 
He narrowed his eyes. “What can I do to her?” 
“Did you do something dirty to her?” She asked him with a low tone. 
His face turned grim. He looked fierce. “You think of me like that? Of course, you do. Why am I even asking?” 
Allison wanted to know the answer, but he continuously changed her question. 
“Can you 
“No.” 
“Why?” 
tell me?” 
“Why would I tell you what I did with her?” 
Allison got mad at him. She was not aware of why she was getting angry at him. 
“Fine. Don’t tell me. Do whatever you want with girls.” 
She turned to the door and was about to open it, but Ryan stopped her by pulling her wrist. 
He pulled her to him, and her body collided with his. She looked at him with wide eyes. 
“I have nothing to do with her. She tried to mess with me, and I did not like it.” 
“What did you do?” She mumbled. 
“I made her drop out of school.” 
She gasped. “Why did you do that?” 
“She tried to damage someone’s image, so I tried to destroy her life. Simple.” 
She realized something. “She posted those photos of me and you?” 
“Not only that. She even bought a few fake accounts to constantly humiliate you in the comments. She spread a few fake rumors about you and other boys too.” 
She felt terrified. “Why did she do that? I have never done wrong to her.” She muttered and 
lowered her head. 
“Don’t worry. I made everything right.” 
She glanced at him. “Did you spread that news about my identity?” 
“Yeah. You should be confident about who you are.” 
“Okay. But I want to ask you something.” 
“What?” 
“What happens to your wolf?” 
His caring appearance changed in a second. He let go of her hand and replied, 
“Why did you ask that?” 
“I have never seen you talking with someone in mind links.” 
He was silent, so she put her hand on his shoulder and asked, 
“Ryan, is your wolf okay?” 
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60
Ryan touched her hand, which rested on his shoulder, and smiled at her. 
“You are thinking too much. I try to avoid making contact with my pack members because I am not one of their permanent fellows.” 
Allison did not like his answer. Something inside her heart was telling her that he was hiding something. 
“If you want to share anything with anyone, you can come to me, okay?” 
“Really? What has changed your mind so suddenly? Because what I remember is that you wanted to keep your 
distance.” 
She was taken aback. She pulled her hand from her grip. 
He was so right. She was the one who wanted that. However, at this point, why did she want him to approach her? Why did she encourage him to talk about his suffering with her? 
She blinked a few times and took a deep breath. 
“I–I think I should g- 
“Hey, relax. I will not eat you alive.” 
“I should go. My parents are waiting for me downstairs.” 
She grabbed the doorknob and was about to twist it but she heard him behind her, 
“I told you that I wouldn’t force you to meet me again. But you came to me by your choice. Now you can’t stop me from coming after you.” 
She turned her head and asked, 
“W–What?” 
He chuckled and shook her head. “Stay away from Ethan. I don’t like it when you get close to 
him.” 
She was stunned. Where did it come from? 
“Why?” she asked. 
He stepped close to her and stood behind her. She turned her head to face the door. She was waiting for his answer. 
His fingers moved very gently as it moved her hair away from her neck. She sensed his 
finger brushing against her neck. She squeezed her eyes shut and inhaled deeply as she tried to cope with the sensation. 
He rested his head on her shoulder and whispered in her ear, 
“I’m afraid that you will run away if you get to know my intentions towards you.” “W–What?” She mumbled, but she let out a gasp as soon as she felt his lips on her neck. 
As if she were possessed by him, she could not move a little. His lips felt heavenly on her neck. She wanted to embrace the feelings and almost forget the rest of the world. 
His arms wrapped around her waist and pulled her back to him. 
He nuzzled his nose against her neck, and she hissed. 
He was observing her response at that moment. She had her eyes closed. She was feeling what he was doing to her. 
“How obedient you are!” He muttered. 
She opened her eyes as soon as she heard him. She was unable to move her head in his direction. Before that, his lips continued their assault on her neck. 
These types of things were new to her. Because she had spent her entire life loving Ethan, she had never been in a relationship. She had never been kissed, hugged, or had anything physical done to her, so she had no idea how it felt to have someone touch her. 
“You are not the only person who wants to learn from me.” 
His voice made her move a little. She felt hurt when she heard that she was not the only one. 
She grabbed his hand to shove him while trying to free herself so that she might escape. 
But his next sentence paused her. 
“But you have to earn my trust. I will make you my secret keeper.” 
She turned to him. She forgot that his head was close to her face. So when she turned, her nose brushed against his. 
She moved back, and her body pressed against the door. 
No matter how hard she tried to leave this room, he was able to prevent her from doing so, and now she had the urge to stay here for a long time. 
He pressed his hands on both sides of her head and caged her between his arms. 
She only gave him an innocent glance. “Ryan, what we are doing is not right,” she said. 
“That’s not a bad idea, baby. You are no longer a child, are you?” 
“I am not that type of girl you are thinking of.” 
“What type of girl are you talking about?” 
“Y–Your o–one night stands.” She replied and looked away. 
He grabbed her chin and forced her to look at him. “You are in a very high position in my eyes. It doesn’t matter how much I try, I just can’t picture you being in their shoes.” 
His words melted her heart. She felt him telling her the truth. His every word touched her 
heart. 
She did not know what was happening to her. She also wanted to stay close with this boy. “How can I earn your trust?” She questioned and was astounded by her own query. 
He smirked and replied, 
“I want your heart, which belongs to someone else.” 
She was startled. “M–My heart?” 
It was only Ethan, who could create a place in her heart. Though she had moved on, she did not know if she could give it to someone else either. 
He leaned on her face, and his nose brushed her cheek. “Are you willing to give it to me?” 
Her heart started to beat fast. Her cheeks turned red. In a few weeks, they got so close. She had never imagined that she would be this close to him. 
“Don’t worry, take your time. Just don’t accept anyone other than me in your heart.” 
His words skimmed her heart. Was Teresa talking about this? Was he possessing her with his 
charms? 
His fingers caressed her chin. He looked at her, and then his gaze dropped to her lips. 
She stared into his eyes. She was feeling shy. His scent enveloped her completely. 
“Do you know why I stopped going out with girls?” 
“Because I told you to wait for your mate?” She whispered as her breath touched his lips. 
She was seeing a different Ryan. The Ryan she knew never looked so severe. He was a fun loving guy who behaved childishly around her and sometimes behaved coldly in anger. 
But the Ryan in front of her, was someone else she had never met. His aura was different; his talking style was different. He was a whole different person. 
“No. Because I want to make you mine.” 
Her breath caught as she heard his response. 
He wanted to make her his? He said this in the club too. Was he kidding with her again? He was playing a joke on her, wasn’t he? 
Though she knew he was a playboy and not trustworthy, her heart still wanted to trust him for once. Though everyone, including her father, warned her to stay away from him, she still got close to him. 
He cupped her face and let out, 
“You are so fragile to me that I am even afraid to let you enter my den.” 
www 
+
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61
His words were beyond her understanding. She stared into his eyes. His lips slowly touched her cheek. She closed her eyes as she knew what was coming after that. 
He leaned in to kiss her lips, but as he was about to touch her lips, someone knocked on the 
door. 
Her eyes flung open, and she pushed him. 
“Ryan, what are you doing in your room? Let’s have dinner together.” 
Luna Ella’s voice came from out of the door. Allison’s eyes widened. She looked around to hide herself. 
“Tsk! Mom, bad timing.” He roared. 
Allison looked at him. “What am I going to do now?” She asked in a whisper. 
“What? Stay here.” 
“No, she will see me. 
“So?” 
“I don’t want her to see me here.” 
Ryan stared at her. His mother kept banging on the door like some disaster had come to 
their house. 
“Stay behind the door.” He said, and she moved from the door. 
Ryan opened the door, and his mother was about to come, but he stopped her. 
“Where are you coming?” 
“My son, 
where are your manners? Will you 
behave with your mother like this?” 
“No, Mom. My room is just a little of a mess.” 
She tried to peek inside his room. “Is there a girl inside? Ryan, I told you, you can’t make house dirty by taking your girls here.” 
“What? No, Mom.” 
“What no? Every night, you return with different girls. You know how your father is.” 
my 
Ryan glanced at Allison, who was listening to their conversation while lowering her head. She was looking down. 
“Mom, that’s a matter of the past. I don’t bring any girls to your house now.” 
“My son, I know you are up to something. That’s why you are quiet. It’s the silence before the storm. Did you fancy a new girl? After that, you will again start to do the same things.” 
“Done?” He asked while rolling his eyes. 
His mother cupped his cheeks. “Ryan, you should stop everything and join your brother. Can’t you see how much he is trying to support your father? Why don’t you assist him? Your father will be happy if his two sons stay here and support him.” 
“Excuse me? Did you just say I should assist Ethan?” 
“What’s wrong with that? He is your big brother. He is more capable than you. He can teach you everything in a few months. Then you two can rule the pack together. He is my son, too. I can’t take away his Alpha’s position from him. But you can at least be with me and stay with us together. He would love that too.” 
His eyes turned dark. He yanked her hands from his cheeks and replied, 
“All of your lives, you two only think about him.” 
“Stop talking like this. We wanted you to be a better person; that’s why your father sent you 
outside.” 
“I don’t want to talk about it anymore. And you can have dinner with your eldest son. Happy birthday, Luna.” He said and shut the door in his mother’s face. 
“Ryan, you should listen to us. Stop roaming around and focus on your life. We all only want your good.” 
His mother yelled from outside. 
Allison was still staring at the floor. Luna Ella’s words hit her mind. 
She said he was taking a fancy to a girl, and once he got her, he would again start to hang around with other girls. 
Allison felt she was foolish, who went out to search for love again. She should have 
controlled her heart. 
“Why are you silent?” He asked her. He could see her calm reaction. It was not the same reaction when he opened the door. 
He raised his brows when she did not reply to him. 
“Wait a minute. Are you thinking about what she has said about girls?” 
Allison slowly lifted her head and looked at him. 
Her eyes were red and glossy. 
It turned his face grim. He nodded his head and opened the door. 
“You can leave now. I can read your mind. If you think I am not trustworthy, that’s your opinion. I can’t change it.” 
She bit her bottom lip and looked away from him. She went out of the door and stood without turning around, 
“Your parents want good things for you. Try to talk to them calmly.” 
She heard the loud noise of the door shutting. He did not want to listen to her. 
She wiped her tears when she felt her wet cheeks. She ran downstairs and tried to find her parents. She wanted to leave the pack house right now. 
Her mother saw her and held her wrist. 
“Where were you? We were searching for you. Let’s have dinner. Alpha and Luna are waiting. 
Before she could deny it, her mother dragged her to the dining room. 
She could see that other guests had left the party. The party had ended. So now only family members would have lunch together. 
She entered the dining room and sat on a chair. Unexpectedly, her seat was beside Ethan. 
“Finally, the family is complete. Let’s start our dinner peacefully.” Alpha Neil spoke out. 
Allison glanced at him. How could he say that? Ryan was not at the table. The family was not completed yet. 
Ethan noticed her expression. He whispered to her, 
“What happened?” 
She shook her head and focused on her plate. Her mind was messed up. She could still feel Ryan’s lips on her neck and cheek. 
She wanted to trust him, but his mother’s words were also true. 
What if he wants to play with her? 
‘He himself told me that he did not believe in love. It’s not like I have any feelings for him. But I was about to try to open my heart.‘ She thought. 
“I was thinking about finding the best girl for Ethan. What are your thoughts about it, Allison?” Alpha Neil asked her. 
She looked at him and then at Ethan. She cleared her throat. 
“He needs a high ranked she–wolf who can support him and rule the pack equally with him.” 
Her answers made others silent. She glanced at everyone and asked, 
“Did I say anything wrong?” 
Luna Ella shook her head and replied with a smile, 
“I believe an Omega can also run the pack. My son is capable of fighting alone in any war. He doesn’t need a high ranked Luna to win any other pack.” 
“Oh.” 
Allison muttered and looked away from her. She did not want to be a part of that 
conversation because her mind was somewhere else. 
Ethan was staring at her, which did not go unnoticed by everyone. He replied with a confident tone, 
“I have an omega in my eyes, Mom. I believe she will be able to handle me and my pack together.” 
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62
In the next few weeks, 
Allison focused on her studies. She tried to forget everything and concentrate on her 
semester. 
But it was not easy to forget everything because she was zoning out inside her heart. She was unable to get Ryan out of her head. She could not speak to Teresa about him either. She knew that everyone would only warn her about him. 
‘Are you 
you willing to give me your heart?‘ 
His words wandered through her mind every day. 
She encountered him in classes before the exam week, but he always avoided her, and she tried to do the same. She had also not heard anything about him going out with other girls. 
In spite of her exams, she had to go to training. It was also compulsory. She met Ethan daily. He showed her how he had changed for her. He asked her daily about her feelings until yesterday. 
He said he would ask her again, and if she answered no that time, he would never ask her about giving him a chance. 
Allison knew her own answer. She would never give him another chance. She thought that she had lost all of her feelings for him. 
s her last exam. 
Today was her last exam. 
She was relieved that her exams had gone well. It was midterm, and it would have a significant impact on her final grade, so she had to give it her all. 
She went out with Teresa in the entrance area. 
“Your lover boy is waiting for you. Bye, Honey.” Teresa winked at her and teased her. 
Allison had never taken her jokes seriously. She bid goodbye to her and headed to Ethan’s 
car. 
He was waiting for her to take her to the pack house for training. 
When she got in the car, he asked her, 
“How was your exam?” 
“Good. What about yours?” 
“Just fine. Time is ticking. Only half of the year left for my graduation.” 
“Are you nervous about it?” She asked. 
“Not nervous. My life will be changed after graduation. I will have to take on the responsibilities of Alpha after a year. So I need to cope with it soon. Maybe I can’t live like this again.” 
Allison stared at Ethan. She knew his struggle since she spent all of her life observing him. 
She patted his shoulder, and he looked at her. 
“You will be a good Alpha. Everyone wants the Alpha who would think about them first. And you are exactly what they want.” 
“Thank you. Your words really warm my heart.” 
He stared at her for quite some time. She averted his gaze and said, “Start the car. We are getting late.” 
He gave her a nod and started the car. The car ride was quiet until his phone rang. 
Ethan received the call on the loudspeaker. Wade’s voice came to be heard. He sounded desperate. 
“Where are you, Ethan?” 
“What’s wrong? Why do you sound like this?” Ethan asked and turned his car toward the 
main road. 
The highway was hardly crowded. On the road, a few cars were moving. It was not the same route the bus usually took. He regularly drove on this route because he took his time getting to the pack house so he could spend more time in the car with Allison. 
“I heard that Alpha Easton sent his men after you.” Wade replied. 
“Alpha Easton? Isn’t he a powerful Alpha from the East side? Why does he want to hurt me? I have never met him in my life.” 
Allison was listening to the conversation since the phone was on the loudspeaker. 
“It’s not time to talk, Ethan. Where are you? Tell me. I am coming to you with our pack fighters. You are our future Alpha, you need protection.” 
“I am on the highway close to our house.” 
“I am coming.” 
“No. I will reach the pack house in ten mi-” 
A car came from behind and pushed his car before he could finish his sentence. 
Allison was shocked, and her head nearly collided with the front glass. 
Ethan glanced at the side mirror and noticed two cars following his car. 
“Fuck! They are following me.” 
“wait. Lam on mu you !! We 
said. 
However, it was too late. Two cars from both sides attacked Ethan’s car. 
Ethan wanted to pull over and fight the people inside the cars. But he was not alone. He was 
scared for Allison. 
He looked at her and pulled her to his chest. “Don’t worry, nothing will happen to you.” 
Allison was in shock. She was puzzled by what was happening around them. 
Those cars kept pushing Ethan’s car out onto the highway. 
He whispered as he tried to balance his car, 
“This is why I was afraid to make you my Luna.” 
She heard him clearly and lifted her head to look at him. His head was bleeding, yet he was trying his best to save her. 
Her eyes welled up with tears. She thought she was going to die when one of those cars shoved their car from behind, and their car rolled upside down on the road. 
She felt Ethan’s hands pressed on her knees, and his arms wrapped tightly around her body. 
She felt pain in her left hand as she sought to steady herself when the car rumbled. 
Her ear nearly bled from the loud noise when the car came to a halt with a scratch. 
She saw those cars driving away. She looked at Ethan, and her eyes widened. 
“ETHAN!” 
She screamed. His face was splattered with blood. His two hands were protectively wrapped around her body. One of his hands was cold, and blood was oozing from it. 
She attempted but failed to open the car door. 
What would she do now? 
“Ethan, nothing will happen to you. Don’t worry.” She said and patted his cheeks, which were full of blood. He rested his head on his seat and turned his head slowly to face her. 
“I think my time is coming to leave.” He smiled at her sadly. 
She shook her head and cupped his face. 
“W–What are you saying? Nothing bad will happen to you. You heard Wade. He is coming.” 
He took a deep breath and held her hands. 
“I am sorry, Allison. I did so much wrong to you. Forgive me.” 
“I forgave you a long time ago. Stop saying this. Nothing will happen to you.” 
She repeated the same words while crying. She could not see him die. 
His grip tightened a little, and asked, 
“If I come back alive, will you give me another chance in 
your 
ur life?” 
She was stunned by his question. 
“Promise me you will be with me. This incident won’t happen again, I will protect you from every danger in the future. I promise you. Will you be with me? Will you give me another. chance in your heart?” 
Allison closed her eyes, more tears rolled down her cheeks. She did not know what to say. 
The man who almost gave up his life to save her, to protect her, would be the best man for her. She always wanted him anyway. 
When she opened her eyes, she found him closing his eyes. 
“I promise, I will. Please don’t close your eyes.” 
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63
When Wade arrived on the highway, he discovered Allison sobbing and the doors of the car were locked. The situation with Ethan was serious. 
Allison and Ethan were both taken out by the pack warriors, who smashed their way through 
the car doors. 
They went to the pack hospital hurriedly. 
Linus had arrived early and was already waiting outside of the pack hospital. They transported Ethan to the operating room on a stretcher bed. 
Allison was instructed by a nurse to apply a dressing to her wound. At that point, she realized that she was also injured. Her hand needed to get bandaged. The shattered spectacles gave her a few scratches on the top of her head which also needed dressing. 
“How is he?” She asked the nurse. She was sitting on the bed in another cabin. 
“His condition is very critical. But he is a very strong Alpha. So don’t worry. He will fight 
back.” 
Allison nodded her head and left the cabin after dressing. 
When she headed to the operating room, she found Alpha Neil and Luna Ella there. They looked at her and asked, “Are you okay?” 
Allison nodded her head. Luna Ella was crying as she stared at the door. 
“How did this happen?” Alpha Neil asked her. 
Allison lowered her head. “We were going back to the pack house, but some people attacked the car. Ethan tried his best to drive steadily and let them go first. But they pushed behind. the car again and again. Lastly, it almost crashed. Wade came to save us in time.” 
“Neil, he will be fine, right?” 
Alpha Neil patted Luna Ella’s shoulder and pulled her to his chest. 
“Our son will be okay. He is a fighter.” 
After some time had passed, Allison’s parents arrived. Her mother was already crying. She made su 
her daughter was okay and then hugged her. 2 
“Mom, I’m okay.” 
Her father caressed her hair. “It’s a relief that you are fine.” 
“He saved me, Dad.” She mumbled as she still could not forget how Ethan tried to save her. 
“I know.” Her father said as he looked at the door. 
She could see the confidence in his eyes. He always liked Ethan, and Ethan again proved to him that he was capable and a deserving Alpha. 
Wade was nowhere to be seen. After half an hour, Wade came back with a few men. 
“Alpha, I searched everything. But I could not find any traces of Alpha Easton.” 
“How did you know it was him?” 
“I got to know that the East flow pack’s men are here. They were after Ethan.” 
“But Alpha Easton has never come to our pack before. Ethan has nothing to do with his pack either. So what bothered him was that he had to attack the future Alpha of this pack?” 
“Who knows? I tried to find his men. But no one can tell who was there. The road is blurry in every CCTV footage of it that I’ve seen. We are unable to view the license plate numbers either.” 
“So everything was pre–planned. They observed that he usually went with that road, or they had been waiting to attack for a few days.” Beta Glen let out. 
Wade nodded at him. “Maybe. What should we do now?” 
Beta Glen looked at Alpha Neil to know the answer. 
This accident had already broken Alpha Nei. It almost took his son’s life. He could 
about other things now. 
“Let us see what the doctor says. We will take action later.” 
not this 
The operation was taking hours. Everyone sat down on the tools out of the operation room. They were praying in their hearts. 
They saw Ryan come there with Max. 
When his parents saw him, his mother ran to him and hugged him. 
“See what happened to your brother. He is in the operation room, Ryan.” 
Ryan hugged her back. He comforted her by rubbing her back and then asked, 
“How did this happen?” 
“He and Allison were coming to the pack house while…” Luna Ella paused and sobbed. 
She was totally shattered. She had a deep affection for Ethan. From the time he was a child, he was never apart from her. If anything happened to her, her this son used to run to her and ask her what happened to her. He was now undergoing an operation, fighting between 
life and death. 
Ryan’s gaze was drawn to Allison. Her gaze was fixed on the floor. 
He frowned when he saw her wounds. 
“It was not an accident but an attack.” Wade spoke out. 
Ryan’s eyes turned grim. “Who did this?” 
Before Wade could reply, Alpha Neil said, 
“You don’t know that man. He is a well–known powerful Alpha from another pack. We don’t have to mess with him. I will call for a pack meeting and close the border for him and his pack members.” 
Ryan turned his head towards Wade. “Who did this?” 
He repeated his question as if he did not care what his father had said to him. 
“Alpha of the East Flow pack, Alpha Easton.” Wade replied. 
“Easton you said?” He muttered and tightened his fists. 
Max glanced at Ryan and grabbed his arm. “I think we had something to do. Let’s go.” 
Alpha Neil frowned at Max. “Where are you taking him? His brother is in such a critical 
condition.” 
Ryan looked at him. “He is capable of any deadly situation. You made him your future Alpha for a reason. He will be fine.” 
Everyone gaped at Ryan when they heard him. They had only seen the two brothers fighting with each other. For the first time, they heard Ryan praising Ethan. 
Allison gazed at Ryan. She knew he cared for his brother. He just did not want to show others. 
He caught her looking at her. She averted her eyes from him immediately. 
“I’m leaving.” Ryan declared and turned around. 
“Where are you going?” Alpha Neil asked him. 
He turned his head slightly and replied, 
“A very old friend of mine came to visit this pack. I intend to greet him personally and show him my hospitality.” 
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64
The club was crowded. People were drinking and taking pleasure in the smoke–filled 
environment. 
It was not a club where university students could go or arrange any of their parties. 
The club was exclusive to those of high social standing and great wealth. Many Alpha males. came here to relieve their stress and take pleasure in the company of other attractive women. 
Ryan entered the club with Max. His eyes were dark, and his face appeared fierce. When he emerged from the cloud of smoke and made his way to the bar, his all–black attire gave him the appearance of a Greek god. 
Each and every woman turned her gaze towards him. He was the kind of man who could get a woman’s attention even when he was not doing anything at all. 
He sat down on the chair in front of the bar counter and gave the bartender his full attention. 
“Where is he?” He asked. 
The bartender smirked, mixed the two colored drinks together, and dropped two ice cubes. into the drink 
After pushing it towards Ryan, he looked at him. 
“He is not here.” 
Ryan balled his hands into fists and clenched them. Max reached out and held his arm, then 
instructed him to “Control it.” 
The bartender laughed when he saw Ryan in anger. He rested his elbows on the counter and 
muttered, 
“But his beta is here. It seems like he did not dare to come here himself and instead merely dispatched his troops.” 
Raymond scoffed when he heard that. Max frowned and asked, 1 
“Where is his beta?” 
The bartender gestured his head to the opposite side of the dance floor. Many couches were arranged there. Many men were just lounging around drinking while talking with girls. 
Ryan’s attention was drawn to a young man who was seated and had his arm around the 
waist of a woman. There was still another woman sitting there with him. He was engaging in conversation with both of the young ladies. 
He turned from the man. He reached out and took the drink that the bartender had set down in front of him, and then he began to take sips from it. 
“Just the way I like it.” He said after gulping. 
The bartender nodded his head while making drinks for others. He then handed the tray that contained the drinks to the waiter so that he may serve others. 
Max reached for a bottle of whisky, poured some of it into a glass, and then chugged it down. 
“This dude came all the way over here to kill Ethan. Nothing short of a genius!” Max said as he cast an eye over the man. 
Ryan did not let out a word as if he was thinking about something. 
At some point, a woman came to the bar and took a seat next to Ryan. 
“Hey, Handsome.” 
The other two thought Ryan would push the woman hard because his mood was off. 
However, Ryan surprised them with his actions. He turned to the woman and smirked at her. 
“Hello, Hottie.” 
The woman smiled at him and stood up. She tried to get close to him. He did not stop her. In fact, he brought her closer to him by grasping her around the waist. 
The woman blushed and put her hands on his shoulders. 
He leaned in close to her ear and whispered something. 
At first, that woman looked stunned, but then she smirked and nodded her head at him. 
She walked away from him and headed to the man sitting on the couch. 
“What did you say to her?” Max asked Ryan. 
Ryan’s smirk was still on his face. “Just wait and watch.” 
The woman offered the man a drink. As soon as he laid eyes on the woman, the man licked his lips. Her body was alluring and hot. 
She bent down, whispered something in his ear, and then turned towards a corner. Then the man pushed the women beside him slightly and stood up. He followed the woman behind. 
and went to the corner with her. 
After placing the glass on the counter, Ryan gave a wink to the bartender. 
“It’s showtime.” 
He stood up, and Max also joined him. When Ryan proceeded to the corner, the bartender widened his eyes. He summoned a waiter and assigned him to do his duty for some time. 
Then he dashed over to the corner where Ryan and Max had gone. 
“Hey! Wait for me. I can’t miss any shows.” 
When Ryan stopped in front of a room, he glanced at the door. Max was standing next to him. The bartender rushed to them and snorted angrily. 
“Bro, you guys are moving really fast.” 
After a brief pause, Max responded with a chuckle, “You need to start your training, Vernon.” 
“Oh, please. If the owner of this nightclub knew what a strong and well–trained wolf his barman is, he would have bowed down to me and handed me one year’s salary for free.” 
They laughed and turned their attention to Ryan. Max asked him, “What are we waiting for?” 
“To take his pants off.” Ryan replied, and three of them laughed. Ryan shook his head and grabbed the doorknob, which was locked. 
Ryan took a step back and glanced over at Max. 
“Break the door.” 
Max’s kick was enough to break the door in one swift motion. As they entered the room, they noticed a shocked expression on the man’s face. 
The man was lying on the bed, and the woman was seated on top of him. 
The man pushed the woman immediately. The woman looked at Ryan. He nodded at her, and 
she left the room. 
Vernon closed the door and turned to the man. 
“Hello, Beta Ramon. We met again.” He said with a sheepish grin. 
That man was the beta of the East Flow Pack. He frowned at Vernon, but when his eyes shifted to Ryan, he gulped. 
“Why are you h–here?” He could not help but stutter. 
Ryan put his hands inside his pockets and leaned on the wall close to a desk. 
“I thought of giving a warm welcome to my very old friend. But I was upset when I could not get him. By the way, where is he?” 
Ryan’s voice sounded cheerful, but everyone in the room knew the reality. 
Beta Ramon shook his head. “Alpha did not come here. I just came to visit the pack because I am on vacation.” 
“Nice.” Ryan muttered under his breath. His hands reached for the bottle of red wine that was sitting atop a bamboo basket on the desk and grabbed it. 
Seeing this, Beta Ramon cleared his throat and stood up. 
“I will leave this pack tonight anyway.” 
He walked towards the door but was stopped by Max. He glared at Max, but Max did not give a damn about it. 
He turned around and heard Ryan, 
“Why did you attack Ethan?” 
He smirked as he looked at Ryan. 
“Dude, you should thank me for it. He is sitting in your position. If he dies, this position will be yours.” 
Ryan’s eyes turned dark upon hearing his words. 
Within the blink of an eye, he was there and smashed the wine bottle over his head. 
“Aaahhh!” 
The man screamed in pain like a wounded beast. He grabbed his head and felt blood rushing out of it. He fell to the floor and looked at Ryan. 
“A–Alph-” 
He lost consciousness before completing his sentence. 
Ryan stared at the man, who was lying in a pool of blood on the floor. 
He muttered in anger, 
“This is what you will get for hurting my family.” 
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65
Allison was staring at the red light out of the operation theater. It stated that the surgery was still going on. 
Alpha Neil’s anger started to build as soon as Ryan walked out of the hospital. Luna Ella made a few attempts to calm Alpha Neil, but he remained enraged. 
“I still can’t believe that he is my own son. How could he do that? Even though his brother was in the operation room, he went to the club to have fun with his friends.” 
“Neil, calm down.” 
“Calm down? If it were my brother in this room, could I behave the way Ryan did? How can someone be so careless? I know he was not with us for years. But as a part of this family, he should have at least stayed here during his brother’s critical time. Ethan is not only his brother but his future Alpha.” 
Beta Glen gave a frustrated shake of the head, demonstrating that he, too, was disappointed by Ryan’s behavior. 
Allison cleared her throat and said, 
“A–Alpha, forget about him. We should pray for Ethan right now.” 
Alpha Neil stared at her for a few seconds, then nodded at her. “You are right, my child. I believe he will survive this and come back to us.” 
Allison tried to ease the situation, and successfully she could. 
During that time, her mental state was a complete wreck. She found that the incident had a traumatic effect on her. 
Her thoughts kept going back to it over and over. 
After long hours had passed, the red light finally went out. 
After coming out of the operation room, Linus took off the white mask he had been wearing. Everyone hurried over to him. 
“How is my son?” Luna Ella asked Linus. 
“The operation is successful.” 
Everyone let out a sigh of relief. 
“But he is not out of danger.” 
“What do you mean, Linus?” Alpha Neil asked. 
“It’s a critical time for him. Once he wakes up, we will check on him. Before that, we can not say anything more.” 
Everyone turned their attention to Ethan as they stared through the circular window on the 
door. 
When they saw that they were transferring him to a different bed, they pulled the bed out of 
the room. 
“We are shifting him to a private cabin. You can meet him after he wakes up. Before that, you can’t enter the cabin.” 
Allison was unable to take her eyes off of Ethan when they were taking him to another room. She felt like crying. She could not bear to see him in such a state. She had not prepared herself for this situation at all. She always saw him living like a strong man. This fragile situation could not be compared to his strong aura. 
Beta Glen told Allison’s mother to go back to their house with Allison and let her take some 
rest. 
Allison did not want to go. Joey said she wanted to stay at the hospital with Luna Ella. 
Alpha Neil made a request to Allison, asking her to go get some rest. 
Allison had to go back to her house. She had to leave alone with the driver. 
When she finally got home, she immediately showered. She could still feel woozy. The way that car rolled, she was feeling it replaying in her mind. 
It hurt as she moved her hand. She did not eat anything and instead laid down on her bed. She did not know when she fell asleep. 
Meanwhile, 
A car stopped in front of Allison’s house. 
Ryan got out of the car. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a key ring. 
He used the key to open the main door, and he was able to successfully enter the house. He had made a duplicate key for this house. He took the shape of the key that night when 
Allison was asleep. 
He looked around the house and glanced upstairs. 
He then went to the upper floor and opened the door of Allison’s bedroom. 
He closed the door and walked to her bed. He sat on the edge of the bed. 
Allison was in a deep sleep. 
He stared at her for a while. His eyes caressed her face. 
He moved his hand slowly up to her chin and stroked it gently. His attention was drawn to her injured hand which was covered in a bandage when he saw her at the hospital. As he examined her injury, his face became fierce. 
He bent down and looked at the wounds on her forehead. 
His black eyes turned orange. He tightened his fists to control his anger. 
“Whoever did this to you got what they deserved. If anyone dares to attack and it somehow hurts you in any way again, I will bury them alive.” 
Allison tilted her head towards his hand as if she wanted his warmth more. He smiled at her and cupped her cheek. 
“Stupid girl. I told you to stay away from him. Look what you have done to yourself.” He muttered. 
Allison did not put any ointment on the scratches on her forehead before sleeping. She also took off her bandages when she was showering. 
So Ryan could see her bare wounds. He held her hand and kissed her wounded palm. 
“Don’t be surprised after waking up.” He said and licked her wound. 
With every lick, her wound began to heal. He let go of her hand and went near her forehead. 
He did the same with the scratches on her forehead. 
He healed her wound within a few minutes. 
She could not feel anything, just like that night when he kissed her. Because he did not want her to wake up. 
He leaned on her lips and mumbled, 
“Should I continue where we left off that day?” 
His eyes were fixed on her lips. He was about to kiss her lips when he stopped. 
He shook his head and moved his lips to her forehead. 
He kissed her forehead and said, 
“I am not going to kiss your lips in your unconscious state again. 
But don’t allow any other man to kiss your lips or touch any part of your body. Because you belong to me, only me.” 
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66
Allison opened her eyes. She felt strange. She glanced at the window. It was dark outside. 
How long had she been sleeping? 
She moved her hand to the nightstand and grabbed her phone to check the time. 
When she unlocked her phone, she gasped. 
“Eighteen Missed calls!” 
Her parents called her many times, and she was sleeping peacefully. How could she? She saw that her phone was on silent. 
She remembered that she turned her phone on silent before entering the exam Hall and forgot to turn it off afterward. 
The first thing that came to her mind was, 
‘Is Ethan okay?” 
She called her father’s number and got it busy. So she called her mother. 
Her mother received the call and spoke out, 
“Allison, are you okay?” 
“Mom, I’m totally fine. How is Ethan?” She asked with a worried tone. 
“He woke up, Allison. He is out of danger now.” 
Allison felt relieved. She felt a weight leave her chest. If something happened to Ethan, she could have never forgiven herself. All the time, he was protecting her. She would never forget that. 
“But..” Her mother paused. 
“But what, mom?” 
“Come to the hospital. I am calling the driver to go back to our house to pick you up.” 
“Okay, mom. I am coming.” 
After hanging up the call, she went to the bathroom to freshen up. 
When she was about to wash her face, her eyes fell on her hand. Her eyes widened when she 
saw her clean palm. 
Her jaw dropped. She glanced at the mirror and saw that her forehead was also clear. 
There was no wound in her hand or forehead. 
‘How did they heal?‘ 
She blinked her eyes a few times and thought she was still in a dream or her eyes were sleepy. 
However, she was stunned when she realized that the scratches on her forehead were really gone. There were no scars left there. Even the nurse told her that it would take some time to heal. She
told her that she would have to go to the hospital again. The doctor would prescribe her some cream to remove the scars when the wound healed. 
“I can’t believe this!” 
She was in a daze. Was she seeing any illusions? Because she was not an Alpha, who would be healed fastly. She was an omega. Her wolf was weak a few weeks ago. 
“Did my wolf 
wolf get some power after the rejection?” She thought about her wolf. 
Her wolf had no idea about it. She regarded it as a stroke of good fortune that the wound had healed on its own. 
She washed her face and wore a brown dress. She put her sneakers on and combed her hair hurriedly before grabbing her phone and bag, then left the house. 
She saw their driver standing outside the house, waiting for her. 
She got in the car and the car proceeded to the hospital. 
When she reached the hospital, there were so many guards wearing black clothes and 
carrying guns. 
She understood that Alpha Neil had set them up to protect Ethan. 
Her eyes 
res fell on Max, who looked like he was leaving. 
‘Did Ryan come to meet Ethan?‘ She thought and walked to Max. 
Max noticed her and waved at her. He saw her eyes peeking behind him. 
“Ryan is not here.” He informed her. 
“What?” 
“You are 
ring for him, aren’t you? 
“What? No!” 
Max nodded his head. “Oh! my mistake then.” 
“By the way, where is he?” She mumbled. 
Max heard her clearly. “He will come to the hospital later. I was here because I thought if anyone needed something, I could be their help.” 
Allison smiled at him and bid him goodbye was shifted after the operation. 
She hurriedly strode to the cabin where Ethan 
She saw Luna Ella and her mother outside the cabin. Linus was there, talking with them. Luna Ella was crying. 
“What happened?” Allison asked them. 
Linus looked at her and replied, 
“Ethan is okay, but his body is weak right now. He will be healed soon. But his right hand is temporarily paralyzed.” 
“P–Paralyzed?” 
“Yeah. But it’s temporary. That means his hand will be okay, but it will take some time to recover. I think his right arm was pressing against something. His two fingers have broken. I plustered his fingers and his whole hand.” 
Tears welled in Allison’s eyes. She remembered that Ethan wrapped his arms around her. His right hand was pressing on her knees so that she did not get hurt. 
He took the pain for her. 
Luna Ella and her mother noticed her eyes. Allison whipped her tears away and looked at 
Linus. 
“How long will it take for him to heal completely?” 
“He is a powerful Alpha. It will heal soon. Maybe one and a half months.” 
Allison nodded at him and glanced at the door. 
“Go and meet him. He was asking about you. I am going to the pack house with Luna Ella. I will send dinner for you two. We will return in a few hours. She hasn’t eaten anything the whole day. She will get sick.” Her mother told her about Luna Ella. 
Luna Ella wiped her tears and said to Allison, 
“Take care of him.” 
They left, and Allison went inside the cabin. 
She saw Wade sitting on a tool close to the bed. Ethan’s eyes were closed. 1 
Wade looked at her and asked, 
‘Are you okay?” 
She nodded her head. “Yeah.” 
He looked stunned when he noticed she had no bandage on her hand or any wound in her forehead. 
“Your wounds healed so fast.” 
“Y–Yeah. I don’t even know how.” 
Wade stood up and signaled for her to use the tool. “You can sit here. I am going outside.” She went to the tool when he left the cabin. She sat down and looked at Ethan. 
“Are you okay?” She asked but she thought he was sleeping. However, he opened his eyes and turned his head toward her. 
“I am fine. What about you? Are you okay?” 
She stared at him. She was unable to believe that it was the same Ethan who had rejected her. Because that Ethan only gave her pain, and this Ethan was only thinking about her. 
She recalled his words. 
“This is why I was afraid to make you my Luna.‘ 
He was afraid of danger coming to her because of him, because of the position. 
“I am good.” She replied. 
They did not talk to each other and stayed quiet for a while. 
“I am happy that you came to see me.” He broke the silence. 
“Of course, I would come.” She replied while looking out the window. Dark sky was visible from there. 
“Allison” 
The way he called her made her look at him. 
“I thought I was going to die.” 
His words pierced her heart. She also thought that something bad would happen to him. 
“But my fate gave me another chance to live my life. I am alive. I didn’t die, and you are also fine. If something happened to you, I would have never forgiven myself for the rest of my life.” 
She stared at him, paying her whole attention to him. 
He lifted his hand slowly and shut his eyes as if he felt pain in his whole body. 
She immediately grabbed his hand. He opened his eyes and looked at her. 
“I know I gave you pain. I broke your heart. I rejected you foolishly. But now I want you back in my life. I asked you that time if I came back, if you would accept me again. I know that was not the situation to ask those things. But now I am asking you, will you give me another chance in your heart? 
Allison, will you be my girlfriend?” 
She bit her lower lip and thought she would never get a man like Ethan in her life again. 
Her parents liked him, and she used to love him. He was a nice guy. A perfect son and a perfect Alpha for everyone. 
Though she had moved on, she could give him a chance since he was the one who was in her heart all the time. 
She closed her eyes and tightened her grip on Ethan’s hand. 
But she opened her eyes immediately when Ryan’s face came to her mind. 
She shook her head. ‘No, I can’t think about Ryan. We can’t be a thing. All the things that happened between us were mistakes. We should not have come this close.‘ 
Ethan thought she was rejecting him. He looked pale and loosened her grip to let go of her 
hand. 
But she gripped it firmly and replied, 
“Yes, I will give you a chance in my heart. I will be your girlfriend, Ethan.” 
A bright smile spread on Ethan’s face. Allison saw his smile and nodded her head at him. 
At that time, a deep voice interrupted their moments. 
“What a perfect timing! We should celebrate this good news, big brother.” 
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67
Allison heard Ryan’s voice. She felt her heart start to race. She closed her eyes. 
‘Stop it. This is meaningless.‘ She scolded her heart. 
Ryan entered the cabin. The door was left open, so he was able to hear what they were saying even though they were inside. 
“Ryan,” Ethan said. 
“I thought you might need some sympathy because you are injured, but it seems as though you are having the best time of your life right now.” Ryan said while gazing at Allison. 
She let go of Ethan’s hand and stood up. 
“You can sit here.” She spoke to Ryan without glancing at him at the time. 
“No, you can sit here. There are set couches arranged in this room to sit on, which you might not have noticed.” Ryan said with gritting his teeth. 
Allison did not let out anything and sat on the tool again. Ryan walked to the couch, which was on the other side of the bed. 
He sat down and greeted Ethan with a grin. 
“So? How are you?” 
Ethan gave him a nod. “I am fine now.” 
“Of course, you would be fine. You have finally got what you wanted.” 
“Sure, I got it.” Ethan replied and turned his head to Allison. 
“Did you have your dinner?” 
“No, I will.” Allison mumbled. She was experiencing some level of discomfort due to the 
circumstances. 1 
At this point, Wade had already returned to the cabin, accompanied by a butler. 
“Luna has sent food for both of you,” Wade said to Allison. His eyes fell on Ryan. 
The butler placed the food on the tea table in front of the couch. 
Wade and Allison helped Ethan sit up. 
+15 BONUJ 
“I have some work outside. I am leaving now, Ethan.” Wade said. Ethan told him not to worry about him and took some rest at his home. 
Wade left the cabin with the butler. 
Allison looked around and took the small bed table. She placed it in front of Ethan and walked to the tea table. 
When she was taking out dishes from the bag, she could feel Ryan’s gaze on her. He was silently watching her. 
She avoided his gaze and went to Ethan with a plate of food. 
She placed the plate on the bed table. Ethan attempted to lift his right hand when Allison held his hand. 
“You can’t move this hand.” She said immediately. 
“How sad! Big Brother is now paralyzed. He can’t even move his hand.” Ryan blurted it out. sarcastically. 
Allison directed an angry look in his direction. “What is the reason for saying that?” 
“Why can’t I?” 
Ryan gave her a cold, hostile look in response. It was almost as if he was waiting for her to look directly into his eyes. The fierceness in his eyes was there for all to see. 
She quickly averted his gaze and said, 
“He will be fine very soon.” 
“That’s good. But how can he eat now? Will you feed him, big brother’s girlfriend?” 
He called her ‘big brother’s girlfriend‘. 
She closed her eyes and tried to calm herself. He continuously taunted her. 
“I will.” She remarked while bringing the spoon to Ethans mouth to begin feeding him. 
Ryan got to his feet and started walking. 
“I have no further interest in watching this babysitting.” 
He headed to the door. Ethan stopped him. “Ryan, look after Dad. He must be alone. I’m sick, he needs someone to assist him.” 
+1D BUNNOU 
Ryan rolled his eyes and replied without turning around, “As if I care.” He left the cabin, leaving them alone. 
She let out a long and drawn–out breath. Ethan noticed her expression. 
“My brother can be a bit of a brat and can be quite abrupt at times. But he is not a bad person deep down inside.” 
The way that Ethan expressed himself completely shocked Allison. She looked at him. He smiled at her. 
“Don’t mind his words. You will be one of my family members soon. So I’m telling you about everyone. Mom and Dad, they are lovebirds. Ryan is our spoiled brat, and I am a foolish guy.” 2 
He said this while making an innocent face. 
Allison could not help but chuckle. 
“I know. Now eat.” She said and started to feed him. 
“What about you?” 
“I will eat a little bit later.” 
“Two plates can be placed together here on this table.” 
“But I will-” 
“Please?” 
“Okay, fine.” 
Meanwhile, Ryan was outside the hospital, leaning against his car. While he was thinking over every word that Ethan had spoken, he lit up a cigarette. The way in which Allison expressed that she accepted him was going over and over in his head. 
His blood was boiling. He wanted to go and destroy everything in front of him. 
His phone started ringing, and he did not take it out of his pocket. 
But his phone rang once again. He took out his phone and put it close to his ear. 
“What?” He roared after receiving the call. 
“Alpha” 
“Speak.” 
“Alpha, someone entered the coven and broke the spell. Please, come back before anyone can smell your scent. In half a day, the power of the spell will be decreased.” 
He groaned in annoyance. He threw the cigarette on the road and entered his car. 
“Who the fuck dared to do that?” 
“It’s Alpha Axel. One of his wizards entered our coven.” 
“That bastard’s pack is just next to the pack that belonged to my father. How did he get his hands on such a powerful wizard?” 
“That wizard is here in front of us. The only thing he wants is to meet you.” 
“Why? Does he want to marry his daughter off to me? Or he wants to get killed by me?” He said in a furious tone and started his car. 
“Please, Alpha, we can’t waste more time. Come back, because we will figure something out after that.” 
“Cage that foolish man. I am coming.” He said and cut the call. 
He pressed on the accelerator, and drove the car at a very fast speed. 
“People really took my power for granted.” He muttered. 
He called Max after a few hours. Max received the call in one ring. 
“I am leaving this pack with Colin and Vernon.” 
“Wait, what? When will you come back?” 
Ryan looked at the pack border in front of him and replied, “I’ll return before your future Alpha heals.” 
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68
ONE MONTH LATER 
“Allison, you have started doing the same thing again.” Allison’s mother yelled at her. 
“What, Mom? I am getting late.” 
“No, you can’t leave without having breakfast.” 
Allison felt defeated and went to the table. She sat and drew her plate closer to her. 
“That’s my good girl.” Her mother said. 
Her father laughed at them. She had her breakfast hurriedly and was about to rush out when her father spoke out, 
“Allison, I forgot to tell you. Alpha Neil wants to meet you.” 
She turned around and asked, 
“Why?” 
“He and Luna Ella want to thank you. The way you always were always with Ethan when he was injured, it really touched their hearts. So they arranged a get–together. Just us and their family.” 
“Oh. Okay. I will come back soon, then.” 
She went out of the house, and their driver waited for her to drop her off at school. 
In this one month, she most of the time went to meet Ethan. She tried to give him time. He eventually recovered his health last week. 
He became healthy in the first week, but his hand was paralyzed for three weeks. Until last week, his hand had completely recovered. After his recovery, he began to attend work and go to school again. 
Such a workaholic person! 
The car stopped in front of her school. 
She stepped down and proceeded to the entrance. She could see girls with piercing gazes at 
her. 
They were jealous that she was Ethan’s girlfriend. 
Ethan admitted to everyone in the school that she became his girlfriend. After that, everyone was behaving strangely with her. Some of them almost bowed to her. They believed she would be the Luna for sure because she was not an average girl with whom Ethan could break up at any time. She was Beta Glen’s daughter, so even if he wanted, he could not break this relationship. It would only destroy two families. It was their thoughts. 
Because Allison’s thought was different. She did not feel like that, and neither did Ethan. 
Ethan loved her, and she used to love him. 
Their feelings were different. However, she tried her best to stay with Ethan and forget the past. 1 
Though they were in a relationship now, they did not tell their parents about it. 
“You missed the first class.” 
Teresa’s voice was heard from behind her. 
She turned to face her and grinned. “How can I attend? My lovely mother made me have breakfast at home.” 
Teresa burst out laughing when she heard her. 
“She did the right thing. But you should strive to get up early in the morning.” 
Allison pressed her hands in front of her. “Okay, my second mother.” 
Then they giggled and walked towards the locker room together. 
They heard other girls who grabbed their attention. 
“Yeah, look how hot he is! He does not go to the club we usually go to. He goes to the high- class clubs.” 
“Take a look at this lucky new girl. Who is she?” 
“Another chick. She is not from our school.” 
Teresa rolled her eyes and opened her locker. But Allison, on the other hand, was still listening to the conversation. 
“I don’t know how these girls mustered the courage to approach him. He always looks. intimidating.” 
“I will faint if he just kisses me.” 
215 
“Stop dreaming. Haven’t you noticed? He hooks up with beautiful girls with hot bodies.” Teresa grabbed Allison’s hand and pulled her to her locker. 
“Why are you listening to them?” 
Allison did not reply. She opened her locker and took out her book. 
“I am going to my class.” 
“Allison- 
“I’m getting late, Tess. See you after the class.” 
She walked to her class and thought about what those girls were gossiping about. 
They were talking about Ryan. 
After the day she encountered him in the cabin of the hospital, he left the pack without saying anything to the others. 
Max informed Alpha Neil that he would come back soon. 
Alpha Neil tried to contact Ryan a lot, but his phone became unreachable. 
She cried that night and thought he would never come back. She felt an unknown 
attachment to him that she could not realize until he left the pack 
He returned to this pack after two weeks. He did not give any justification to his parents 
about it. 
She saw him in the pack house many times, and he always avoided her. 
Every day, she noticed him with girls. He began to go out with girls again. 1 
He had now gone to extremes. The majority of the students witnessed him making out with girls inside the school. They even discussed how they saw him with girls at the clubs. His life was now full of girls and club parties. 
Every 
time she heard about him, she felt a pang in her heart. She had no idea why she was feeling this 
his way. Because she had never felt like this for him before. 
She remembered his words that he said to her in his room on the night of his mother’s birthday. 
‘Don’t accept anyone other than me in your heart.” 
She was furious with herself. She should forget about him. She made the right decision by accepting Ethan. 
His mother was right that night. 
He was unchangeable. He remained the same. He desired to be with her, and once he obtained his desire, he would have crushed her heart. 1 
He would do the same thing that he was currently doing. 
She went to the class. She could not be attentive to the lecture that the professor was giving. 
After the class, she headed to the next class. She was happy that this class would be with 
Teresa. 
Her phone began to ring. She looked at the phone screen. 
It was Ethan. She received the call. 
“Yeah.” 
“Where are you?” 
“I’m going to class right now.” 
“Dad told me about today’s get together. You are my special guest.” 
His remarks made her chuckle. Ethan had recently begun to behave cutely. 
“I heard it from my dad. I will come with them.” 
“I will be waiting for you. I did not go to school today because I had some stuff to do. Otherwise, I would have picked you up from school.” 
“No worries.” 
“How are you now?” He asked. 
While walking, she lowered her head. Her wolf was not doing well at the moment. Even if she shifted, she appeared agitated. Allison did not know the reason. That was why Ethan inquired about her health. 
“Fine.” She replied while looking at her hand. She still did not get the reason about how her wound healed so fast. 
“Why are you silent? Are you missing me?” 
Ethan’s voice took her out of her thoughts. 
“Missing you?” It was her question, but it came out of her mouth like an answer. 
At that time, she bumped into someone, and her phone fell to the ground. 
A pair of warm hands gripped her waist, preventing her from falling. 
Her heartbeat fastened as she inhaled the familiar cologne. 
Then she heard a rude voice scolding her, 
“Where are your eyes? Or are you so busy with love talking with your boyfriend that you forgot how to walk properly?” 
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69
+ 
Allison looked up 
and gasped when she saw Ryan’s fierce eyes. 
She immediately pushed him and stood straight. 
He looked irritated. She knew she bumped into him, but it happened by mistake. He did not have to react like that. 
He walked past her and muttered, 
“Fucking love blinds.” 
Her eyes widened. She was fuming after hearing his remarks. 
She turned around and said, 
“Excuse me?” 
He did not turn around to her and waved his hand while walking ahead. 
“Yes, you are excused.” 
She stared at his back with a stunned expression. Others kept glancing at her while passing by her side. 
She tightened her fists in anger. Someone waved a hand in front of her. 
She turned her head and saw Teresa. 
“Honey, your phone was on the floor.” 
Teresa signaled her to her phone in her hand. Allison took her phone back and saw that Ethan was still on the call. Luckily, her phone did not break. She cut the call and sent him a message that she would talk to him later. 
“By the 
way, 
where are you looking?” 
“I was looking at a shameless boy who does not have any control over his desire but has problems with other people’s love.” 
Teresa could not see Ryan because he had already left. But she could guess. 
“Whom are you talking about? Ryan?” 
Allison started to walk to the class. “Let’s leave it.” 
Teresa grabbed her hand and stopped her. 
“Allison, I have been observing you for the last three months. You are not the same as 
before. I can understand that it was because of the rejection. But last month, you accepted Ethan. But you don’t look happy to me. Why is that?” 
Teresa’s question astonished her. She also wanted to find the answers to these questions. 
She held Teresa’s hand and dragged her to their class. 
“Let’s go to class. We can talk about it another time.” 
Allison returned to her house. She saw her mother getting ready. When she saw her, she 
smiled at her. 
“Mom, Why are you getting ready now?” 
“Have you forgotten about the get–together?” 
“No, but it was at night, right?” 
“No. We will go there in the afternoon. Go and get ready fast. We have to leave now.” 
Allison went to her room and decided on a dress to wear. It was a purple dress. She combed her hair nicely and curled her hair on the bottom side. She put on a simple makeup and wore a pair of black heels. 
She grabbed her phone and went downstairs. Her mother was sitting on the couch. She 
stood up 
when she saw Allison. 
“My beautiful girl, let’s go.” 
“Where is Dad, Mom?” 
“He is in the pack house. He had some work with Alpha Neil, so he could not come back to pick us up. So our driver will drop us off at the pack house.” 
“Okay.” 
They left their house and got in the car. Allison was just closing the car door when her phone 
rang. 
She took the call as she glanced at her mother. She was looking outside. 
“Where are you?” Ethan’s voice came from the other side of the phone. 
2/ 
“Tam “I am on the way.” 
“Okay, I am waiting. Come fast.” He said and hung up the call before she could say anything. She put her phone on her lap and turned her head towards her mother. She was looking at 
her. 
“Who was that?” Her mother asked. 
“Ethan, Mom. He was asking when we would get there.” 
Her mother was quiet for some time. A bright smile reached to her lips when she asked, 
“I have seen how you took care of him. You too look really close.” 4 
“Yeah, you can say that.” She replied and looked outside the window. 
She and Ethan only began their relationship last month. Talking about their relationship with their parents would be too early. They should develop their bonding first. So it would 
take time to tell them. 
The car stopped in front of the pack house. They got out of the car and entered the pack 
house. 
Allison smiled when she saw Luna Ella and Alpha Neil talking to each other. They were really lovebirds, as Ethan had told her. When she went to the pack house most of the time, she had observed their behavior. They loved each other a lot, just like Allison’s parents. 
Her eyes shifted to the man who was sitting with his parents. 
Ethan. 
He was looking at her. Then he smiled at her. 
She returned his smile. She was welcomed with a warm hug by Luna Ella. 
“My dear, I was waiting for you.” 
“What about me? You lied to me on the phone that you were missing me. 
Allison’s mother spoke out from behind. 
H 
“No, no. I didn’t lie. You are my first priority.” Luna Ella replied immediately. Everyone laughed at the two best friends‘ proclamations. 
“Allison, dear. Come here.” Alpha Neil said and she walked to him. 
He patted her head and grabbed her hand. He placed a box of blue Velvet. 
She was stunned by it. “What is this, Alpha?” 
“A small thank you gift for you.” 
She shook her head. “No. I can’t take it, Alpha.” 
“Please. 
She glanced at her mother. Her mother nodded at her to take the gift; otherwise, it would be disrespectful not to take the thing if the head Alpha offered something. 
“Thank you, Alpha.” 
“We should thank you, Allison.” Luna Ella said. Alpha Neil nodded his head in agreement. Allison’s father entered the pack house. He was out for some time for some work. 
He nodded his head at Allison and her mother. Then he turned to Alpha Neil. 
“Alpha, I have something important to talk about with you and Ethan.” 
Ethan stood up and looked at Allison. 
“I’m coming in a few minutes.” He said and headed to the garden so that Beta Glen could talk to them. 
Others noticed Ethan’s behavior towards Allison. They smiled at them and did not say anything. Beta Glen and Alpha Neil followed Ethan to the garden. 
“Come, Joey. Help in the kitchen.” Luna Ella said to Allison’s mother. 
Joey went to the kitchen while Luna Ella stopped and walked to Allison. 
“You can sit and wait or walk around the house. Ethan will be back soon.” 
“No problem, Lu-” 
Allison stopped when her eyes fell behind Luna Ella. 
It was Ryan who had just entered the pack house with a young woman. 
Allison’s attention was drawn to his hand on the woman’s waist. 
Luna Ella turned around after following her gaze. Her pupils dilated. She could not prevent herself from yelling at him.. 
“RYAN!” 
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70
Ryan stopped his steps and turned his head to Luna Ella. He avoided Allison totally. 
“Darling, let’s go there. My mom is calling me.” 
Ryan spoke in a seductive tone to the woman. The woman was his age and older than Alison 
Allison stared at the woman rather than Ryan. They walked to them. Allison looked at the woman’s clothes. 
She was wearing a black slutty dress that stopped at her upper thighs, almost revealing her panties. However, her thin legs saved her. 
Allison felt disgusted, but she did not hear anything wrong. Ryan did undoubtedly hook up with beautiful girls with hot bodies. The woman beside him was hot. She could not deny the 
fact. 
When they stood in front of her and Luna Ella, Ryan spoke out, 
“You called me, Mom?” 
“How many times do I have to tell you not to come back home with girls?” Luna Ella said to him and glared at the woman. 
The young woman lowered her head in fear. Her body was trembling. Ryan gripped tightly in her waist, which Allison had clearly noticed. 
“Why are you scaring her, Mom?” Ryan asked and frowned at his mother. 
“Stop all of this nonsense, Ryan. Your father is at home. He went to discuss something in the garden. In no time, he will be here. Just tell his girl to go back from where she had come.” 
“Sorry, I can’t. She came here with me. I am going to my bedroom with her. And about Alpha Neil, I don’t think I need to explain anything to anyone.” 
Ryan pulled the young woman along with him and headed to the staircase. 
“This is too much, Ryan. Today is our get–together party.” Luna Ella warned him. 
Ryan turned his head towards her. This time, his eyes fell on Allison. 
Allison stared at him with a disgusting look. 
“If Ethan’s babysitter is allowed here. Then why can’t one of my girls?” 
“Ryan-” 
Before Luna Ella could say anything, Ryan went upstairs with the woman. 
Allison felt a pain in her heart. Her eyes were unmoved from him when he was going upstairs. 
“I don’t know what will happen to him. He is a spoiled brat. I am so sorry, dear. Please don’t mind his words. You know that he does not even talk to us properly.” Luna Ella apologized 
to her. 
She shook her head. “I know how he is. So you don’t have to apologize for his behavior.” Joey came out of the kitchen and said, 
“I am waiting for you here. What are you doing there?” 
“I am coming.” Luna Ella said and went to the kitchen. 
Allison sat on the couch. She was not feeling well. Her heart and her wolf were both disturbing her sanity. 
She saw Ethan entering the living room. She stood up. 
“Why are you alone?‘ 
“Mom and Luna went to the kitchen.” She replied. Her eyes kept glancing upstairs. 
Ethan frowned and grabbed her hand. 
“Let’s go upstairs since you are looking there.” 
“What? No. I was just-” 
“Come on. Let’s go. I need to give you something.” He said and dragged her upstairs. 
“What will you give me?” 
“Something I wanted to give you for a long time but could not get the chance.” 
Ethan walked to his room. Allison’s eyes shifted to Ryan’s room. The door was closed. 
‘What are they doing inside?‘ She thought and shook her head. 
‘I should not think about anyone other than Ethan.‘ She told herself. 
Ethan took her to his bedroom and closed the door. 
an of her hand, and walked to the 
He did not let closet. 
He released her hand and opened the closet. He pulled out a small red velvet box and gave it to Allison. 
“This is just for you.” 
“What exactly is this?” She inquired. 
“You may open 
and examine. It’s only yours.” 
She was shocked when she cautiously opened the box. 
She focused her attention on the two chained bracelets with the flower petal dangling from 
them. 
It was the same bracelet she had admired in the jewelry store. But, at the moment, Ethan told her that he would take that for his mother. 
She remembered him just giving his mother the necklace and not this bracelet. 
She looked at him and asked, 
“This bracelet-” 
“Yeah, this bracelet. I bought it that day for you. I wanted to give it to you my heart.” 
“But I can’t accept this.” 
“Why?” 
if 
you accepted 
“This is very expensive, Ethan. I can’t take expensive gifts from you. I don’t want it.” She gave the box to him. She headed to the door when he grabbed her wrist and made her turn to 
him. 
“What are you doing?” She said and stepped back. Her back was pressed against the wall. 
Her innocent look made him chuckle. He took out the bracelet and slowly wrapped it around her wrist. 
“I am your boyfriend. I have the right to give you any expensive present, and you are bound to accept it, okay?” He said and came close to her. 
She was stunned by their closeness. He lifted her hand and kissed the back of her hand. 
“It means a lot to me. Because it’s the first present I’m giving you.” 
She stared at him and could not let out a word. 
She could feel his face leaning into hers. 
They had been dating for one month but they had not yet kissed. He gave her some time to adjust with him. 
Today, he wanted to take one step forward. He desired to kiss her. 
She could feel his breath close to her lips. She did not refuse him. She closed her eyes and let him do what he wanted. He was her boyfriend. He had a right to her. 3 
However, Ryan’s face appeared to her mind. She felt that Ryan had kissed her before. But they did not kiss on Luna Ella’s birthday night. So, what gave her the feeling that Ryan had kissed her? 
She was having an internal dilemma. But when Ethan’s lips touched hers, she flung open her eyes and shoved him away. 
“I–I can’t.” 
Plz follow Reddit group and request more novels.. thanks
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71
Ethan was taken aback by Allison’s push. He stared at her face. She did not look good. Her eyes became glossy, and her lips were quivering. 
He calmed himself and leaned on her again. 
Allison was sobbing. She had no idea what was going on. What was wrong with her? Why could she not stay calm and let him kiss her? 
When Ethan leaned close to her, he pulled her to his chest and hugged her. 
“Why are you crying? I didn’t want to make you cry.” 
She hugged him back and cried. 
He patted her back. “I am sorry. It was my fault.” 
She shook her head at his chest. “No, it was not your fault. I am sorry.” She mumbled. 
He broke the hug and cupped her face. 
“Look at me. I know you need time, and you can take as much time as you want. Just don’t cry, okay? I will never kiss you without your consent. So you don’t have to feel like this.” 
She bit her bottom lip and nodded her head. 
He smiled at her and wiped her tears. 
They talked to each other and stayed in Ethan’s room for a while. 
Ethan tried to make her understand that no matter what, he would stay with her always. 
They heard a knock on the door. 
“Come in.” Ethan said. 
A maid entered and said, 
“Luna is calling both of you downstairs.” 
“We are coming.” He replied. Then the maid left the room. 
Allison stood up. “Let’s go?” 
“Yeah.” 
They left the room and headed to the staircase. 
At that moment, Allison saw Ryan and the woman coming down from the rooftop. 
‘What were they doing on the rooftop? I thought they were in the bedroom.‘ Allison thought. 
Ethan had yet to notice them. He put his hand on her shoulder and pulled her closer. 
I 
“Why are you still upset? I told you I was sorry.” 
Allison’s eyes were fixed on Ryan. Ryan glanced at Ethan and then rolled his eyes. The woman locked her arm with his and came down. 
“Hello, Ethan.” The woman spoke with an alluring tone. 
Ethan turned his head to her and looked behind her. 
“Ryan, why did you take-” 
“Oh, shut up. I am not interested in your nonsense.” Ryan interrupted him. He turned his head to Allison and said to Ethan, 
“Just focus on your girlfriend. Well, that’s what you are doing, though.” 
His eyes pierced into her eyes. She could not help but look away from him. 
“Let’s go, Darling.” 
Ryan said to the woman and headed downstairs. 
Ethan and Allison followed them behind. 
When they reached downstairs, everyone was sitting on the couches, and the tea table in front of them was full of snacks and beverages. 
Ryan held the woman’s hand and went directly to the door. 
Alpha Neil saw him and stood up. 
“Ryan” 
Everyone became silent. Ethan went to his father hurriedly and said, “Dad, please.” 
One thing that cleared Allison’s mind was that Ethan always tried to unite the family. He did not want them to break 
Ryan turned around and looked at his father from afar. 
“Yes?” 
“What is this woman doing here?” 
“She came here to hang out with me.” 
“This is my pack house, not a museum where you can take ladies to hang out anytime.” 
“Well, same thoughts. That’s why I am taking her somewhere else.” 
Alpha Neil glared at him. Ryan scoffed as if he did not feel any fear. 
“R–Ryan, I–I think I–I should 1–leave.” The young woman spoke out and let go of Ryan’s hand. The head Alpha was getting angry, how could anyone disobey him? 
Ryan was about to stop her, but before that, Ethan said, 
“Yeah, you should leave.” 
The woman nodded her head and left the pack house. 
Allison was staring at Ryan. How could he be so shameless? 
She moved her eyes and saw the disappointment in Luna Ella’s eyes. She could see anger in Alpha Neil’s eyes. 
Her parents were quiet and did not let out anything. But they also did not expect this type of behavior from Ryan. 
Ryan glared at Ethan for telling the woman to leave. 
He turned around to leave the pack house when Alpha Neil said, 
“Come and join us.” 
Everyone was stunned. They thought he would tell him to leave, but he was telling him to join. 
Ryan turned and headed to Alpha Neil. “Are you kidding me, Alpha Neil?” He asked and stood in front of him. 
Alpha Neil sat down on the couch and grabbed the teacup. He blew the smoke out of the tea and replied, 
“You will leave in six months anyway. So attend the get–together. It’s a family party.” 
“Am I a member of this family?” 
“Unfortunately, you are. 
Ryan looked like he would talk back to him, but he did not say anything else and went to sit on one of the couches. 
“Allison, sit.” Luna Ella said to her when she saw her standing alone. 
Allison walked to the couch and sat beside her mother. 
The heat of the atmosphere calmed down. Others glanced at Alpha Neil, who was trying to calm himself after arguing, 
Allison knew that he also loved his son. He was afraid to scold him. Because what if Ryan left the pack again, like last time? a 
Everyone started to talk. Allison glanced at Ryan. He was busy using his phone. He was not 
even talking to anyone. 
She averted her gaze from him and told herself, ‘Please stop messing with my mind. He is a bad boy. I can’t look at him. I should focus on my boyfriend only.” 
Alpha Neil looked at Luna Ella and said, 
“We should get ready for war anytime.” 
Everyone looked at him. Why was he talking about war? Allison paid attention to him. 
Alpha Neil explained, 
neve on 
“Alpha Easton has our pack. He can attack our pack.” 
“But we stopped the pack border for his pack.” Luna Ella said. 
“Yeah. That’s why he will take someone else’s help and attack our pack indirectly. Last time they attacked the future Alpha of this pack.” 
Beta Glen shook his head. “No, I don’t think so, Alpha. He will take time to plan anything.” 
“Why? 
“I heard his beta, Beta Ramon, has been sick since last month. Someone attacked him one month ago and almost killed him.” 
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72
“What are you saying? Who attacked him?” Alpha Neil asked. 
“Who knows? Maybe some of their enemies.” Beta Glen replied. 
Alpha Neil’s eyes turned dark. “Though I stopped the boundary, that did not mean I would forgive Alpha Easton for what he did with my son.” 
“Oh really? What will you do?” Ryan spoke out. 
Everyone’s eyes shifted to him. He was sitting on the couch, leaning his back against the backrest. 
“Let me guess.” He put his finger on his chin and dabbed for a few seconds as if he was thinking of the possibilities. 
“Yes, I got it. You will stop the pack business with him. Or maybe ask another pack to do the same because I don’t think you have the guts to announce a war against that Alpha.” 
“RYAN” 
Luna Ella yelled and glared at him. 
“Mom, stop yelling. I am telling you all the facts.” 
Ethan sent a quick glance in the direction of his father, Alpha Neil, who was incensed by Ryan’s statement because it was so openly disrespectful to him. 
“Ryan, can’t you just shut your mouth?” Ethan said. 
“Listen, Big bro. I did not have any interest in staying here. Your father was the one who told me to join in. Now that I have just spoken out my opinions, you all are trying to shut my mouth. Is it a fact? You all are bullying me.” Ryan replied with an innocent face. 
Allison rolled her eyes at this sassy man. She assumed he was intentionally doing or saying something to enrage others. 
“Do you think declaring a war is easy? What do you think? What is a war? You have never been to war. You know nothing about fighting. So don’t say anything nonsense.” Beta Glen said to Ryan. He could not control himself to defend his Alpha when Ryan talked about those things. 
Ryan looked at Beta Glen and was about to say something, but stopped when his eyes fell on Allison. She was staring at him. 
He nodded his head and replied to Beta Glen, 
“You are right. I know nothing about fighting and war.” 
Alpha Nell did not argue with Ryan since his answer was given by his Beta. 
After a minute of silence, everyone again started to talk again. 
However, Allison’s eyes did not move away from Ryan. Her eyes were following his 
move. 
She had no idea why this man constantly made his parents dislike him. 
every 
Ryan began to use his phone once again. He got a call, so he went to receive the call in the garden. 
When he returned, everyone was headed to the dining room. 
“Join us for dinner.” Luna Ella requested Ryan. 
Ryan did not reject her request and joined them at the dining table. 
Allison sat down on a chair. Ethan sat beside him. Surprisingly, Ryan sat opposite her. 
She tried her best to avoid him. 
“Allison, what is your future plan?” Alpha Neil asked her. 
“Yes, Alpha?” She turned her head at him. 
“What will you do after graduation?” 
“I want to get a good job after graduation.” 
“Job? Why would you work outside? You are welcome to join my company. You can work with 
any of my companies. You are free to choose any position. I have faith in your abilities.” 
She smiled at him but said nothing. She desired to pursue something based on her own 
credentials. 
“You don’t need to do anything outside because you will have to handle the entire pack with me in the future.” Ethan spoke to her in hushed tones. 
She put down her fork and looked at him. When he observed her reaction, he laughed. 
She turned back to her plate, but she froze when she noticed Ryan staring at her. 
His eyes were profound and dark. He looked indifferent. But his eyes were telling her that he 
was enraged. 
Her heart was beating like a marathon. Inside, her wolf was wailing. She felt distressed in her heart for no reason. 
He looked away from her and continued eating. She did not comprehend what was happening 
to her. 
After dinner, Beta Glen asked Alpha Neil to permit them to leave. 
“Allison, you are like my daughter. Even though Ethan is fully recovered, you are welcome to visit this pack house at any time. I miss you daily, honey.” Luna Ella said to Allison. 
Allison hugged her. In one month, she became close to Luna Ella. They spent a lot of time together while she was taking care of Ethan. 
About Ethan, she felt it was her responsibility to take care of him since he had saved her. 2 
“I will.” Allison replied to her. 
Ryan walked out of the pack house as if he was getting bored. 
He stood outside and was about to light a cigarette but stopped when he heard a voice behind 
him. 
“Ryan” 
He turned around and smiled at Allison’s mother, Joey. 
“Yes, Aunt?” 
She walked to him and said, “I am leaving, so I thought to talk to you.” 
“Yeah.” 
“How are you?” 
He stared at Joey for a while before replying, 
“Good.” 
“You know how Alpha Neil is, dear. Don’t worry about his words. He adores you tremendously. The same is true for your mother. Don’t be disrespectful to them. They truly love you.” She attempted to persuade him of the facts. 
He shook his head and replied, “They only love Ethan. But it doesn’t matter to me anymore.” 
“Look, what you do in your personal life will affect your future. Your mate will be upset about your actions.” 
Ryan scoffed when he heard her. “Yeah, mate.” 
“What?” 
“Nothing, Aunt. Tell me. How are you? Don’t mind if I somehow spoke inappropriately to your husband.” He said and winked at her. 
She chuckled. “You are a good boy. You can be happy with others if you stay calm.” 
He nodded his head. Beta Glen, Allison, and Ethan came out of the pack house. They noticed 
them and approached them. 
Beta Glen gave Ryan a sidelong glance but did not say anything. 
Joey smiled at Ryan and went to the car with Beta Glen. 
Only Ryan, Allison, and Ethan were left there. 
Allison headed to the car when Ethan stopped her. 
“Allison” 
She turned to him, and he pulled her into a hug. 
She was stunned at first, but then she hugged him back. 
“Bye.” Ethan said, breaking the hug. 
“Bye.” She replied. 
She glanced at Ryan. He started to walk to the other side while smoking. 
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73
The next day, Allison went to school on time. She told Teresa what had happened at the pack 
house. 
“You mean Ryan dared to destroy the get–together? This boy! He even took a woman into the house? Where is his fear? He seems fearless.” 
Allison nodded her head and walked to the class with Teresa. 
“But let me ask you one question. What gives you such a bad mood? You should be happy that you are with your boyfriend now. The love of your life is with you. The one you loved your whole life has become yours. Now what?” 
The pace of Allison’s steps slowed down. She looked at Teresa and gave a slight head shake. 
“I don’t know. I am feeling strange. Regardless of how much I attempt to rein in my wolf, nothing seems to work. She lost her mind completely. She became crazy. Every time I saw Ryan…” She paused and lowered her head. 
Teresa held her hand and walked to the cafeteria. 
“What? We can’t miss the class.” 
“Shut up. I need to hear you. Finally, you have decided to tell me your actual problems. It’s more important to me than attending classes, which I can attend tomorrow too.” 
They sat at two seated tables. Teresa left the table to go to the counter, where she placed an order for two strawberry shakes and then returned with them. 
“Take a sip and tell me what is wrong with you and your wolf.” 
Allison did what she was told and said, 
“I don’t know what is happening to me, Tess. My wolf is out of control now. Many days ago, Ryan led me to a place deep within the forest, and after I had regained control of my wolf form, I went there. There, I met Ryan, but fortunately for me, he was unable to recognise me. This worked out well for me. But he met my wolf. From that day on, my wolf wanted to meet him. Since he was the one who my wolf met first after recovery, I think she… 
“She likes Ryan?” 
Allison’s head was low. She did not reply. It stated that Teresa guessed right. 
“So you like Ethan, and your wolf likes Ryan?” Teresa asked another question. 
Allison lifted her head and shook her head. 
“I don’t know.” 
“What? Even now, you have no idea whether or not you like Ethan. But despite that, your choose to get involved with him in a relationship?” 
“I–I was… I have no idea what occurred with me throughout that time. I thought it was the best decision for me because he had saved me.” 
Teresa grabbed her arms. “Allison, are you crazy? I thought you were still thinking about that rejection. So I gave it the benefit of the doubt. But did you fall out of love with Ethan?” 
She looked at Teresa. She had never thought of anything like that. 
“I don’t know.” 
“What the heck! You are in serious need of some help.” Concerned, Teresa replied while placing a hand on her forehead. 
Allison was silent. However, Teresa’s eyes widened. 
“Your wolf can’t like Ryan. He is not a well–behaved young man. He is basically making out with different girls every single day. His activities and reputation are well known to everyone. There is no way to change him. I told you thaf he would not stop his desire for many days. It became his habit to be with different girls.” Teresa endeavoured to make her understand. 
When Teresa did not get any reply from Allison, she asked, 
“Forget your wolf. What about you? Do you like Ryan?” 
“N–No.” 
“Why are you stuttering then?” 
Allison took a deep breath and tried to speak confidently. 
“I can’t like him, Teresa. He does not have the manners to talk. His lifestyle is beyond our imagination. About his habit? He can’t be a one–woman man.” 
She said what was on her mind. Teresa stared at her with doubt in her eyes. “Are you sure?” 
“Yeah.” 
Teresa acknowledged her with a nod. They engaged in conversation for a while. After waiting for a few minutes, Ethan eventually entered the cafeteria and took a seat at Allison’s table. 
“I am going to another pack with Dad for a meeting this weekend.” He told Allison. 
“This weekend?” Teresa heard, so she asked. 
“Yeah.” 
“oh.” 
“What happened?” Ethan asked Teresa. 
She shook her head. “Ah, nothing.” 
Allison announced, “This weekend is her birthday,” which brought a smile to Teresa’s lips that Allison rememberedher birthday. 
“Wishing you a happy birthday in advance.” Ethan said. 
“Thanks. But I was thinking of throwing a birthday party. The Alpha of this pack should stay at my party you know. If you attend, the other people will act appropriately; if not, you already know how wild our boys can be.” 
“Unfortunately I can’t come but I will remind them to behave themselves while they will be there. Don’t be concerned.” 
“Thanks, Ethan.” 
After talking with Ethan, Teresa, and Allison left for their class. 
Allison was inactive in the whole class because Ryan attended the class. He was with another girl. 
She did not know how he persuaded a new girl every day. Or why were girls head over heels for this bad boy? 
All of her attention was focused on Ryan and the girl as she shamelessly stroked Ryan’s arms and thighs. 
“The pen will crack.” 
She heard Teresa beside her. She turned to her and asked, “What?” 
Teresa signaled with her head in her hand. “If you place all of your wrath on the are holding in your hand, it will break.” 
pen 
that 
you 
When she looked at her hand, she noticed that she was holding on to the pen rather firmly. 
She put the pen on the bench and looked outside the window. 
“I think you should reconsider your relationship.” 
“What?” 
“Yeah. You should take a step back and evaluate your relationship with Ethan.” 
“Nothing is like that. He is my boyfriend and I-” 
“I don’t think so. The way you are reacting to Ryan’s actions, I can’t believe you anymore.” 
“Teresa, plea-” 
“Allison and Teresa, if you talk again, I will give you two detention.” The professor spoke out. 
They stopped talking and looked at their books. “Sorry, sir.” They said it together. 
The professor let it go and focused on the lesson. 
After all the classes, Teresa and Allison left the school. Teresa headed to her car and said, 
“Ethan can’t come, but you are my best friend. You have to come to my birthday party this 
weekend.” 
Allison smiled and replied, 
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74
Allison spent the whole week in confusion. She tried her best to stop thinking about Ryan and focus on Ethan. 
Yesterday, Ethan left the pack with Alpha Neil and her father to go to the Red Moon pack to attend a pack meeting. 
“Allison, are you ready?” 
Allison heard her mother calling her from downstairs. 
“Yes, Mom.” She replied with a loud voice so that her mother could hear her. 
She looked in the mirror to see if everything was okay. 
She was wearing a black fitted dress that stopped in her mid–thigh. 
She and Teresa went shopping yesterday, and Teresa chose this dress for her. 
Allison stared at herself. She put on light makeup and let her hair down. 
In that dress, only her legs were visible. It was not a revealing dress because it had a high neck and long sleeves. It was not a slutty dress. 
She went downstairs, and her mother looked at her. 
“As usual. Stunning.” Her mother complimented her. 
“Thanks, Mom.” She said and hugged her mother. She kissed her cheek and said goodbye. 
Since her father was out of the pack, it was good for Allison. Otherwise, he would tell her to come early. 
It was Teresa’s birthday. How could she leave her alone and come back home earlier? 
She got in her father’s car, and the driver started the car. 
The car reached the club where Teresa was holding the party. 
She got down and told the driver, 
“I will call you thirty minutes before coming out so that you can come to pick me up. You can go back now.” 
“Okay, madam.” The driver‘ replied. 
Allison smiled at him and walked to the club.. 
Her black boots and black dress gave her a hot look. 
The guards looked at her and stopped her. 
“Where is your ID card, Miss?” 
She opened her purse and tried to find her ID card to show them her age. 
Her eyes widened when she realized that she had forgotten her ID card on the dressing table. 
“I forgot my ID card. But the party owner knows me. You can call her.” 
The guards shook their heads. “Step aside, Miss. Let others enter.” 
She saw other boys and girls entering the club after showing their ID cards. 
She tried to call Teresa while standing aside. Many boys who came to attend the party did not go inside the club and stood in a corner while staring at her. Everyone in the school knew her. Boys were over her after she changed her looks. Though they stayed away when Ethan declared that she was his girlfriend. But now Ethan was out of the pack, so they got the chance. 
Allison frowned when she saw others glancing at her. Teresa was not receiving her calls. She saw a girl from her class. 
The girl saw her and walked to her. Allison told her that she had forgotten her ID card. 
“Let me try.” The girl said and looked at the guards. 
“Excuse me, she is with me. Let her enter the club. She is eighteen plus.” 
meu 
One of the guards inquired her. “Show me your ID first.” 
The girl showed her ID, and the guard told her to enter the club. 
“What about her?‘ 
“She can’t enter. She has to show her ID before entering. It’s a major rule. We can’t let any underage people enter the club.” 
Allison told the girl to go inside, and took Teresa here. She nodded and entered the club. 
Allison waited two minutes. She assumed that the girl forgot to call Teresa. 
She thought about going back to her house and took her ID card back. 
But before she would turn around, someone spoke out, 
“She is with me.” 
She froze at the voice. She did not turn and stood still. 
The guards looked shocked. “We are so sorry, Sir. We did not know that she is with you.” 
Allison felt the owner of the voice stand beside her. She turned her head at him. 
Ryan was looking straight at the guards. They stepped aside and gestured with their hands towards the door. 
“Please, Sir.” 
Ryan walked to the door without glancing at Allison.. 
She stared at his back until he disappeared inside. 
“Sorry, Miss. Please go inside.” One of the guards said. 
Allison entered the club. She looked around and tried to find Teresa. 
She saw her talking with some girls. When Teresa saw her, she ran towards her. 
“I was waiting for you. Where were you?” Teresa asked and hugged her. 
“Happy Birthday, Tess.” She broke the hug and took out a gift box from her bag. 
“What is it?” 
“Your birthday gift.” 
Teresa opened the box and saw a pretty locket chain. She immediately wore the chain since Allison gave it to her. 
“Pretty.” Allison praised her. 
“Thank you, my bestie. But why are you so late?” 
“Where is your phone?” Allison asked, pretending to be angry. 
“My phone? My phone is at the bar counter. I went to dance, so I gave it to the bartender. Why? Did you call me?” 
Allison shook her head. She did not make it an issue. It was her fault that she forgot her ID card at home. 
“No, I forgot to take my ID, so the guards were refusing to let me enter. But Ryan helped me 
so.” 
“Ryan helped you? That’s nice of him. I should thank him. By the way, I thought he would not 
come.” 
Allison glanced at the dance floor, she noticed the girl earlier who tried to help her. She was dancing with a boy. Allison understood that she forgot about her after finding her boyfriend 
inside. 
“Come, let’s go to the bar. I will cut the cake a few minutes later. I was waiting for you actually. 
“Okay.” 
They headed to the bar when a girl stopped Teresa. Allison let Teresa talk to the girl and 
strolled to the bar. 
Her eyes fell on Ryan. He was drinking alone. She slowly walked to him and sat down on a stool beside him. 
He was facing the counter, so she spun her stool towards the counter and ordered a soft drink for her. She turned her head to Ryan and said, 
“You helped me. Thanks for that.” 
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75
Ryan did not reply to Allison. He looked at the bartender who was smiling sheepishly after hearing Allison. 
Ryan rolled his eyes. “Can’t you just focus on your own work, Mr. Barman?” 
Allison frowned at Ryan’s behavior. She glanced at the bartender, who looked innocent. He bowed his head and mumbled, “Sorry, Sir.” 
Allison got angry and glared at Ryan. 
“You can’t talk to people like that. Why are you behaving rudely with him?” 
The bartender’s eyes brightened at Allison’s defense. 
He looked at Ryan and smirked at him. “She is so sensible. She knew how to behave well with others.” 
“Shut up, Vernon.” Ryan muttered and stood up from his seat. 
Allison was somewhat aback when she discovered Ryan knew the barman. 
Ryan began to move away from Allison without looking back. He pretended she was invisible to him. 
Allison turned to the bartender and asked, 
“Hey, do you know each other?” 
He grinned and extended his hand to her. 
“Hello, I am Vernon. And yes, we know each other. We are friends.” 
She accepted his hand and shook it. “Oh. I am Allison. Nice to meet you.” 
Vernon handed her the drink she had requested. She sipped it while staring at Ryan. 
He was sitting down on a couch. A girl approached him and sat near him. She began to converse with him, and he reciprocated. 
Vernon was working while keeping an eye on Allison. 
“He’s always like that,” he mumbled, which she clearly heard. Despite the loud music, she could hear him because she was sitting at the counter. 
She did not take her gaze away from Ryan and responded, “Like what? By the way, how do you know him?” 
“I have known him for five years.” 
Vernon’s words grabbed her attention, and she turned to him. 
“Five years? But he was abroad.” She said and paused while looking at him. 
He nodded at her with a smile. Her eyes widened. 
“You mean you are his friend from outside?” 
“Well, yeah.” 
“Are you from our pack?” 
“No.” 
“Then?” 
Vernon’s eyes shifted from her to behind her at Ryan. 
“Something happened, and some people demolished my pack. That time, someone saved me 
gave me a reason to stay alive.” 
and 
Allison attempted to comprehend Vernon’s statement. “Who?” She inquired, her gaze fixed on 
him. 
He lowered his head and mixed a drink. “Someone very powerful.” 
“Then how did you become friends with Ryan?” 1 
“We met outside, and our vibes matched, so we thought we should be friends.” 
“That means you came to our pack with him?” 
“Yeah.” 
“I see.” 
Allison considered Vernon to be a close friend of Ryan’s. 
She cast a glance towards Ryan. She noticed the girl talking so close to him. His hand was wrapped around her slim waist. They looked like they would kiss in no time. 
She tightened her fists and averted her gaze from them. She did not know why she was feeling distressed. Her heart was breaking while seeing him with another girl every day. 
Vernon cleared his throat and leaned on the counter, resting his arms there. 
She was paying attention to him. He gave her a smile and said, “You look upset.” 
“Me? N–No.” She 
replied/trying to keep her face calm. 
She thought something through and asked, 
“You are Ryan’s old frien-” 
24 
“I am also Ryan’s friend. What happened?” 
Someone interrupted her and came to sit beside her. 
It was Owen. She recognized him. She went to his birthday party with Ryan. 
“Hi, Owen.” 
“Hello, Allison. How are you?” 
“I am good.” 
At that time, Teresa came there. She also took one of the stools. 
“Who are you talking with? Introduce me.” Teresa said to Allison. 
“Yeah. He is Owen, and he is Vernon. They are Ryan’s friends.” 
“We are Max’s friends, too.” Vernon said up as he looked at Teresa. 
Teresa cast a peek at Vernon, then looked away from him when she realized he was directing 
his words at her. 
“Good. Nice to meet you both.” Teresa said without looking at them. 
“By the way, where is Max?” Owen asked Teresa. 
“How would I know? I don’t think he will come. He is not here.” She replied. 
“He will come for sure. Maybe he is stuck with some work, he will be here shortly.” Vernon 
said and chuckled. 
Teresa rolled her eyes, and everyone laughed. Allison shook her head at the teasing happening 
there. 
She was so busy in the conversation that she could not notice that someone was staring at her 
from afar. 
Teresa received “Happy Birthday” greetings from Owen and Vernon. 
“Thanks guys.” Teresa said and looked at Allison.. 
“Allison, I came to take you. I will cut the birthday cake now.” 
“Let’s go.” 
Allison said and stood up. She looked at Vernon and Owen and said, 
See you later, guys.” 
“Yeah, take your time. It’s your best friend’s birthday.” Vernon replied. 
Allison was taken aback when she thought about how he knew that Teresa was her best friend. 
Because she didn’t tell him that. Did Ryan tell them about her? 
Teresa took her to the center of the club. Four waiters arrived with a stunning chocolate cake. 
Everyone gathered around them, and Teresa cut the cake. 
Teresa was excited, but fear ran through her heart. She knew it was her eighteenth birthday. Very soon, she would get to know who her mate was. 
She took a piece of cake and fed the first bite to Allison because she was her best friend. 
Others clapped and cheered for her. 
Suddenly, she felt a scent that stopped her heart from beating. Her heart was pounding. She peered about, hoping to discover the scent’s owner. 
Allison understood that Teresa was searching for someone. 
She tapped her on the shoulder. “What happened, Tess?” 
She grabbed her hand and mumbled, “I am feeling strange, Allison.” 
Allison tried to understand, but Teresa was gazing somewhere else. She dashed through the crowd to find someone. 
Teresa came to a halt in front of the man who owned the scent. He had just entered the club. and his eyes turned red. 
It was Max, the person Teresa always liked. 
She could not stop herself from hugging him. “Mate” 
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76
Teresa hugged Max tightly. Max wrapped his arms around her in a protective way. 
He growled and said, 
“Mine. 
Everyone heard him because the music had already stopped when Teresa rushed to Max. 
Everyone understood what was happening. Teresa found her mate. Max was her mate. 
After a while, the music started, so others began to drink and kept themselves busy dancing again. 
Allison stared at Teresa and Max. They looked happy with each other. They were cupping each other’s faces and talking with smiles. 
A tear dropped from Allison’s eyes. She wiped it immediately and turned around to sit somewhere. 
She was thrilled and overjoyed for her best friend. She always told Teresa that she should control her heart because she did not want Teresa to be heartbroken by her mate. 
However, Teresa got who she loved. Her fate did not play with her as Allison’s fate did. Her mate loved her and happily accepted her. 
Allison sat on a couch. Her gaze wandered aimlessly throughout the nightclub until it abruptly landed on the dance floor. 
Ryan and the girl he had been seated with earlier had moved on to the dance floor. 
She could see how he was wrapping his hands around that girl’s waist. The girl’s hands were placed on his neck. They were standing pretty close to each other. 
Allison immediately looked away from them. She saw a couple making out on the couch beside 
her. 
It irritated her. When she was going to get up, her phone started to ring. 
When she looked at the screen, she could see that Ethan was calling her. 
She got to her feet and headed in the direction of the entrance. She glanced at Teresa, who was now dancing with her mate, So she did not disturb her and went out of the club. 
She received the call and walked outside the club. 
“Hello” 
“Where are you?” Ethan asked. 
“I am with Teresa, it’s her birthday tonight.” 
“I know that. She invited me. You forgot?” 
“Oh yes.” 
“Wade could not go there because he had some stuff to do. How are you doing there?” 
“Good.” 
“Are you having fun?” 
“Well, yeah.” 
without me?” 
There was no response from Allison. She did not make a sound. It was unclear to her what her response should be. 
“Why are you quiet? Are you okay?” 
“I am okay, Ethan. How is it going there?” 
“Fine. We came to meet Alpha Axel. The meeting did not go so well.” 
“Why?” 
“I think he likes Alpha Easton more than us. 
“What did he say?” 
“It was not a one–to–one meeting. Other Alphas were also here. But Alpha Easton was missing. So we couldn’t see their interactions.” 
“I hope everything is okay.” 
“Yeah, it is. Don’t worry, your boyfriend is Alpha Ethan. No one can harm my people in front of me, they can only plan behind my back.” 
“I know.” 
“I’m sorry, I’m wasting your precious time with your best friend.” 
“No, nothing is like that.” 
“Okay, I will call you later. Go and have fun with her. Enjoy your time because when I will come back, you have to give me all of your time.” 
“Got it.” 
“Bye.” 
“Bye, Ethan.” 
When he hung up the phone, she looked at the street. During their conversation, she moved quite a distance away from the club. 
She looked around and realized she had come to an alley. 
It was late at night. So she was a little bit afraid. She headed to the way from where she came. 
Many drunk couples were passing through there. She did not look at them and kept walking. 
But she came to a complete stop the moment she turned the left. 
She took a step back. 
Ryan’s face was pressed against the girl’s. He almost kissed her. Their bodies were very close to each other. 
Allison just looked at him blankly. She clutched her hands. She wanted to go and pushed them away from each other. 
They heard sounds of her heels, which caused them to tilt their heads toward her. 
She froze when her eyes met Ryan’s. 
He rolled his eyes. “What? Have you never seen a couple making out before? Why are they disturbing us?” 
His statements astonished Allison, who was caught off guard by him. She did not move her eyes from him like a stubborn girl. 
“Tsk, this girl!” He uttered. 
His utterance made the girl look at him. She cupped his face and asked, 
“Ryan, what happened?” 
He moved back from the girl and pushed her hands away. 
“Babe, go back to the club.” 
“What? But-” 
“Someone’s face has completely ruined my mood. So just leave before I burst out.” 
The girl cast a quick glance in Allison’s direction before turning her attention to Ryan. She nodded her head and then proceeded in the direction of the club. 
Allison did not move from the position where she was standing. 
Ryan walked past her and headed to the alley. 
Allison did a u–turn and started following him. She was completely confused as to why she was following him. She had no idea why she was having a problem if he was with another girl. 
She was aware from the very beginning that he was a playboy. He played with girls every day, and at first, she had no problem with him at all. In fact, she always tried to avoid him. 
But how did the table turn? 
Why was she following him now? Why did she always think about him? 
“Stop following me.” He 
“He said while walking. 
She did not reply and followed his steps. After walking for five minutes in silence, he stopped his steps. 
Allison also stopped and realized that they had come to a dark alley. It was an unknown route 
for her. 
If she lost her way here, she did not know how she would go back. 
She looked at Ryan. He placed a cigarette between his lips and lit it. 
He puffed on the cigarette and blew out the smoke from his mouth. 
She stared at him. 
He was wearing black skinny Jeans and a black shirt tucked in. 
He was hot, and she could not deny it. But she did not like his behavior and his lifestyle. He was totally different from her. 
She glanced at the cigarette. She remembered that she had seen him smoke quite a few times. 
She gathered her courage and slowly walked toward him. 
She grabbed his hand, which was holding the cigarette, and said, 
“Smoking is not good for your health.” 
He stayed still for a moment and glanced at her hand. He jerked his hand out of her grip and turned his head at her. 
“You don’t have to think about my health. I’m not your boyfriend.” 
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77
Allison was stunned by his actions. Then she felt his words pierced her heart directly. 
He was r 
He was not her boyfriend. 
But why exactly did she feel concerned about him? 
She took a few steps back, and he turned his gaze away from her. His eyes were cold enough to freeze anything by just glancing at it. 
He began to smoke again. She did not say anything. She walked to the wall close to them and stood against it. 
She only gazed at him while he was smoking. They were both silent. 
She looked at the sky. Even the sky was dark. The back alley did not have any moonlight to illuminate it. They were just standing there in the darkness. Only the street light was there, a little far from them to let them see each other’s faces. 
She wanted to break the silence, so she spoke out, 
“Ryan, let’s talk.” 
He did not reply to her. He gave her the silent treatment. 
She saw him light another cigarette. She had the want to stop him once more, but she recalled what he had done earlier. Therefore, she stopped herself. 
She felt that he would not talk to her. Consequently, she unlocked her phone in order to make 
a call to her driver. 
She saw that there was no network. She looked both to the left and to the right. She was unable to see anyone else but the two of them. 
She accepted her defeat and stood there helplessly. 
She tried again and said, 
“Let’s talk.” 
This time, she got his reply. 
“I don’t want to talk to you.” 
Due to the fact that she was facing his back, she frowned at him from behind. From the moment she stood against the wall. He did not turn once to glance at her. 
“Why?” She questioned him. 
She heard nothing in response. Because of his behavior, she felt irritated. 
So she went to him and grabbed his arm. She turned him to her and looked at him. 
“Why? Why don’t you want to talk?” 
His eyes met hers. She felt her heart pounding. 
“Do you still have something to say?” He gritted his teeth. 
“I–I…” 
She was at a loss for words. She was looking into his cold eyes. 
What would she say to him? What did she want to say? 
In his presence, she found herself unable to utter a sound. 
“What? Cat caught your tongue?” 
She averted her gaze from him and cleared her throat. 
“Why are you mad? I just wanted to talk.” 
“And what do you want to talk about, my big brother’s girlfriend?” 
He reminded her of her position in his eyes. She almost forgot about Ethan when she approached him. 
She blinked and tried to calm herself. But the darkness appeared in his eyes, and she could not help but take a step back. 
He stepped forward. His dark demeanor made her take a few steps back. 
She gulped when her back pressed against the wall. 
He stopped in front of her and blew smoke over her face. 
She closed her eyes and turned her face to avoid the smoke. 
Looking at her reaction, he dropped the cigarette on the ground and crashed it with his shoes. 
“So what were you saying?” He asked while looking at her. 
She opened her eyes and turned her head toward him. 
“I–I was saying d–don’t smoke.” She let out. 
“Why? Why do you care about my health? Who am I to 
She tried to find the answer but could not get it. 
When he saw her silence, he said, 
you, 
huh?” 
“Oh yes. I am your boyfriend’s brother.” 
“Why are you bringing him into our conversation?” 
“Aww. Is my brother’s girlfriend now feeling protective of my brother? Not bad. So defensive! 
His each and every word came out as sarcasm. He was mocking her nonchalantly. 
It caused her to feel enraged. She then gave a slight nod of her head and replied, 
“You are right. I have a protective instinct toward him. After all, he is my boyfriend.” 
Her answer turned his face grim. He came close to her face, which made her feel scared. 
He grabbed her chin and glared at her then warned her, 
“Show this confidence to your loser boyfriend. Don’t show it to me. Because I am not Ethan. I am Ryan. I hope you haven’t forgotten my name yet.” 
She was frightened by his actions. The way he was looking at her. He was a totally different 
person. 
She pushed him with all of her strength and said, 
“Why are you doing this? I know you are not like that. You almost stopped playing around. You even told me once that you wanted to be a better person. Then what happened that you had to change again? Why? Why are you behaving like this? What do you want?” 
Her push did not move him a little bit. But he let go of her chin. He gazed at her as though the words she had just spoken had caused his blood to boil. 
“Do you really want to know what I want?” 
She nodded her head. 
Yes, I wa…mmnnnm” 
Before she could finish her statement, he leaned forward and smashed his lips against hers. 
He kissed her. 
Her eyes widened. She stood there frozen. Her heart and body went numb at the same time. 
However, she could feel his lips moving on hers as they made contact. 
His hands encircled her waist. At that moment, she realized what was happening. 
She tried to push him, but he pressed his body against hers, so she could only struggle under his strong arms. 
Her heartbeat began to race at the warmth of his lips. She felt goosebumps all over her body. 
She pushed on his chest when she was unable to breathe. 
He released her lips and looked into her innocent eyes. 
His one hand lifted to cup her cheek. 
She feit her knees quiver at the way he was looking at her. 
“You asked me what I wanted, right? 
This is what I want. I want you.” 
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78
Allison stared at him with a bewildered expression on her face. 
She was speechless and unable to respond. 
He had just kissed her. 
It was her first kiss. He took it away from her. 
He even told her that he wanted her. 
He went so far as to tell her that he wanted her. 
His gaze slid from her eyes to her lips as he continued to stare. 
She shook her head. 
“Ryan, this is not right. You can’t..Mmmm” 
He pressed his lips against hers once again. 
swent 
A tingling sensation through all over her body as their lips touched. She felt his hands. tilt her head as he kissed her more passionately, his lips moving delicately but desperately against hers. 
Suddenly, she forgot the whole world. Her wolf and her body yearned to kiss him back. 
At that precise instant, neither the past nor the future held any relevance. 
The heat of the moment, the sparks between them, and the intensity of their kiss were all that 
mattered. 
He moved his one hand, and it swiftly grabbed hold of her waist and held it firmly. 
When his knee slowly moved up between her thighs, she moaned in the kiss and tried to stop. him by closing her thighs tightly. 
He stopped as he seized the opportunity and inserted his tongue into her mouth. 
It was very new to her. She could feel his tongue collide with her. She felt the new sensation. was like heaven to her. 
She was not kissing him back, but she could not deny that she was enjoying the kiss. 
The kiss became rough, as if he was pouring all of his aggression into it. 
He bit her bottom lip, and she moaned in pain. 
He moved his face and looked at her lips. She hissed when he moved back. 
She slowly touched her bottom lip and then looked at her fingers. She could see blood. 
She slowly looked at him. He wiped her bottom lip with his thumb and said, 
“This is your punishment for accepting him.” 
She tried to speak, but nothing came out of her mouth. She was at a loss for words. 
She was confused. She did not know what to do. 
Why was she feeling like she had done nothing wrong? 
She just cheated on Ethan. Someone kissed her when she was already in a relationship with him. What happened to her? 
Ryan grabbed her chin and made her look at him. 
She realized that he was still close to her. His body was still pressed against hers. 
Her lips trembled when she looked into his eyes and mumbled, 
“W–What was t–that?” 
His gaze gently stroked her beautiful face. His eyes clearly displayed a sense of amusement. 
He stroked her cheek with his knuckles and replied, 
“I kissed you. 
“W–Why?” 
“You know the answer. Because I want you.” 
“B–But I told you that I–I am not o–one of your…” She stopped talking and leaned her head against the wall. She closed her eyes, and tears streamed out of her cheeks. 
She felt his fingers wipe away her tears. 
“Why are you crying? Do you really love him so much?” 
She unknowingly shook her head without opening her eyes. 
“You were just making out with another woman. And you turned me into one of them…” She sobbed and could not speak out properly. 
“Open your eyes. 
Π 
The tone of his voice sounded like an order. 
She shook her head. “I can’t face you. I can’t even face myself in the mirror.” 
She was cursing herself for not pushing him a second time when he kissed her. Because she was melted by his kiss. She forgot everything and let him do whatever he wanted. 
“If you won’t open your eyes, I will kiss you again.” 
She immediately opened her eyes. More tears rolled down her cheeks. 
He leaned in and kissed her tears away. 
She tried to push him, but he was like a rock. Her strength could not move him. 
He grabbed her hands and placed them on his neck. 
“Listen to me.” 
“No, I don’t want to.” 
“Calm down.” 
“No, Ryan. I can’t. Do you even know what you have just done? You kissed your brother’s. girlfriend.” 
His face turned fierce. His warm breath brushed her face while he was looking at her. 
“Stop making me angry. I have been controlling myself for a long time. Don’t let my patience break, it will destroy everything.” 
She lowered her head. She was mad at herself. She was lost like a child. 
“I warned do? You accepted Ethan. 
I not to accept anyone in your heart, but what did yo Why?” 
She did not reply. Her eyes were fixed on his chest since her head was low and he was too close 
to her. 
“You said not to go with anyone. I had stopped everything. But what did I get? Nothing.” 
She lifted her head and replied, 
“What do you want from me?” 
“You.” 
“Ryan” 
“I want you, Allison. 
“I am not a thing. 
“But you are mine.” 
She looked away from him. “You know we can’t be together.” 
“Why?” 
She took a deep breath and shoved him away. This time, he moved back. 
She started walking away from him without giving him a response. 
He approached her from behind and grasped her arm. 
“Answer me. Why can’t you be with me?” 
She quickly snatched her hand away from his grip. 
“You are a playboy. You are simply interested in playing with me. After that, you’ll be able to get back to doing the things that you want to do.” 
He frowned at her. “I am not going to prove it again and again. If you do think such, you are more than welcome to do so. But this time, you awakened my beast. I will not let you go.” 
She raised her brows. “What?” 
He pulled her close to him by her waist. 
“Now, even if you run away, you can’t escape from me.” He replied with a smirk. 
“Ryan, I am a simple girl. I am not the kind of girl you had pictured in your head at all. I’m sorry, 
but I can’t be your toy.” She begged him with her eyes. 
He scoffed at her and gritted his teeth. 
“You are not a toy for me to play with. 
You are my destiny, which I will never be able to change.” 
+
###Chapter 79
Chapter 79
He let go of her, and she stepped back. He turned around and started to walk. 
She was puzzled for a few seconds. When she raised her head, she saw him walking far away. She began to follow him. 
Her heartbeat was running fast. She could still feel the feeling of the kiss. 
She did not know where he was going, but it was far from where they had come. 
In the middle of the road, a car stopped beside Ryan. 
Owen came out of the car and tossed the car key to Ryan, who caught it immediately. 
Allison turned her face to another side and wiped her eyes so that Owen could not see her tears. 
“Hey, Allison.” Owen said. 
Allison gave him a small smile and nodded her head at him.. 
He opened the front passenger door and gestured for her to enter. 
She cast a quick glance over at Ryan, who was standing next to Owen. 
‘When did he tell Owen to bring the car here?‘ She thought. 
“No, it’s okay. I will call the driver. He will come to pick me up.” She said to Owen. 
“Allison, your house is far away from here. Your driver would take time to come here.” 
“But I need to tell Teresa before leaving. 
Owen chuckled and replied, 
“Don’t worry, she has already left with her new boyfriend, aka her mate, Max.” 
“She left?” 
“Yeah, she thought you had left the club. She was asking for you. She tried to call you, but it came up unreachable.” 
“Oh.” 
She remembered that there was no network in that alley. But then, how did Ryan contact 
Owen? 
‘Did he mind link Owen? Is his wolf okay?” She thought, but then shook her head to shove those thoughts away. 
Allison sat on the front seat and looked at Owen. 
Ryan then climbed into the driver’s seat. She suddenly had the realization that it was Ryan’s car. She forgot to look at the car in that situation: 
“Bye, Allison. See you again.” Owen waved his hand. She waved back at him. Then Ryan started 
the car. 
She felt shy when she thought about what happened between them. But at the same time, she was thinking about Ethan. 
How would she face him? 
She thought about Ryan’s thoughts too. 
‘Why did he call me his destiny?” 
She turned her head and glanced at him. 
He was driving the car indifferently. Her heart beat faster when she recalled his words. 
“But you are mine.” 
For a moment, she thought, What if he became hers? How would she feel at that moment? 
‘What are you thinking, Allison? You can’t think about him.‘ She tried to convince herself. 
The whole ride was silent. The car reached her house. 
She did not move and sat there motionless. 
He got out of the car and walked around the car. He opened her door and bent down. 
“Come out.” 
She looked at him and went out of the car. 
He gazed at her face. He lifted her hand, and she shut 
reyes. 
She felt his hand moving through her hair. She opened her eyes and saw him setting her hair. 
“Your hair is messy.” 
“Oh.” She nodded and lowered her head. 
When he moved away from his hand, she stepped forward to her house without saying goodbye to him. 
When she rang the doorbell, her mother opened the door. 
Her mother’s eyes fell behind her. 
“Ryan” 
Allison turned and saw Ryan leaning on his car. 
“Come inside.” Her mother said to him. 
Ryan shook his head. “I just came to drop her off.” 
“You won’t listen to your Aunt?” 
“Okay.” 
Ryan walked to the door. Allison averted her gaze and entered the house. 
She was about to go upstairs when her mother stopped her. 
“Where are you going? Stay here with him. I am arranging something for him.” 
Ryan held Joey’s hand. “Aunt, I am full. You don’t have to arrange anything.” 
“How can I let you go without eating anything?” 
“A coffee would be better.” 
“Great. I am coming.” 
Ryan smiled at her and nodded. Joey went to the kitchen, leaving Ryan and Allison alone in the living room. 
Allison was shocked by Ryan’s soft behavior toward her mother. She had never seen him talk like that to anyone. 
Ryan drew his eyes to her and signaled her to the couch. 
“Sit.” 
He was telling her as if it were not her house but his. 
She slowly sat down and attempted to avoid him. 
He sat beside her. She tried to distance herself from him. 
“How long will you run away from me like this?” His deep voice made her clutch her dress. 
At that moment, her phone rang. 
Ethan called her. 
Seeing his name, Allison turned to Ryan. His eyes were dark. 
She was about to receive the call when Ryan grabbed it from her hand. 
“What are you doi-” 
He had already received the call and spoke out, 
“Hello, big brother.” 
Allison’s eyes widened, and her jaw dropped. She could not be more embarrassed. 
This man was the death of her. 
She tried to grab the phone but Ryan moved back. 
“What? No, you didn’t dial the wrong number.” He said and smirked. 
He stood up while talking. So she also stood up to get her phone back. 
He was very tall, and she could not reach her phone. So she tiptoed and grabbed her phone. 
However, he grabbed her waist, and their faces became closer. 
He stared at her. She glanced at her phone and immediately pulled it out of his grip. 
She put it close to her ear and said in an instant, 
“Ethan, he came to drop me off at home.” 
Ryan released her waist and glared at her. 
“Allison, why did you come with him? Where is your driver?” 
“I was late. So he offered me so I came home with him. Nothing more.” 
“That’s good. Where is he?” 
“At my house.” She replied and glanced at Ryan. 
His eyes were shooting a glare at her. Luckily, her mother came out of the kitchen with three cups of coffee. 
“Why?” 
“Ethan, Mom wants to talk to him. That’s why. I will go to sleep now. Bye.” 
“Okay, take care of yourself. Bye.” 
Allison heard Ethan and immediately hang up. She let out a breath of relief. 
“What happened to your lips?” Her mother asked as her eyes fell on her lips. Her bottom lip stopped bleeding, but it was a little swollen. 
“Nothing, Mom,” Allison replied and sat down. 
Ryan did not say anything and sat on the other couch. 
1 
After talking with Allison’s mother, Ryan left her house, totally avoiding her the whole time. 
Allison went to her room and laid on her bed. 
She touched her lips and closed her eyes. His lips left a mark on hers. 
Her wolf growled loudly inside like a strong wolf, which surprised her. “When did my wolf become powerful?” 
###Chapter 80
Chapter 80
The following morning, Allison arrived at school promptly. 
However, Teresa was nowhere to be found today. 
Allison went to a few of her classes by herself. She headed to the cafe when it was time for the 
break. 
She placed an order, and then brought the item to the table. After taking a seat, she dialed Teresa’s number. 
“Hello?” 
On the other end of the phone, Allison heard the sound of a male voice. She removed the phone from her ear and peered at the display to determine whether or not she had actually called Teresa or anyone else. 
It turned out to be Teresa’s phone number. With a frown on her face, she inquired, 
“Who?” 
‘Allison, it’s me, Max.” 
Allison’s eyes widened. “Where is Teresa?” 
“She is in the shower. I will tell her that you called her. Is there anything important to say?” 
“No, no. Bye, Max.” 
She hung up the phone and sighed. 
spent i 
“She was with him at night?” She murmured when she realized that they had night together and flushed as she thought about it. 
Suddenly, her mind went to the things that happened to her last night. 
She patted her cheeks. “No, don’t think about that.” 
Her cheeks flushed with redness. She recalled how Ryan had kissed her last night. Just the thought of the kiss caused her heart rate to increase significantly. 
She nervously bit her lower lip but paused. She touched her lips and mumbled, 
“He bit me.” 
She took a deep breath before unlocking her phone. She made an effort to take her mind off of things. 
“I need to have a conversation with Ethan. I can’t cheat him in any way. I don’t want to do 
anything to hurt his feelings. He put a lot of his faith in me.” She then proceeded to dial Ethan’s phone. 
“Allison” 
“I need to talk to you, 
Ethan.” 
“What happened? Is everything okay?” 
“I am fine. When will you come back?” 
“Soon.” 
“When?” 
“I will let you know.” 
“Okay,” 
“You wanted to say something.” 
“Nothing.” 
She decided to tell him when he would return. Because she did not know what to say? Would she tell him that his brother kissed her? Or would she tell him to break up with her without giving him any reason? 
“Tell me. I am always ready to hear from you.” 
11 
“I will talk to you when you return. I will wait for you.” 
She heard his breath. He was quiet for a few seconds. 
Allison stood up from the chair and started to walk to the next class, her phone was still close 
to her ear. 
“Ethan?” 
“Hmm” 
“Are you okay?” She asked. She felt he sounded upset. 
“I am happy that someone is waiting for me in my pack.” 
“How is it going in the Red Moon Pack?” She avoided his words and asked. 
“Just don’t ask.” 
“Why?” 
“We all know that the Black Moon Pack was demolished by some Alpha, right?” 
Allison tried to remember about that pack. It was about two years ago when everyone was 
frightened by the attack on the Black Moon pack. It was a hot topic at that time. 
Allison heard about it from her father, since he was the beta of this pack. He knew everything related out of the pack. 
The Black Moon pack was one of the biggest packs in the world. Only rich people peacefully there. They used to make the poor pack members their slaves. 
u live 
Their former Alpha was tough and very skilled in battle. He was good at business, too. So he was arrogant about his power. 
However, two years ago, someone attacked his pack and demolished his whole pack in just one night.. 
The collapse of the strongest pack sent shockwaves across the other packs. 
Because everyone knew that no other pack had the number of pack warriors that the Black Moon Pack had. Then how did someone come and destroy the pack in one night? 
Every pack’s head Alpha was unaware of the one who attacked the pack. 
The Alpha who won the war never came to attend any meetings with other packs. 
When 
anyone went to visit that pack, they could not meet him, even if it was the head Alpha of any pack 
The Black Moon pack members claimed that their new head Alpha was the most powerful Alpha in the world because they had seen something in the war that they could not describe to 
anyone. 
“Allison?” Ethan called her name when she was not replying to him. 
“Yes, we know that pack.” She replied. 
“The Black Moon pack’s Alpha had told Alpha Axel that he would come this time, but he did. not come this time again.” 
“Yesterday you said that Alpha Easton from East Flow Pack did not attend the meeting. Now why does Alpha Axel need the head Alpha of The Black Moon pack too? Why does he need everyone?” 
“Alpha Axel is afraid that Black Moon pack’s Alpha would attack his pack too.” 
“I just can’t understand. Why can’t everyone be happy with their own pack? Why does anyone need to attack another’s pack?” She said annoyingly. 
Ethan chuckled at her words. Then his voice became serious. 
“We need to secure our pack from that Black Moon pack’s head Alpha as well. Because he is very dangerous. He decided to go for the most powerful pack first. Now he will come to touch 
other packs too. So we need to ensure our pack members‘ safety. Otherwise, I am not afraid of any Alpha. I am going to keep fighting until I am no longer breathing.” 
“I know you. Dad always talks about your skills in the war. He is your fan.” 
“That’s good. It will be easy for me to persuade him to give his daughter’s hand to me.” 
Allison stopped in front of the class. She heard his words but did not 
ot reply. 
“I will talk to you later.” She said. 
“Okay, Bye.” 
When she ended the call, she looked up to see the professor approaching her way. 
After entering the classroom, she made her way to the very last seat and sat down. 
The professor came in and straight away started the class. 
Allison had just begun to look through her book when she heard a voice. 
“Can I join this class, Professor?” 
Allison looked up from the book she was reading and glanced in the direction of the door. 
There was Ryan, just standing there and looking at the professor. 
“But you are a senior student. This is not a combined class.” 
Ryan rolled his eyes and entered the class without his permission. 
“I thought teachers never stop students from gaining knowledge.” 
The professor did not stop him. Because he also knew that Ryan was the troublemaker in the school. 
“You can sit anywhere.” He muttered. 
All the students were silent. The girls were staring at Ryan in an effort to get his attention. Some of them began to fix their hair so that it would appear more refined. They moved to the side of their benches to make room for Ryan to select one of the seats. 
But Ryan did not even give them a glance, which caused them to become frustrated. 
When Allison noticed Ryan get closer to where she was sitting, she turned her head away from him. 
Ryan sat beside her. Allison‘ moved to the window to stay far from him. 
The professor carried on with the lesson, and the students focused their attention back on him. 
once more. 
Meanwhile, Allison was unable to concentrate on what was going on in the class. She could 
feel Ryan’s gaze on her. 
Suddenly, he moved in close to her ear and said, 
“You need to stop contacting Ethan. I will not tolerate you being around him for another day. I want you to break up with him as fast as you can.” 
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81
Allison turned her head toward him. Her eyes met with his. 
He moved away and looked at the professor. 
She furrowed her brows. 
“And why would I do that?” She asked. 
He replied without looking at her, “You know the reason. Or do you want to hear it again?” 
She turned her head and looked down at the notebook. 
“I will tell him about what happened between us. It was not my fault. If he still agrees to be 
with me, 
then I-” 
He interrupted her by coming close to her face again. 
“Then what? Will you continue your relationship with him?” 
She blinked her eyes a few times. After coming to the realization that she no longer loved Ethan, she decided that she could not proceed. However, she was unable to just say it to Ryan. She did not know him very well at all. Even at that point, she had no idea what his intentions were. If she had to stay single, she did that after breaking up with Ethan. 
“Miss Clark and Mr. Iversen, if you don’t like my class, you can leave.” The professor spoke 
out in sarcasm. 
Ryan turned to the professor and gave him a bright grin. 
“You are right. Thanks, by the way.” He said and grabbed Allison’s hand. 
“What?” She asked Ryan with a shocked face. 
He took her books in his hand and pulled her up from her seat, then headed to the door. 
Everyone was looking at them in shock. The professor was unable to understand what was happening. The purpose of him saying those things was to silence them. 
Ryan paused in front of the professor. He looked at him, 
“You are the best professor in this school. You deserve a promotion.” 
The professor’s jaw dropped after hearing him. He was dumbfounded. 
Ryan dragged Allison out of the class. 
“Leave my hand. Where are you going?” She said angrily. 
She felt humiliated because of the way other people were looking at them. Due to the fact that 
she was still Ethan’s girlfriend, It would be extremely embarrassing for her to be seen with the playboy Ryan when she was already with his brother Ethan. 
He took her to the locker room. “Open your locker and put your books inside.” 
“What? Why? There is still one more lecture that I have to attend.” 
“You are an exceptionally intelligent student. You do not need to be present at each and every 
lesson.” 
“From the day you came to this pack, I became a dull student. I have been unable to pay attention in class.” 
“Wow, nice. I had no idea that I was having such a significant impact on you.” He said while chuckling to himself. 
She was well aware of the fact that she was powerless over this sassy boy. So she placed her 
books in her locker and turned around. 
“Where are you going?” He asked behind her when she started to walk. 
“I am going home.” 
“I didn’t take you out of that class for going home, baby.” 
Her steps halted when she heard him calling her ‘baby‘. 
She realized that it had been a long time since they had last communicated with one another. After Ethan’s accident, he stopped talking to her until last night, when they had at 
conversation. 
She turned to him. “Stop following me.” 
“Last night I asked you the same. But you did not listen to me. How can I listen to you now, baby?” 
Allison cast a quick glance at the area around them. Students were glancing in their direction. 
Her gaze shifted in his direction. “Don’t bother me. I am already in quite a predicament. I have to get back to my home.” 
“I have just begun to bother you, and you are already tired? I can’t stop myself, not so soon.” 
She clenched her hands into fists and then spun around. “Do whatever you want.” She 
muttered and walked to the entrance area. 
She went out of the school and was about to call her driver to pick her up, Ryan’s voice came to her ear. 
“Come with me in my car.” 
street. 
She had no doubt that he would follow her. Without her knowing, she was liking it. 
She walked over to the bus stand and sat down on one of the benches there. 
He stood beside her. “Allison” 
“What?” 
He sat next to her. “Mom told me today to pick you up. 
“Why?” 
“I don’t know. Aunt Joey is also at the pack house today.” 
She was stunned. She looked at him and inquired, “My mom is there? But she didn’t tell me anything about it.” 
“I went to the class to take you to the pack house. You can ask your mom. She is there.” 
Allison unlocked her phone and saw many missed calls from Teresa. Her phone was silent in class, so she could not realize it. 
She called her mother. 
“Allison” 
“Mom, are you at the pack house right now?” 
“Yes.” 
“You didn’t tell me that you were going there.” 
“Luna Ella suddenly called me to go to the pack house. So I thought about going. By the way, you can come directly here from your school.” 
“Okay, Mom.” 
She turned her gaze to Ryan. He looked at her with a look that said, “I told you,” and continued to stare at her. 
“Mom told me to go to the pack house.” 
“You didn’t trust me and called your mother. It shows you don’t believe me at all.” 
Allison looked into his eyes and replied, 
“You have to earn trust before expecting it. Because once someone said, ‘Don’t trust me, Allison‘. So I just took his advice seriously.” 
“I see.” He muttered as he recalled that it was him who said that to her on the rooftop. 
A bus pulled up and made a stop at the bus stand. She got to her feet and waited for the customer to hurry down. 
Suddenly her eyes caught a glimpse of the old witch she always met. 
“How are you?” The old woman asked her. 
She smiled at her and replied, 
“I’m totally fine now.” 
The woman nodded her head with a grin. 
Allison cast a quick peek in the direction of the bus, where she saw a number of people getting in. So she said to the woman, 
“Aunt, I am in a hurry. See you again.” 
Allison did not waste her time and got on the bus. 
che went to sit on a Wind 
seat and looked outside. She saw Ryan standing outside and did 
not initiate getting on the bus. 
She somehow thought he would follow her inside. 
When she was about to turn her head, she paused. 
She saw the old woman looking at Ryan. She had a startled expression on her face. As Ryan approached her, she bent her head to him in a manner as if she was bowing to him. 
Allison leaned to the window to see clearly, but the bus had already started to move forward, so she could not see any further. 
A question was raised in her mind. 
‘Do they know each other?! 
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82
Ryan wanted to follow Allison on the bus, but his eyes fell on the old woman who was talking 
with Allison. 
He let Allison go alone and looked at the old woman. 
The old woman looked frightened. Then she immediately bowed to him when he walked. 
toward her. 
“Alpha” 
Ryan glanced at the bus when it drove away, his eyes turned cold. He moved his attention to the old woman and said, 
“A Fire witch.” 
The old woman slowly lifted her head. She looked at Ryan very carefully with her green eyes. 
“What were you talking about with that girl?” 
“Alpha, 1-” 
‘Shut up. Stop calling me Alpha as your head Alpha. Your Alpha is someone else. You should practice calling him Alpha.” Ryan replied while gritting his teeth. 
She shook her head. “Anyone can be our pack’s head Alpha, but you have the highest authority in every way. We can’t disrespect you.” 
Ryan turned around the opposite way from where the bus left. He began to walk and said, 
“Follow me.” 
The old woman followed behind him silently. 
Ryan called someone, and in two minutes, his car came to pick him up. 
Owen was about to open the car door and come out, but Ryan stopped him. 
“Drive the car, I am tired.” 
“Bro, do you think I am your driver?” 
“I thought so. Because I remembered that every time you came to see me, you insisted on driving my car.” 
“That was your car. The branding bulletproof car! But this car is just a waste. I don’t want to waste my time.” 
The old woman stares at the two friends bickering with a smile on her face. 
Owen’s eyes fell on the woman. “Oh, we have a guest? Sorry. Please get in the car, I am going to drive.” 
Ryan went to sit in the front passenger seat, and the old woman sat in the back seat. 
As soon as Owen started the car, Ryan glanced in the rearview mirror and questioned, 
“What were you saying to her? You two did not look like strangers.” 
The old woman’s smile did not leave her face. “I met her two times before. She is such a 
beautiful girl.” 
“And?” 
“She looks confused every time I see her. But she…” 
“She what?” 
“I saw her with our future Alpha Ethan.” She let out in a lower tone. 
“When?” 
“One and a half months ago. They looked close.” 
Ryan moved his eyes from the rear mirror. Owen glanced at Ryan and then turned his gaze to 
the street. 
“That is his brother.” He said to the woman. 
“What? Our head Alpha is his brother? That means he is Alpha Neil’s son?” The old woman 
asked Owen. 
“What is your name?” Ryan asked the old woman. 
“Aurelia, Alpha.” 
“So, Aurelia, how many things have you spilled to her?” 
I 
“No, I didn’t say anything. I would never dare.” 
The car stopped in front of a residence. Ryan and Owen went out of the car, and Aurelia 
followed them. 
The moment she stepped foot out of the car, her eyes widened. 
She was feeling an air of power. The power that was emerging from the house caused her heart to race rapidly. 
Owen walked to the door and rang the bell. 
A middle–aged woman opened the door and smiled at Owen. 
Ryan walked inside without glancing at the woman. 
Aurelia was still standing beside the car. She did not move even a little bit. 
“Let her enter, Georgiana.” Ryan said from inside. 
After staring at Aurelia for a few seconds, Georgiana moved to the side and beckoned for her then said, 
“Come in.” 
Aurelia was an experienced fire witch. She had many abilities. But Lunar witches were the most powerful in the world. 
Georgiana was one of them. Everyone in this pack knew that Georgiana was Alpha Neil’s close friend. So she had great power in this pack. 
Aurelia entered the house and walked to Ryan. He was sitting on the big couch. Owen went to sit on another couch. 
Her attention was drawn to another young man. He had glasses on. He was doing something on his laptop while drinking tea. 
Ryan signaled for Aurelia to sit on a couch. 
Georgiana came to join them.. 
“She recognized you?” Georgiana asked Ryan. 
“Of course, she did. A fire witch had the power to see beyond any spell. I didn’t know my father’s pack had fire witches too.” 
Aurelia bowed her head. “Alpha, believe me. I did not say anything to anyone. But when I looked at the girl, I recognized her, and I got some visions. You helped her a lot. But she got the wrong idea and thought it was your brother.” 
After lighting up a cigarette, Ryan responded, 
“I know.” 
“Why did you bring her here, Alpha?” Georgiana asked. 
The young man who was typing on the laptop spoke out, 
“She will join the coven.” 
Georgiana’s eyes widened as well as Aurelia’s. 
Georgiana stood up immediately. “How can you say that, Collin?” 
Ryan glared at her. “Lower your tone when you talk to my men. Have you forgotten who he is? 
She shook her head. “Alpha, we can’t just bring any witch with us. We have to be very selective. She is completely unknown to us.“” 
“I am doubtful about your spells. Last time, it broke with just someone entering the coven. Now this woman recognizes me. What do you want? Do you want me to kill you all?” 
“N–No.” 
“She is an old witch, but a powerful and loyal one. Take her with you when you leave the pack.” 
Georgiana felt defeated and nodded her head. 
“As you say, Alpha.” 
Aurelia stood up and immediately kneeled down in front of Ryan. 
A coven was like a home for witches. It was a powerhouse for them. Only powerful witches 
could enter a coven and stay together to utilize their abilities. They lived a long life with spells and powers. 
“All hail 
“All hail to you, Alpha.” 
Ryan blew the smoke out of his mouth and looked indifferent. It never affected him. He did not want people here bowing to him. He did not come here to rule this pack. 
“Go back to your home. Georgiana will take you to the coven soon.” 
As she rose up, Aurelia nodded her head in agreement. She knew this man was not like how he was behaving right now. He was in this pack that was why his aura and lifestyle were different. 
He was dangerous outside. No one could touch him if he came to his real self. 
She thought about him and left the house. 
Georgiana turned her head to Ryan and asked, 
“She just said that you helped Allison’s wolf to recover, right? If that’s the case, then why didn’t you let her know about it?” 
The young man named Colin turned his attention to Georgiana as he shut down his laptop and set it on the coffee table in front of the couch. 
He winked at Georgiana before saying, 
“He has his own reasons, Georgiana. Just like your daughter has reasons to love him.” 
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83
+15 NONUS 
Allison reached the pack house and spent the whole day with Luna Ella and her mother. 
She cast her gaze over to the front door every so often. She was dwelling on Ryan in her mind. had not arrived there. 
Even though she had arrived at the pack house several hours ago, he sti 
“Where is he?” She muttered. 
“Who?” 
She heard Luna Ella’s voice. Her gaze immediately turned to Luna Ella, and she shook her head. 
“No one.” 
“Are you waiting for someone, Allison? You look lost.” Luna Ella asked with doubtful eyes. 
“No, Luna. Nothing is like that.” 
“She is maybe tired.” Her mother spoke out. 
Luna Ella nodded her head. “Yeah, you are right. She looks tired. Dear, you can go up to the second floor and take a nap in the guest room if you need to get some rest. I will call you 
dinner.” 
for 
Allison agreed with it and stood up. She headed upstairs. Her mother had told her that they were there to accompany Luna Ella. So they would go back home after having dinner with her. 
Allison proceeded to the guest room, but her eyes fell on Ryan’s bedroom. 
She stood outside the room for a while. She had a sudden desire to go inside the room. She was aware that Ryan was not present at the pack house. It was considered extremely impolite to enter a man’s bedroom. She remembered that whenever she went to his room, something happened. Nonetheless, she wanted to enter. 
She took hold of the doorknob and turned it. After walking into the room, she then shut the 
door behind her. 
The moment she entered the space, she was greeted by a whiff that tickled her nose. 
She lowered her head and shut her eyes as she leaned her back against the door. She inhaled deeply of that scent. 
It was Ryan’s scent all over the room. 
Her heart was beating quickly. She felt comfortable in the room. 
She wandered inside the room and looked around. The bedroom gleamed with a dark 
ambiance. 
She walked to the window and opened it. She felt the blowing wind touch her face. She could see the woods from the window. She remembered how Ryan took her to his safe place. She smiled, thinking about it. 
‘I will break up with Ethan. But I will no that.‘ She thought and chuckled. 
accept you so soon, Ryan. You need to work hard for 
She raised her head and gazed at the sky. In the hazy sky, the moon’s radiant yellow light made it appear as though it were made of gold. 
She was so enraptured by the splendor of the moon that she did not realize someone had entered the room. 
She was startled when she felt a pair of warm arms slowly wrap around her waist. 
She gasped and smelled the familiar cologne. She turned her head to the side. 
Ryan rested his head down on her shoulder and stared up at the night sky. 
“You still haven’t gotten used to my touch. Don’t worry. I will make sure you get used to it.” He replied, and his thumbs caressed her belly over her dress. 
She paused at his handsome side profile. She took a moment to admire his hunky features from the side. Under the light of the moon, his eyes and face gave off an attractive glow. 
Her body was pressed against his hard chest. She lowered her head and grabbed his hands. 
“Ryan, leave me.” 
He pulled her closer to him. She felt her lower back touch his body. She flinched. 
“I don’t want to leave you. Let’s stay like this for some time.” He whispered while rubbing his 
nose on her neck. 
She closed her eyes. Her hands loosened in his grip. 
She did not know why she was becoming weaker for him day by day. 
It seemed as if he had complete control over her. She was completely unable to turn him down. Her wolf had a strong desire to be with him. She began to feel a fluttering in her chest for him. 
She was gradually coming to terms with the feelings she had for him. He created a spot in her heart that she could never remove. She made every effort to stay away from him. The ice in her heart was broken when he got close to her, and he was able to get inside it once again. 
Suddenly, Ethan came to her mind. 
“You should stop doing all of this. It’s wrong. Ethan will-” 
“I don’t care. Only I can be with you like this. If he attempts to even touch you, I will break his 
hands.‘ 
Allison knew he was only saying this. It was clear that he would not harm Ethan in any way. Because Ethan was a skilled Alpha, he would not take any attacks either. 
“Of course, he will touch me. I am his girlfriend.” She said with a mocking tone. Suddenly, she wanted to tease him. 
His hold became increasingly tightening around her waist. 
“I think one bite was not enough for you.” 
She immediately turned around and pushed him. She stepped away from him while shaking 
her head. 
“Don’t even dare to do that again.” She warned him. 
He saw her reaction and smirked, 
“Dare? Are you putting forward it as a challenge to me to do that again? Oh, Baby, you are really naughty. You thought I was talking about biting your pretty pink lips, which only I can taste and bite?” 
Her eyes widened at his words. The way he was talking so openly like this in a sassy way, she was dumbstruck. 
She wanted to run away from him and hide herself somewhere. 
“How shameless you are! How can you talk so dirty like this?” 
He chuckled as he walked toward her. He bent down to her level, tilting his neck, and gazed intently into her eyes 
“Dirty? You will die in shame if you learn what type of wild thoughts run through my mind whenever I see you.” 
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84
Allison felt her heart skip a beat. She was shocked. She was unable to let out anything. 
He examined her reaction and tilted his head. He kissed her left cheek and moved back. He comforted her by stroking her hair and reassuring her, 
“Don’t be shocked, baby. You are a little kitten to me.” 
She exhaled her breath, which she was holding inside, after hearing him. 
But then again, his statement shook her to the core. 
“Because I still have some time. I will cherish you first, then ruin you under me step by step.” 
Allison shoved her chest and ran out of the room. 
She could hear his chuckles coming from inside the room. She rushed downstairs and held her 
heart. 
‘W–What was he saying?‘ She gulped and bit her bottom lip. 
She tried to calm herself. 
That man was full of teasing. 
“Allison, what happened to you?” Her mother, Joey, asked as she looked at her. 
“What happened to me? Nothing.” She replied with a confused face. 
“Your face is red. Come here, let me check if you have a fever.” 
Allison was embarrassed. She was blushing so hard that others were thinking that she was having a fever. 
She was about to head to her mother when she heard Ryan’s voice, 
“How are you, Aunt?” 
He was coming downstairs. Joey smiled at him. 
“When did you come?” 
“Just a few minutes ago. You were busy with Mom in the kitchen, so I did not disturb you.” 
Ryan replied and walked to the couch with Joey. 
Allison kept her eyes fixed on them as she trailed closely behind them. 
Luna Ella was sitting on the couch while talking to a maid. It appeared as if she was providing the maid with some kind of instructions to follow. That was the head maid of the pack house. 
When Allison was going to take a seat on the couch, she heard the sounds of cars. 
A few cars came to a stop in front of the pack house. 
Alpha Neil, Beta Glen, and Ethan came out of the car. 
Luna Ella stood up and rushed to them. 
“How was your visit?” Luna Ella asked while hugging Alpha Neil. 
Beta Glen also hugged Allison’s mother. Allison stared at the happy moments. 
“I cooked your favorite food tonight, my son.” Luna Ella said to Ethan. 
Ethan nodded and kissed her forehead. His eyes fell on Allison, who was standing behind Luna Ella. 
He walked to her and hugged her. 
“Missed me?” 
Allison was taken aback by the hug. But instead of responding, she returned his hug and patted him on the back. 
Ethan released her from the hug and flashed her a grin. 
“I missed you a lot.” 
Everyone noticed them. Allison glanced at others and cleared her throat. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?” She asked Ethan. 
“Because he wanted to surprise you.” Luna Ella said. 
She turned to Luna Ella and her mother. “You knew about it?” 
“Yeah.” Her mother replied, and Luna Ella nodded her head in acknowledgment. 
Allison’s gaze moved to Ryan, who was sitting on the couch and staring at her. He did not 
make any effort to greet his father and brother when they arrived. 
It was clear from the expression on his face that he was quite angry. His gaze slid to her hand. 
Allison lowered her head and saw Ethan holding her hand. 
She casually let out her hand from his grip and said to Ethan, 
“Go and come down after freshening up.” 
“Allison is right.” Alpha Neil said. 
Ethan and Alpha Neil went to their rooms, while Allison’s father went to a guest room. 
Allison made her way over to the couch and took a seat some distance away from Ryan. 
“When I hug you, you don’t like it. But when he hugs you, you enjoy it.” 
She frowned at him. “Stop talking nonsense. He has just come back.” 
“So? That doesn’t give him any right to hug you in any way.” 
“Ryan, stop talking with me. I don’t want to engage in conversation with you over these 
matters.” 
“When will you tell him?” He asked directly. 
“What will she say to whom?” The question was posed by Luna Ella as she approached them. 
Allison gave a knowing grin to Ryan while shaking her head. 
He rolled his eyes at her and replied to his mother, 
“Stop eavesdropping on others‘ conversations, Mom. It’s bad manners.” 
Luna Ella darted a suspicious glance in his direction before turning her attention to Allison. 
“Stay away from this boy, my child. He will pull your legs later.” 
Ryan turned his head to look at Allison’s mother, who had just taken the seat next to Ryan. 
at your ho 
“Did you see friend is doing? She is using her influence to convince other people to avoid her own son. It came out that my own mother was a snake all along ” Ryan stated it jokingly to Joey. 
However, Allison could see his mood was off. He was just trying to divert his mind. 
“Luna, don’t say such things. He is a good guy.” 
“Yeah, he is always your favorite. You should tell him to get back on the right track since he likes you more than anyone here.” 
“Okay, my mother is jealous of you now. How mean!” 
His statements caused laughter among everyone. When Allison’s eyes met Ryan’s, it caused her to stop laughing. She avoided looking at him directly and instead focused her attention 
elsewhere. 
Alpha Neil, Beta Glen, and Ethan came down after some time. 
“Let’s go to the dining table directly. You all may have departed from there a long time ago. Alpha Neil agreed, and everyone went to the dining room. 
Ethan took a seat next to Allison. As usual, Ryan was occupying the seat directly across from her. 
All of them started to eat. Luna Ella broke the silence and asked, 
“What happened in the Red Moon Pack?” 
It was Beta Glen who initiated the conversation in order to keep Luna informed on everything that was going on. 
“Luna, we attended the meeting. But two important Alphas were missing.” 
Everyone paid attention to the conversation while eating. 
“Which two Alphas?” Luna Ella asked. She knew everyone and visited other packs to join the pack meetings with her Alpha many times. 
“Alpha Easton. He reported that his beta was in really poor health. It is impossible for him to leave his pack without him.” 
“Coward.” 
Everyone heard Ryan’s voice. Their eyes shifted to him. 
“It is extremely difficult for any Alpha to travel to another pack without his Beta.” Beta Glen replied to him. 
Ryan gave a slight nod of his head and kept quiet. 
“What about the other one?” Luna Ella continued the conversation. 
“It’s the head Alpha of the Black Moon pack.” Beta Glen replied. 
Luna Ella paused and turned her head toward Alpha Neil. 
“Neil, it’s been two years. No one can contact him, right?” 
Alpha Neil shook his head in response. “He doesn’t like to meet anyone. This is the sixth time. that he has been invited to a meeting by any pack, and each time, he has declined the 
invitation. We discussed the possibility of visiting his pack to meet him.” 
Ethan cast a glance over at Ryan, who was eating unbothered. 
Something came to his mind and he asked him, 
“Ryan, you were living beside that pack for a few months, right? Do you know someone from the Black Moon Pack?” 
###Chapter 85
Chapter 85
REVE 
Ryan paused eating when he heard Ethan. Everyone turned their heads at him. 
Allison was perplexed. She did not know that Ryan went to live beside the Black Moon’s pack. 
‘For a few months? Why did he go to live in the Black Moon pack’s neighbor pack?‘ 
Ryan looked at Ethan. His eyes turned dark. 
“Who told you about it?” 
Alpha Neil was the one who responded to him instead of Ethan, saying, 
“You were always under my men’s eyes. I was aware of your location at all times. I never stopped keeping an eye on you.” 
Ryan turned his head to him and smirked, 
“Yeah, I can see how you kept your eyes on me. You know everything about me. Great.” 
Alpha Neil clenched his fists. “Stop mocking your own father. It was only due to the fact that you discovered who my spy was. That was the reason why you were able to cut ties with us.” 
“Since you just mentioned yourself as my father, allow me to tell you one thing. I told you when I left this pack that I do not have any relationship with any of you, and I stand by that statement. You were the one who invited me to attend the coronation of your son, and I gladly accepted. Who knows what you have in your mind? Perhaps you thought my eyes were on your son’s throne.” 
“RYAN” 
Luna Ella yelled at Ryan. It did not affect him at all. 
Alpha Neil glared at Ryan and said, 
“What did you say? I thought your eyes were on my son’s throne? Are you kidding me, young man? Do you even have the capability to handle a few pack fighters? You are talking about. ruling the whole pack!” 
Allison’s eyes were on Ryan. Alpha Neil’s words hurt her. 
‘Why is he taunting Ryan like this? I know he is ill–mannered, but why does Alpha Neil always talk about his weakness?‘ She thought about it and felt a pain in her heart. 
She was feeling like Alpha Neil was not scolding Ryan, but her. She lowered her head and listened to the conversation silently. 
“Dad, let it go.” Ethan said to Alpha Neil. 
13 
“Let it go, you said? How? Can’t you see how he is behaving with his parents? People respect me because of my manners, but my own son is mannerless.” 
Ryan rose up from his seat. Joey looked at him and tried to stop him. 
“Ryan, my son, please sit down. Don’t leave without finishing your food.” 
“No, Aunt. I am not this family member, they all know this better than me. I was eating quietly, wasn’t I? Why do they keep lighting the fire when they have no chance of putting it out?” 
Everyone fell into complete silence. Ryan had made his way to the door and stopped there. 
He spoke out without turning around, 
“And yes. I know many people from the Black Moon Pack. You were interested in learning more about their Alpha, right? Let me inform you. He is so cruel that his pack members call him the ice king. It is not necessary for him to travel to another pack in order to butter up the other Alphas. Because as soon as someone has the audacity to discontinue doing business with his pack, he will begin an attack on that pack and destroy it to the end.” 
The statements of Ryan were mocking Alpha Neil and Ethan. 
Alpha Neil stood up in anger. The loud sound of his chair being moved resounded across the entire dining area. 
“You! You dare to say that I went to butter up Alpha Axel? You meant that Ethan is not capable of fighting with that Black Moon pack’s Alpha if he attacks this pack?” 
Ryan turned his head to his father and smirked, 
“He is the ruler of the biggest pack for a reason, Alpha Neil. Stop dreaming that he will even attack your small pack one day.” 
After saying that, Ryan left the dining room. 
Everyone stared at the door for a second, then turned their heads to Alpha Neil. 
He was fuming. His eyes turned red. He looked like he would shift in no time. 
Ethan was equally as enraged. But all he was attempting to do was put his father at ease. 
Alpha Neil left the dining room while Ethan ran after him. 
“He crossed the bottom line today.” Beta Glen said that and went after Alpha Neil. 
Luna Ella’s tears began to fall, Joey comforted her by patting her on the back. 
Allison left the dining room and went upstairs. 
She knew what Alpha Neil told Ryan was not good. But Ryan reacted in a very disrespectful 
manner toward his father. 
How could he tell his father that some other Alpha would come and destroy his pack? 
It was an impolite thing to say to anyone. 
Allison stood outside his room and was hesitant to knock on the door. 
She touched the doorknob and saw that the door was not locked from inside. 
She opened the door. 
Ryan came to her view. He was smoking while standing beside the window. 
She closed the door and heard him, 
“Leave me alone.” 
She paid him no attention and continued walking in his direction. She snatched the cigarette out of his hand and flung it out the window. 
He glared at her. She folded her arms against her chest. 
“Why did you say those things to your father?” 
He looked away from her and said, 
“Not now. I am already enraged. I don’t want to take out my anger on you.” 
“No, you have to tell me. Why did you say those things? Why do you continually treat your family with such disrespect? You could have answered nicely when Ethan asked you something. 
She saw him closing his eyes and clenching his jaw as if he was trying to keep his anger under 
control. 
“Ryan, what hap-” 
She was interrupted by a loud sound. He punched the wall next to the window with his fist. She was startled by his action. 
“Just leave me alone, Allison.” He muttered. 
Due to the force of the strike, his hand was bleeding. Allison could not stop herself and 
grabbed his hand. She felt her tears running down her cheek 
“Ryan, y–your hand is b–bleeding.” 
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86
Ryan snatched his hand from her grip. 
“You also came here to lecture me. Just leave. No, wait. You know what? I am leaving.” 
He moved his way towards the door. Allison sped up to catch up to him and halted him as she stepped in front of the door. 
Ryan’s furious stare made her heart race, but she managed to keep herself from moving. 
She took a deep breath and slowly lifted her hand. She took a firm grip on his arm and pulled him along behind her. 
“Please listen to me and calm down.” She said when she stood beside the bed. She gave him a little nudge in the direction of the bed. 
He looked away from her and sat down on the bed. She went to look for the first aid box. 
“In the closet.” He murmured since he was aware of what it was that she was trying to find. 
She went to the big closet and opened it. There were a lot of black and white clothes arranged there. 
It reminded her that she still had not returned his black jacket. 
She rummaged through some drawers before finding the first aid box. She removed it before shutting the closet door. 
She saw him sitting on the bed while resting his elbows on his thighs. His head was down. He was looking at the floor. 
She inhaled deeply before taking a step toward him. She sat beside him. She took a quick glimpse at his knuckles. They were still bleeding. She took his hand and placed it on her lap after holding it. 
He faced her by turning his head towards her. She avoided his eyes and wiped the blood from his hand. She blew on it a few times while hissing. 
His eyes were fixed on her. His gaze gently drifted over her face. He could see how she was bandaging his hand. It looked like she was the one who was injured. 
She rubbed her thumb over the bandage and said, 
“Why are you so mad at everyone? They are your family.” 
She could not get a reply. He was silent. So she tilted her head to him. 
He was staring at her very intently. His eyes were unknown to her. 
The feeling that she had not known this man well enough persisted each time she ran into him. a 
“Ryan? I asked you something.” She asked again. 
“When will you break up with Ethan?” 
“What?” She was stunned. In this situation, where he had a conflict with his father, he was thinking about her relationship with Ethan. 
“When do you plan to end your relationship with Ethan?” He inquired yet once more. 
She quickly averted her eyes and whispered a response, 
“Soon.” 
“Why not today? Why not now?” His voice sounded demanding. 
“I can’t talk to him tonight. It’s not a perfect time.” 
“So you agreed to break up with him? Good.” 
As soon as she heard him, she turned to him. He had a smirk on his face. 
Her jaw dropped. “You were in a bad mood a few minutes ago.” 
ito 
“So? Do you want me to go back to that mood again?” 
She shook her head immediately. “I thought you were in a very serious mood.” 
He reached out his hand and brushed it through her hair. “If I get into my serious mood again, I will not let any single person go.” 
“Why are you talking like this? They are your family.” 
“No, they are not.” 
“But-” 
“Allison, I don’t want to argue with you because of them.” After saying this, he removed his 
hand from her head. 
She placed her hand on his shoulder and said, 
“Listen to me. I know Alpha Neil sometimes talks rudely, but you are no saint.” 
“Again?” 
“Will you listen to what I have to say, or do you want me to leave?” 
“It’s your choice.” 
She was taken aback by his response. She sighed and tried to convince him again. 
“You need to calm down first. Why can’t you just relax and tell them whatever is on your mind? 
“I don’t like them.” He replied simply. She looked into his eyes. They were clear. She could not say that he was lying. 
“Don’t say that.” She mumbled in a lower 
“I always tell the truth.” 
rtone. 
“No, you do not. Because I saw how much you cared for Ethan when you came to visit him in the hospital. 
He looked disapprovingly at her. “I wanted to ask. Why did you accept him? Or do you still love him?” 
She shook her head but stopped herself as she realized what she had just done. 
She thought he would tease her or smirk, but instead, he took the situation quite seriously. 
“Good. As you should.” 
She stared at him. Their eye contact was broken when they heard Ethan’s voice. 
“Allison, where are you?” 
She got to her feet immediately and glanced over at the door. 
“Ethan is here.” 
“Are you afraid of that loser?” 
“Tsk! Ryan, please.” 
She walked to the door and opened it. At that time, Ethan turned to her. He was just about to go to the staircase. 
Ethan’s brows furrowed. “What are you doing in this room?” 
Allison cast a quick peek in the direction of Ryan before turning her attention to Ethan. 
“Ryan’s hand got injured, so I came to bandage his hand.” 
“You don’t have to do anything for him. Just come with me. Your parents are calling you. They are leaving.” He said and grabbed her hand and drugged her downstairs. 2 
Allison could not glance at Ryan as Ethan pulled her forward. 
They came downstairs, Allison saw that the atmosphere was not good. Everyone was silent. Her father looked angry. Alpha Neil was not there. Luna Ella was also missing. She assumed they went to their room. 
“Allison, where were you?” Her father, Glen, asked.. 
Allison could not answer her father. She knew if her father got to know about her going to Ryan. He would get mad at her. He did not like Ryan at all. 
“She was in the guest room.” Ethan lied to Beta Glen. 
Allison turned her head to him. He signaled to her with a nod that he would take care of things 
for her. 
She began to feel at ease and asked, 
“Are we leaving?” 
Her mother, Joey, nodded her head. “Let’s go.” 
Allison took a quick glimpse at the second floor before heading to the front door. She was aware that now was not the appropriate time to talk to Ethan, so she chose not to do so. 
She left the pack house. She was about to enter the car when Ethan stopped her by holding her hand. 
She turned around and heard him, 
“Stay away from Ryan.” 
She raised her brows. “Why? 
“What why? As your boyfriend, I want you to stay far away from him.” 
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87
Allison stared at Ethan for a few seconds, then heard her father from inside the car, 
Allison, get: 
“Y–Yeah, Dad.” 
the car.” 
Ethan released her hand, and she climbed into the car. 
The driver turned the car’s engine on. After that, there was complete silence. 
Joey rubbed Glen’s shoulder. 
“Glen, relax. Why are you looking so angry?” 
Glen was sitting in the front passenger seat beside the driver’s seat. Allison was sitting beside her mother in the back seat. 
“Have you seen how that boy behaved with his father? He is a boy with absolutely no manners at all. He never showed any sign of politeness. That being the case, Alpha dispatched him to the outside so that he might gain some social skills. Today, he went below the belt. Alpha was so angry. I don’t know if one day we will have to see the father–son fight. 
Allison had a sickening feeling of dread. She was paying close attention to what was being said in the conversation. 
“He is not that bad. He needs someone to guide him.” Joey said as she tried to convince him. 
“No matter what, he can’t be changed. He should thank Ethan for taking over our pack soon. Otherwise, if, as an heir, he had to take on his father’s responsibility, he would drown our pack. He does not have any leadership qualities or any fighting spirit.” 
Allison lowered her head. She was feeling bad for Ryan. 
She wanted him to learn some techniques for battle so that, in the future, he could prove 
himself to others. 
She did not want others to always mock him. 
However, Ryan had a fault too. He always bit around the bush. He never talked to his family appropriately. 
She did not know when all of this would end. She wanted them to be happy together. 
That night, 
Allison thought about many things. Ethan told her to stay away from Ryan, which she could not do. She lost control of herself. 
“Do I really have feelings for Ryan? Do I really like him?” She asked herself the question repeatedly. 
She spent the entirety of the night dwelling on it in her mind. 
The next morning, she went to school. 
Teresa saw her and came to give her a big hug. 
“I called you when I heard you had called me. But you did not receive my calls. Was everything okay?” 
Allison broke the hug with a nod. Her eyes fell on Teresa’s neck. 
There were two small star marks on her neck. 
Mar 
marked you?” 
Teresa lowered her head shyly and nodded. 
Allison’s eyes widened. “I can’t believe my best friend is blushing.” 
Allison hugged her tightly. “I am very happy for you, Tess.” 
“I know.‘ 
They went to the cafe to have a chat. Allison spilled the beans to Teresa about everything 
that went down between her and Ryan, including the kiss. 
This time, she did not attempt to conceal anything. 
“WHAT!!” 
Allison immediately pressed her palm over Teresa’s mouth. 
“Others will hear you.” 
Teresa removed her hand from her mouth, but her lips were parted. 
“He kissed you?” 
“Yeah.” Allison replied and looked down. 
“But you are already in a relationship with someone else.” 
“Exactly. I am guilty, Tess. What will I do now?” She inquired while lightly grasping Teresa’s hands. 
“I warned you right from the start that you have a very muddled relationship with your emotions. I told you that you did not look happy with Ethan. I think that you are developing feelings for Ryan. You fell for him.” 
Allison did not respond. She spent the entirety of the night pondering the situation before arriving at the conclusion. 
“You are right. I have feelings for him.” 
“Now what will you do? I told you to reconsider your decision. But you did not listen to me. Now what is your plan?” 
“I will talle to 
will talk to Ethan.” 
“What talk? You will break up with him directly. You don’t love him anymore. So this relationship is meaningless.” 
Allison nodded her head but turned to Teresa. 
She looked at her suspiciously. 
“Wait a minute. You always hate Ryan, right? But today, you are not badmouthing him. What happened to you?” 
Teresa rolled her eyes. “Oh, please. I never hated him. I just used to dislike him. However, Max has revealed to me that he has feelings for you and wants to be with you. He said to me that Ryan stopped going with other women because of you. He wanted to be only with you. But then you decided to accept Ethan, which infuriated him, and as a result, he started hanging around with other women in a fit of rage.” 
Allison remembered how angry Ryan was when he heard her accepting Ethan’s proposal in Ethan’s cabin in the hospital. 
“One thing, Tess. I don’t know how I will talk to Ethan about this. I am feeling blameworthy. He saved me from danger twice. I am alive because of him. Now how can I leave him because of his brother?” 
Teresa stared at Allison. 
“What?” Allison asked her. 
“You accepted him because of that incident, right? You yourself knew that you did not love him anymore. You were just guilty.” 
Allison attempted to evade her sight by turning her head away from her. 
Teresa was looking at her as she held her chin and tilted her head towards her. 
“Honey, you messed up yourself.” 
“I know, Tess.” 
“Tell Ethan that you don’t love him. You tried to accept him, but you can’t be with him anymore.” 
“I will.” 
They made their way to attend their classes. After all the classes, Allison came out of the school to leave. 
Today Ryan did not come to school. Max said he had something to do, so he could not make it today. 
Allison saw her father’s driver waiting for her outside in her father’s car. 
She headed to the car but halted when another car stopped in front of her. 
It was Ethan’s car. She glanced at the driver’s seat. He was sitting inside the car. 
She walked to the window. He lowered the rolled–down window glass. 
“Ethan, why didn’t you come to school today?” 
Since he was absent from all of his classes today, she decided to question him about it. 
Ethan gestured for her to sit in the front seat beside him. 
“Get in. I came to pick you up so I could take you out to lunch.” 
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88
After telling her driver to go back, Allison got in the car and turned her gaze to Ethan. 
“You didn’t inform me before coming.” 
“I thought to surprise you. But you don’t look happy to see me.” 
“No, it’s not like that.” She replied and looked away from him. 
He turned the engine on. The thought occurred to her to inquire about his father. 
“How is Alpha Neil?” 
e core. Which 
“His mood is still off. I don’t know how to unite Ryan with him anymore. I always tried to prevent Dad from scolding him. But last night, he dared to disrespect him to Dad is going to take that? No one.” 
She let out a sigh and then shook her head. She was well aware that Ryan was beyond anyone’s control. 
“Why is Ryan behaving like this? Is there any reason behind it?” 
“Only he knows. He has been constantly behaving like this since childhood. He was never a good child.” 
Allison did not want to hear bad things about Ryan. Even though she knew Ryan was in the wrong, her heart did not want to hear anything negative about him. 
Ethan brought the car to a halt in front of a restaurant. They exited the car and then walked to the restaurant. 
The manager made a beeline for Ethan and bowed slightly to him as he arrived. He was aware that Ethan would soon become the Alpha of this pack. As a result, he went there in person to extend his greetings. 
“Alpha Ethan, it’s such a great honor.” 
Ethan gave the manager a nod and then looked around. “I booked a table for two.” 
“Please come with me.” The manager makes a hand signal pointing to the tables. They trailed closely after him. 
Allison cast her gaze over the entirety of the restaurant. 
It was a big area that had a golden tree decoration that stretched from the wall to the floor. 
Alongside it, a large number of tables had been artfully set. 
The manager stopped in front of a table and said, 
“This is your table.” 
Ethan pulled a chair for Allison. She sat down, and he sat on the opposite chair. 
“What would you like to order, Alpha? You can take your time. I am sending one of the best 
waiters at our restaurant. 
Ethan nodded, and the manager left. Other people were looking at Ethan and Allison. 
A few of them recognized Ethan. The girls were staring at Ethan. Some of them looked at Allison with burning gazes. They were jealous that she was with Alpha Ethan. 
Allison shook her head as she thought about those girls. 
Ethan pushed the menu towards her that had been laid out on the table. 
Allison shook her hand. “I have nothing to say. You can order anything you want.” 
Ethan took hold of the menu and flipped through it while he examined the various items on 
1. it. 
After arriving, the waiter took a position next to the table. 
Ethan placed a couple of orders at the restaurant. The waiter places a bottle of champagne at the table before leaving to make the order with the chef. 
Ethan opened the bottle and poured it into two glasses. 
Allison did not say no, but she did not drink it either. 
“I was missing you when I was outside. I thought I would surprise you last night and we would spend some time together. But Ryan spoiled the whole plan. So I decided to take you on a date today.” 
“Date?” She asked and looked at him. 
“Yeah. It’s a date.” 
She lowered her head. She rubbed her hands together as she was thinking about what she would tell hi 
“Ethan, I have something to say to you.” 
“Yeah, speak. I am here to listen to you only.” 
Because of his thrilled voice, she refrained from continuing to speak. 
She gave his features a fleeting look. He exuded an air of delight and joy. What could she possibly say to such a person? 
‘Come on, Allison. You have no choice but to tell him the truth. You can’t continue to keep 
him in the dark. He believes that you love him, which is not true.‘ She told herself. 
“Etha-” 
She was ready to say something, but she aborted her sentence in order to glance somewhere 
else. 
She noticed Julie chatting with another girl. She was glaring at her from there. 
Allison turned her attention to Ethan. Ethan made a frowning expression in response to her reply and then moved his head to gaze where she was staring. 
He turned without changing his expression. Then he asked, 
“What are you looking at?” 
“Julie.” 
“Why are you wasting time looking at unnecessary people?” 
“Ethan, he is your ex–girlfriend.” 1 
Ethan stared at her. “I told you I didn’t love her.” 
“But she does.” 
“I don’t care.” 
“How can you say that?” 
“You should be happy that I don’t have any feelings for my ex.” 
He was right. But she would have been happy if she loved him. She did not love him anymore. 
The items that Ethan had ordered were served when the waiter arrived with the other two 
waiters. 
Allison kept quiet and had lunch with Ethan. 
Ethan talked to her about many things, but she could not pay any attention because her mind was messed up. She was thinking about how she would confess her true feelings that 
she did not have anything for him. 
She chose not to inform him about the kiss she shared with Ryan. It was not relevant to the conversation anymore. She would feel the need to let him know that she did not have any feelings for him. 
She knew it would be heartbreaking for him. She knew how it felt when someone you loved rejected you. 
And he was her savior. She was going to break her savior’s heart. He saved her twice, and at the same time, he helped her recover her wolf. 1 
After lunch, they left the restaurant. They got in the car and headed to Allison’s house. The whole ride was silent. Allison did not try to break the silence. Ethan remained silent the whole time as well. 
When the car parked beside her house, she was hesitant to get out.. 
Ethan unfastened his seat belt and turned to her. He saw her sitting on the seat, unmoved. 
She was silent. Her head was down. She was looking at her lap. 
“Do you want to spend more time with me?” He asked. 
He thought she wanted to spend more of her time with him. Therefore, he smiled at her. 
She took a deep breath and tightened her fists. She could not deceive him anymore. “Ethan, let’s break up.” 
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89
The silence fell on the car again. 
Allison closed her eyes. She did not know what Ethan’s reaction would be. 
She wanted to hear him. If he intended to reprimand her, she would be able to pick up on what he was saying. However, his silence was beginning to eat away at her. 
She carefully twisted her head to face him after opening her eyes. 
He had a shadowy look in his eyes. He was looking at her very intently. The awkward pause between them unnerved her. She felt frightened by his silence. 
“Ethan?” 
She called out his name to get his reply. 
“Why?” He asked. 
She responded by averting his sight and saying, “I thought I could feel for you like I did before. But it’s been a while, and I think….” 
She paused. She could not have the strength to continue telling him what had happened. He was mature enough to understand what she was trying to say. 
“Why are you silent?” 
“Ethan, I don’t think I can feel the same for you.” 
“So what? It’s not like you have someone in your heart. You can be with me. Couples have to work on developing feelings for one another. So with time, you will develop feelings for me.” She shook her head and looked at him. Her eyes were glossy. She got emotional. She was not an expressive person. She needed time to express her feelings to anyone. 
“Pease don’t make this difficult for me.” She spoke in a murmuring voice. 
He was stunned by what he heard. He bent down and wiped the tears off her face. When he caressed her cheeks, she closed her eyes. 
“Don’t cry. Tell me, did I hurt you again? Have I let you down by not keeping my promise to never hurt you again?” 
She shook her head in response. 
His forehead pressed against hers. He also closed his eyes as he spoke out, 
“Are you angry with me because of that night when I tried to kiss you? I told you I wouldn’t do that again. So don’t be angry with me, okay?” 
She slowly opened both of her eyes. She shed a few more tears, and they ran down her 
cheeks. 
She was not a cruel person. Her heart was soft. She could not deny the fact that she used to love this man and still had a soft spot for him in her heart. 
But she did not love him anymore. Her heart now beats for someone else. She could not 
deceive herself. 
If she continued the relationship with Ethan, she would only make a fool of Ethan and herself. 
She held his hands and removed them from her cheeks. 
She moved back and wiped her tears. 
“Ethan, I am sorry. I can’t be in this relationship with you. I am sorry that I am stepping back. But I can’t keep lying to you. 
His eyes became gloomy. “Explain to me why you don’t want to be together anymore. Do you have someone else except me in your heart?” 1 
She could not lie to him. She nodded confidently and replied, 
“Yes,” 
A loud growl shook the car. Allison immediately pressed her hands against her ears. 
Due to the fact that she was an Omega, she was unable to take the growl of an Alpha’s rage. 
She glanced at him. “E–Ethan” 
His red eyes were glaring at her. It showed her how furious he was. 
“Who is he? I will kill him.” 
She gasped. She shook her head in fear. 
Ethan was a powerful Alpha. He killed a lot of wolves in the war. So she thought that killing Ryan was not a big deal for his wolf. 
She was well aware that he would never intentionally harm his own brother, but what if he 
could not control his wolf and it attacked Ryan? His wolf would inevitably kill him. 
On the other hand, Ryan had no experience in fighting or self–defense. He was a boy with a spoiled attitude. He liked to chill and spend life without taking responsibility for any pack 
member. 1 
It was clearly a win for Ethan because he had experience. 
In just a few seconds, so many things came to her mind. 
She was afraid for Ryan’s life. 
“Tell me. Who is he?” He asked once again. 
Allison shook her head. “Please, calm down.” 
He kept glaring at her. His wolf took over him. 
At first, Ethan did not listen to his wolf and rejected Allison, this time, his wolf did not want to let go of his rejected mate. 
His possessiveness for his rejected mate glowed in his red eyes. 
She leaned against the door in fear. Ethan had never behaved like this with her before. She was shaking inside. 
Ethan was none other than the head Alpha of this pack. In a few months, he would take over the whole pack. Any woman in this pack would happily marry him and take over the position of his Luna. 
He could not take it that Allison was rejecting him and thinking about someone else. He could not even think of her with another man. 
His blood was boiling inside. All the veins popped out of his forehead and neck. 
“Ethan, listen to me. You are not in your r–right mind.” 
He moved closer to her and placed his hand on the window glass that was next to her head. 
“I am in the right mind right now. Tell me which bastard dared to grab your heart. I will pull out his heart with my own hand.” 
Her lips were trembling. She felt anger in her heart. When he rejected her, she had no other option but to accept his rejection. She had to bear the consequences too. 
But now that she wanted to break up, where he would not have to feel any consequences but only be heartbroken, why was he behaving like that? 
She had never seen Ethan in this outrage. He was a cold but calm person. However, today he showed her another side of him. This was the Ethan that her father always talked about. 
But Allison could not let him affect her again. So she gathered her courage and replied, 
“I know you are feeling heartbroken, but I don’t want to fool you. I fell out of love. I can’t feel the same way for you again, even if I will have to be single for my whole life. And don’t forget that I am not your mate anymore. You rejected me. After that, my heart changed for you completely.” 
She felt his eyes pierce her eyes. He grabbed her chin and shook his head in disagreement. 
He smirked at her and said, 
“So what if I rejected you? You are still mine.” 
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90
Allison flinched at his words. Tears streamed out of her eyes. 
“W–Why are s–saying this?” 
Ethan closed his eyes to control his anger and moved back. 
“Listen, Allison. I know I did wrong when I rejected you. I will redeem myself. But that doesn’t mean you will leave me and go to another man. You are mine, and you will have to remain mine. I am not going to leave you, nor did I let you leave me.” 
She wiped her tears and nodded her head. 
“You can control me, but not my heart. It stopped beating for you.” 
“Then who exactly is it beating for? I will remove him from this world. Then you have to love me.” 
She was taken aback. She had never seen Ethan’s this side. 
“I won’t tell you his name. You can’t harm him either. You have to cross me before hurting 
him.” 
He frowned at her. His eyes turned black. She looked away from him. 
She opened the door and said, 
“I am breaking up with you. I am no longer your girlfriend. I don’t want to hurt you by cheating on you. I hope you will accept it as soon as you can.” 
She got out of the car. Before she closed the door, she heard him, 
“I don’t care about this relationship. If you want to break, you can. But you will have to come 
back to me. I will make sure of it.” 
She closed the door and walked to her house. When she entered, her mother asked what had happened and why she was crying. 
She did not reply and ran to her room. She locked the door and cried. 
“Allison, my child. What happened?” Joey asked while knocking on the door loudly. 
“Nothing, Mom. Please leave me alone.” 
“Open the door. Let me see you once. If I see you are okay, I will leave you alone.” 
“No, Mom. P–Please. Just leave me alone. I am begging you.” 
Joey was worried for her daughter. After going downstairs, she was just about to contact her husband when her attention was drawn outside the window. 
She saw Ethan sitting in his car. He threw something on the ground. Smoke was coming out of his window. When she looked carefully, she realized that he had tossed a cigarette bud into the ground. 
Then he started the car and began driving it at high speed. 
Joey stared outside. She had witnessed Ethan and Allison together a number of times. Not only she but also everyone else, had observed them both together at the same time. They looked like a couple. The way Allison took care of Ethan when he was sick and the way Ethan saved her in the accident, it really meant something. 
Joey had seen Allison have some likeness to Ethan from childhood. Therefore, Glen and Joey were both aware that Allison had feelings for Ethan. But they did not know about Ethan’s side. 
However, a few months ago, they started to see the love in Ethan’s eyes too. 
“What happened between them? Did they fight with each other?” She said and shook her head. 
The whole day passed, 
Allison did not come out of her room. Joey tried a lot to persuade her to come out and have dinner. But she was a stubborn girl. She did not come out, which made Joey more worried. When Glen came back, Joey told him about what had happened today. 
When Glen knocked on the door, Allison opened it. 
You did not open the door when I knocked. But as
as you recognize your father’s 
voice, you quickly open the door. Nice. I see you love him the most.” Joey teased her daughter. 
Allison looked pale. She gave a slight shake in response. 
“Nothing is like that, Mom. I was about to sleep.” 
Glen held her hand and pulled her downstairs. 
He pulled a chair and said, 
“Sit here. 
Allison’s heart was melted by her father’s caring nature. She was her father’s princess. 
“Dad, I-” 
First, eat something. Then I will talk to you.” 
Allison kept quiet and had dinner. She realized that her mother also had not had dinner yet. 
“I am sorry, Mom.” 
“Your sorry me.” 
will not help me. I will remember that you love him more th 
“Oh, come on. Are you jealous of me now?” Glen asked Joey. 
Allison chuckled at their conversation. 
They looked at her and smiled. They wanted to make her smile. 
Allison felt emotional again. She was crying because of Ethan’s behavior. He said he would never leave her. He even threatened to kill the person she liked. She was currently debating with herself whether or not she should say something to Ryan about the situation. 
Following the meal, she joined her parents in sitting on the couch together. They were seated beside her. 
Glen stroked her head and asked, 
“Tell me what happened.” 
“Nothing, Dad.” She lowered her head. 
“Did you and Ethan get into a fight earlier today?” 
She looked at him with a shocking expression. Did Ethan tell him something? 
“Why did you think so?” She inquired. 
“I saw Ethan today when you returned home.” Her mother, Joey spoke out. 
“Oh.” She mumbled. 
“Allison, look at your Dad.” Glen said. 
Allison turned to him and paid attention to him. 
“Ethan is not a bad guy. He is not aggressive like others, but a caring young man. Didn’t you 
see how he took care of his family? He always looks after his dad.” 
She scoffed in her head. ‘He is not aggressive? He growled at me today. He even warned me.‘ She thought. 
“I don’t want to talk about him, Dad.” She cleared the fact. 
Glen shook her head. “Kids nowadays.” 
Allison was aware that her father would support Ethan at any time and in any situation. He would always praise him only. So she could not talk to him about anything. 
‘I broke up with him anyway. There is no need to talk about anything.‘ She thought and stood up, and headed to the staircase. 
“Good night, Mom and Dad. See you tomorrow.” 
She heard her father behind her, 
“Allison, don’t be mad at him. He is the only person in the world who can protect you from any danger, just like he has done several times in the past.” 
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91
The next few days were really destructive for Allison. 
Because, first, she was always under Ethan’s gaze. Everyone at the school was now aware of the fact that the two of them had ended their relationship. She was having a chat with Teresa one day, and Sophia overheard what they were saying to each other. 
She was like BBC News. She spread the word to others about the breakup and made it their school’s hot topic. 
And second, Ryan was not in the pack. He went somewhere again. Allison wanted to ask him. where he always went. 
Though she had his contact number, she did not try to call him. 
He had not expressed his true feelings for her yet. He only told her that he wanted her, but in what way? She still did not know that. 
Therefore, she decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and wait for him to come back. 
On the other hand, she was thinking about something else. If he cared about her in the way that he claimed to, he would not have left the pack. 
What did he do when he was outside? Is it possible that he went out with other girls since he was unable to freely move around here in order to demonstrate to her how much he had changed? 
So many different thoughts kept running through her head. 
“Oh, hello? You are lost again.” 
Teresa waved her hand in front of Allison’s face and tried to grab her attention. 
Allison looked at her. “No, I am listening to you.” She replied. 
They were sitting in a cafe shop. They planned to do their shopping so they came to a nearby 
mall. 
“I am asking you again, are you thinking about Ryan Iversen?” 
This was the question that Teresa posed to her one hundred times. It seemed that she would not stop until she received a response of ‘Yes‘. 
“Yes.” 
“I knew it.” 
“I have no idea where he has disappeared to. 
“You never asked me, though.” 
Hearing Teresa, Allison widened her eyes. 
“You know where he is?” 
Teresa gave her an amused look while raising her eyebrows. “So desperate you are! Look at your face. You are in love with him, honey.” 
Allison hit her arm. “Why didn’t you tell me before?” 
“I wanted you to ask me. But you never asked. So I kept quiet and enjoyed your desperation for that playboy.” She replied with a wink. 
“Where is he? How do you 
know?” 
“Max went with him. They went somewhere together.” 
“Where?” 
“I don’t know. But Max told me that one of their friends is sick. So they need to go to see him.” 
“Oh, so that’s the case.” Allison muttered. 
“Yes, that’s the only case. What did you think?” 
“Nothing.” 
Teresa let out a chuckle as she realized what Allison had been thinking. 
“If you truly love him, you should have some faith in what he can do.” 
Allison felt her pulse pumping whenever Teresa spoke the word “Love” because she was thinking of Ryan at the time. 
“Love is a very heavy word, Tess. I am afraid to love again. I am scared.” 
There was nothing more that Teresa could say. She was aware that it was quite challenging for Allison. She had to bear so much pain at such a young age. 
Meanwhile, Ryan was someone no one could control. Even his parents could not control him. So it was not easy for Allison to believe him. 
Teresa also doubted him. But Max assured her every day that Ryan had changed after meeting Allison. He said that the past should not matter, which was really true. 
“When he returns, don’t give in so easily. Let him chase you for a long time. He always found it easy to grab girls. So he should know that a precious girl is not easy to get.” Teresa suggested it to her with a devilish grin. 
“I don’t even know what he wants.” 
“You.” 
“What?” 
“He wants you.” 
Allison laughed at her answer. It was she who told her about this conversation. So Teresa repeated Ryan’s reply. 
They left the cafe and went back to shopping. 
Allison blushed when Teresa dragged her into Victoria’s secret. Teresa bought a few pieces of lingerie that made Allison’s cheeks flush. 
Teresa looked at Allison and locked her arm with hers. 
“Honey, a girl should take care of her man. She should make him crazy for her so that he can not even think of looking at any other girl.” 
Allison gulped when she heard her. She cast a cursory glance over the revealing nightgowns and underwear in a variety of hues. 
Teresa bought a few of them and paid for them. 
Teresa was mated to Max, so having sex was not a big deal for them. Teresa’s family knew about Max, she introduced him to them after marking. Who would say no to a fated mate? Max was a beta in rank, and he was a polite boy, his reputation was not bad at all. Though his parents were not alive, Teresa’s family told him that he was like their own son. 
Teresa and Allison left the showroom and started to walk. Allison bought a few more dresses. Most of them were black. Teresa teased her, saying that she was buying black to impress Ryan because he liked black clothing. 
After shopping, Teresa dropped Allison off at her home. 
Allison’s parents told her that she should go out with Teresa more. Because she looked upset all day. They did not like their daughter’s upset face. 
At night, after Allison had dinner with her parents, she returned to her room and lay down on the bed. 
She turned in the bed left and right a few times but she could not get any sleep. 
It had been two hours since she tried to sleep but failed. She was depressed. Even her parents might be in a deep sleep right now, but she was awake. 
She sat up and rubbed her forehead. 
At that time, her phone rang. 
She grabbed her phone and looked at the screen. 
Her eyes widened when she saw Ryan’s name. 
Ryan called her. 
Her heart was beating at a rapid rate. She swallowed hard before picking up the phone and answering it. 
“Hello?” She said it while she awaited his response. 
He was silent for a minute. She was desperate to hear his deep voice. 
Then he replied, 
“Come down, I am outside.” 
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92
The sound of his deep voice almost caused her heart to break free of her body. However, the things he said left her speechless. 
She bolted upright in bed and dashed to the window in a hurry. 
She moved the blinds from the window and looked down. He was out of her house, indeed. 
While leaning in his car, he was smoking a cigarette. 
“What are you doing here?” She asked while looking at him. 
He looked up and shifted his eyes on her. 
“Come down.” 
They locked their gaze for a moment. She had no idea why she was feeling so nervous, but she did. 
She was now single. There was no other man in her life right now. She had broken up with Ethan. So there was no barrier to stop him from coming close to her. 
Her eyes fell on the cigarette buds beside his car. 
“My Dad is at home. He will see you.” 
“So?” 
“What do you mean by “So‘?” 
“Do you think I am afraid of your Dad?” 
“Yes. You never come here when my dad is at home.” 
“That’s because I don’t want to create any drama.” 
“But-” 
“Will you 
keep talking from there or come down? Or do you want me to come upstairs?” 
“What? No. Wait, I am coming.” 
“Come fast.” After saying that, he ended the call and looked away from her. 
“This arrogant boy!” She muttered and went to the closet. 
She took out one of the clothes she bought today to wear at home. 
She wore a sleeveless black T–shirt and a maroon long skirt. It was a casual dress, not a dress for going somewhere. 
“I would meet him and come back.” She said to herself and wore the clothes. 
She arranged a few pillows on the bed and then wrapped her blanket around them to conceal them. It appeared like a person was asleep. She could not help but laugh as she thought about her sneaky plan to trick her parents into thinking she was sleeping if they came to 
check on her. 
She switched off her room’s light and then left her room. She closed the door very lightly so 
that it did not make any noise. 
Due to the fact that she was just wearing a pair of sandals she had to take her time climbing down the stairs as she rushed out of the house. She had the house key, so she locked the 
main door of the house. 
She let out a sigh of relief as she finally managed to sneak out of the house without waking 
anyone. 
After turning around, she noticed Ryan was staring at her. 
The fact that he was wearing black boots, a black t–shirt, and black jeans created the impression that he was the king of the night. 
She almost forgot how good–looking he was. His hair was messed up by the blowing winds. The way his bangs masked his forehead gave him the appearance of a baby boy. 
However, when anyone who looked into his eyes could immediately perceive how dark those 
eyes were. 
As she moved closer to him, he threw the cigarette that he was holding in his hand. He smashed it to the ground and opened the front door for her. 1 
“What?” She asked while looking at him. 
“Get in.” 
“I mean, why? Where are we going? I can’t go anywhere.” 
“And why can’t you?” 
“Mom and Dad will find out that I am not at home.” 
“I will bring you back here before they wake up.” 
“But I didn’t even wear a dress to go out.” 
“I don’t care.” He said and pushed her into the front seat, then closed the door. 
He then got into the driver’s seat and turned the car’s ignition key. 
She gave him a fleeting look. She was feeling something new. 
It was like there was no heavy feeling in her heart. 
From the moment that she decided to be with Ethan, she made every effort to avoid being around Ryan. She did not want to cheat on Ethan, so she felt guilty when Ryan kissed her. 
Now that she had no relationship with Ethan, she felt free in her heart. 
She stared at the man beside her, who was driving calmly. He changed her life completely. 
Who would have guessed that she would fall for this troublemaker? 
“When did you come back?” She asked with a lower tone. 
He sent a brief glance her way, but she quickly diverted her gaze away from him. 
His eyes then shifted back to the street, and he responded, 
“Just now.” 
“What?” 
“Yeah, I came to your house directly.” 
When she heard that, her mouth dropped open in shock. She clamped her lips together and 
turned her attention to the view outside the window. 
‘He came to meet me as soon as he reached the pack?‘ She thought. 
She saw that he had taken the car down a path she was not familiar with. 
“Where are we going?” 
“I don’t know.” 
She turned to him. “You don’t know?” 
“Yeah, I wanted to see you so badly that I drove all the way over to your house. Then, as you came down and I saw you, I did not want you to go back soon. So I thought to go for a long 
drive.” 
She was stunned. She gave his hand a quick peek and noticed that the bandage on it was gone, indicating that his hand had fully healed. 
“Where were you?” She asked with an inquisitive tone. 
“I went to visit a very good friend of mine who lives far away. She was very sick. She needed me. So I had to go.” 
Her brows creased, “She?” 
“Hmm.” 
Herd 
Her delighted face turned into an upset one. She turned her head to the window again. 
‘He went out of the pack for a girl who is his good friend. Is she really his friend? How close could she be that he had to leave his own pack? Didn’t he tell me once that he doesn’t make friends with girls?‘ 
“Stop overthinking. She is just a friend.” She heard him. 
She did not turn to him. He could have told her before leaving. 
The long drive was silent. The car stopped somewhere. 
Ryan turned his head to face her. She was looking out. 
“Hey.” 
She did not reply to him. So he grabbed her chin lightly and turned her face to look at him. 
She pushed his hand away. “What?” 
“Are you a 
you angry?” 
“No, you should go back to your friend. Why did you come back?” 
“I would have stayed there if I hadn’t found you in this pack. I am here because of you.” 
“What?” 
He leaned forward and said, 
“I heard 
you broke up 
with Ethan.” 
+
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93
Allison avoided looking at Ryan by averting her gaze. She gave a slight nod of her head. 
“Yeah. But not because of you, okay?” 
He chuckled when he heard her. He moved back and shook his head. 
“When did I ever say to you that you did it because of me?” 
“I just clarified the fact.” 
“You don’t have you, baby.” He replied and smiled. 
She opened the door and got out of the car. She gasped when she saw where they were. 
They were on a bridge that was across a river. She turned her gaze toward the sky. The moon was shining brightly, and the entire span of the bridge was illuminated by the light from the 
moon. 
“Wow.” She mumbled. 
After exiting the car, he walked around to the front of the car and leaned against it. 
“Come here.” 
She walked to him and leaned beside him. 
“Have you ever come here with anyone?” He asked. 
“No, in fact, I haven’t gone anywhere much. My parents always told me not to go somewhere far.” She replied honestly as she stared at the river. 
“Why?” 
“Maybe it’s because I am an Omega. I can’t even shift and run alone. My father forbade me 
to do that.” 
Ryan stared at Allison. His eyes lightened when she was talking to him. He was observing her every motion. 
The way she talked, the way she smiled when looking at the river, the way she was amazed by the moon, everything was captured by his eyes. 
“How about you?” Allison asked. 
When she did not get any reply, she turned her head toward him. 
He was looking at her intensely. She looked into his eyes. She tried to read his eyes but failed. 
He leaned forward and kissed her cheek 
“You are cute.” 
She froze because of his actions and words. He moved and leaned his back against the car glass. 
He put one hand behind his head and lay on the car. His eyes were in the sky. 
“What do hear about me?” 
you want to 
She came back to her senses and touched her cheek. She felt a tingling feeling that was still there. 
She glanced at him. 
The more she looked at him, the more she fell for him. He was glowing under the moonlight. 
“You will fall for me if you keep staring at me.” He let out. 
She looked away and sighed. ‘It’s good that he does not know about my feelings for him.” She thought. 
He took a firm grip on her hand and drew her closer to him. 
When she fell, she landed on his chest. She raised her brows and stared at him with a stunned expression as she raised her head. 
While he was speaking to her, he tucked some of her hair behind her ear and said, 
“Lay down here. You can feel the wind and the beautiful nature together.” 
She did not argue with him. She lay next to him. He looked impressed. 
“I like it when you behave submissively toward me.” 
“Excuse me?” 
“I mean, I love the way you listened to me.” 
She rolled her eyes. “I am not listening to anyone. I wanted to see the moon, so I did that. By the way, I was asking about you. What about your wolf?” 
He turned his head away from her and closed his eyes. “What do you want to know about my wolf?” 
Allison felt eager to know about him and his wolf. Since he was in the mood to talk tonight, she asked the question that always kept coming to her mind. 
“What happened to your wolf?” 
“What can happen to my wolf? Totally fine.” 
“I have never seen you talk to anyone with mind links.” 
“Because I don’t want to contact anyone here.” 
“Why?” 
“This is not my pack. This is not my world.” 
“What do you mean? This is your father’s pack. So this is 
s pack. So this is yours too.” 
He shook his head, his eyes were still closed. If anyone passed them, they would say that he was sleeping. However, they were the only people on the whole bridge. No one was passing by. She wondered where he had brought her. 
“This is Ethan’s pack.” 
“He is your brother. You are a member of this pack, so this is your pack too, Ryan.” 
“Change the topic.” 
“Why?” 
“I don’t want to talk about them.” 
Allison turned to his side and rested her head on her palm. She looked at him carefully. He 
had flawless features. 
“Where did you go?” 
“I told you.” 
“No, I mean where?” 
“Another pack.” 
“Which pack?” 
‘Somewhere very far.” 
“Where did you use to live?” 
She waited for his answer. But he kept quiet. She patted his chest. She thought he had fallen asleep. 
She patted him once again, but he grabbed her wrist and opened his eyes. 
“You are very curious about me, aren’t you?” 
She lowered her head. She was indeed very curious about him. 
His other hand brushed her waist. It made her look at him. 
He lifted his head and came close to her face. She gulped and looked everywhere except into his eyes. 
“Learning me is not a piece of cake, baby. There are so many things you have to learn first before knowing me.” 
“What are you saying?” She asked and looked into his eyes. 
“Didn’t I tell you that I would make you my secret keeper? I will. But it will take time for you to becoine the one I want you to be.” 
His nose brushed hers. Their lips were about to touch. But Allison pushed his chest lightly. 
He moved his face toward her hair with a smile. 
“You are very shy. I like it.” 
“I haven’t given you the right to kiss me anytime yet.” She said boldly. 
He moved away from her hair and looked at her. 
“Do you think I need your permission to even touch you?” 
She turned her face. She turned to look around their surroundings and saw that there was no one else there. So even if he wanted to do something with her, she could not escape. 
She felt his hand circling her waist. He chuckled at her expression. 
He leaned back and laughed while shaking his head and resting his head. 
“You really thought I would do something to you?” 
He removed his hand from her waist. She hit his arm, and he laughed even more. 
“Stop teasing me. Tell me, where did you take me? What is this place?” 
He sat up and replied, 
“This is the place between two packs.” 
“Oh.” She let out and glanced at the two sides. 
“I have never visited other packs.” She mumbled. 
She felt his hand stroking her hair. She heard him, 
“Really? Then I will take you to visit one of the best packs. Would you like to come with me?” 
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94
She turned her head to him. “You will take me to another pack?” 
with me, then.” 
“Yeah. If you agree wi 
She was about to say yes. Then she had the epiphany that her parents would never give their consent for her to wander off without them. 
“What happened?” He asked when he saw her upset face. 
“No, I can’t.” 
“Why? You don’t believe in me, do you? 
It was his question that gave her pause. How ready and willing she was to answer yes. It turned out that she had genuine confidence in him within her heart. 
The most important thing was that she had a sense of safety in this environment when she was with him. 
She was looking forward to the time she would get to spend with him. 
She had never thought that Ryan would make her feel like this. 
“Your silence is giving me an answer.” 
She avoided his inquiry and said, 
“My parents will never give me permission to go outside of this pack because of my rank‘ 
“You are my Omega. Who will dare to touch you? I will bury them alive.” 
His unexpected words mirrored what she was feeling deep down inside. Her inner wolf let forth a low growl. 
She couldn’t take her eyes off his wise features. He appeared grave as if he were getting ready to kill everybody who crossed his path. 
She flushed and blinked her eyes several times. She turned away from him and looked away. 
‘His Omega?‘ She repeated his words in her heart. It sounded very intimate. 
He grabbed hold of her waist and dragged her in his direction. The surface of the car was slippery, so she went quickly to grab hold of him by the pull. 
“From now on, you are under my protection. Just tell me if you feel something is wrong 
with anyone. I will punish them in my way. No one is allowed to touch my baby.” 
His face was in close proximity to hers. She could feel his warmth emanating from him. She took her time looking at his features. 
‘When did we become this close?‘ she asked herself. 
“Do you get it?” He inquired. 
She gave a slight shake in response. 
“No.” 
“What?” 
“Do you even know how to fight? How will you protect me if someone tries to attack me in wolf form?” She asked in a playful manner. 
However, a shadow appeared in his eyes. 
His hold became increasingly firm. “You think all of my life I have been only roaming around girls, right?” 
She immediately shook her head. She thought he was hurt by her words. 
She rested her hands on his shoulder. “I didn’t mean to say that.” 
“Well, that’s fine with me if that’s what you think. I am not the type of person to convince you to change your opinion. I have mentioned it to you before.” 
After he disengaged his hold on her waist and climbed down from the car, he walked to the door of the car. 
She had a fixed gaze on him. She also lowered herself to the ground and questioned, 
“Did I make you angry?” 
“No, let’s go. I will drop you home before sunrise.” 
He then opened the door and got inside. She followed him and went to sit beside him in the passenger seat. 
She buckled the seatbelt and glanced at him. 
“I didn’t mean to hurt you.” She mumbled. 
“Hmm.” 
He turned the key in the ignition and drove off in the direction of Allison’s house. 
The whole car ride was silent. He started smoking a cigarette before lowering the window. next to him. He smoked and drove the car together. 
She wanted to stop him, but she realized that he was already mad at her and so she refrained from doing so. 
She could not help but keep looking at him. 
‘Why did he take it to his heart? He never attended any training, which is why it hurt his ego. 
I should not have said that. How come I always end up talking much too much? It was my fault for not keeping my lips shut.‘ She kept scolding herself in her head. 
“I am sorry.” 
While lowering her head, she whispered. She fixed her gaze down on her lap. 
She thought he would not hear her, but he heard her clearly. 
“Why?” He asked the reason for her apology. 
“You came to meet me directly, and throughout our conversation I said something that ruined your mood. I am sorry for upsetting you.” 
“You don’t have to apologize. I am not upset. I just learned your thoughts about me.” 
What he was thinking was wrong. She did not want to humiliate him. She knew he had misunderstood her. Though he had reasons for that. Because his father always talked about these things with him. So he thought she was mocking him. 
Allison did not want any misunderstandings between them. 
Therefore, she confronted him with her words, 
“No. I apologize if I offended you in any way. It was merely a 
Comment that 
slipped out of my mouth. I only meant it as a joke, but you took it too seriously.” 
The car came to a halt in front of Allison’s house. She did not take her gaze off him as she waited to hear him out. 
He smashed the bud of the cigarette in the ashtray that had been placed on the car. 
He turned to her and looked into her eyes. 
“I want you to know one thing very clearly.” 
“Yes?” 
“I did not want to come back here. But I returned for you. I want to be with you. I want you to feel the same way I feel for you.” He leaned toward her as he spoke. 
The moment he got nearer to her, she could feel a fluttering in her chest caused by her beating heart. 
Due to his breaths brushing her face, she was unable to concentrate on what he was saying. Her cheeks flushed with redness. 
He cupped her cheek and said, 
“Allison, be mine. I will grant you what you deserve. I will give you every pleasure that you have never thought of.” 
She closed her eyes and focused on the sensation of his touch and his words without giving him a response. 
He tilted his head and kissed her cheek, then confessed to her. 
“I really like you, Allison.” 
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95
Allison opened her eyes. Her eyes became teary. She looked at the man in front of her. She did not know him very well, but somehow she trusted him in her heart. She felt that he was a 
really close person on whom she could rely. 
His lips were about to brush hers, but she moved and hugged him. 
Her hands curled around his neck in a tight embrace. He was taken aback by her action. She sobbed as she buried her face in his neck and cried. 
“I believe in you. I won’t tell you a lie. There is a part of me that is terrified to open up and give my heart to you.” 
She felt his arms wrap around her waist and draw her closer to his body as he pulled her in. 
“I promise that I will never hurt your feelings.” 
She smiled and nodded her head. She did not break the embrace she was in. She had no intention of releasing her hold on him. 
He caressed her back and kissed her hair. 
“You are my baby. Trust me. I will always keep you safe in my arms. 
After a moment of closeness, she pulled away from the embrace and lowered her head. In order to get a better look at her face, he tugged on a strand of hair behind her ear. Even though it was dark inside the car, he was able to make out her beautiful face very clearly. 
He bent his head to kiss her, but she looked at him and immediately pressed her hand over his mouth. 
His in–depth eyes glanced at her hand and then shifted to her face. 
“Good night, Ryan.” She said with a shy smile. 
She felt him kissing her palm. Her brows shot up, and she removed her hand from his mouth. 
He moved close, and she thought ho 
next move. 
would kiss her lips. She shut her eyes and waited for his 
But he kissed her forehead and replied, 
“Good night, Baby.” 
She opened her eyes and stared at him. 
It turned out that he was nothing like what she was expecting him to be. He was different. She clung to the hope that this behavior was just for her. 1 
He reached the door beside her and opened it for her. 
She got out of the car and closed the door. She gave him a glance and then waved her hand. 
“Bye.” 
He gave her a nod. “See you in the morning, baby.” 
She blushed and turned around. She ran up to the front door and unlocked it as quickly as she could. 
She gently made her way to her room. She breathed a sigh of relief when she realized that no one had come into her room to wake her up or to check on her. Everything was the same in 
her room. 
She had just changed into her pajamas and was about to head to bed. But she cast a peek toward the window and then stepped over to it. 
She saw that Ryan’s car was still outside her house. 
‘He did not leave yet?‘ 
Then she spotted him driving the car away from her house. 
It was clear to her that he was checking in on her to make sure that everything was okay in her house. 
“He is such a caring person!” 
She closed the window and rushed to the bed. She thought about what Ryan had said to her. She grinned to herself as she pondered on everything that had happened. 
After a long time, she was feeling delighted. 
The following day, she went to school late. 
The professor scolded her for entering the class late. “Lam 
am so sorry, Sir.” 
“Next time, come on time, Miss Clark.” The professor said so and told her to take her seat. 
Allison could sense the gazes of the others as she made her way to her seat. 
When it was break time, she met Teresa in the cafeteria. 
The fact that Max had returned the previous night seems to have made Teresa quite happy. 
“Do you know? Ryan has returned.” Teresa said to Allison. 
Allison nodded her head in response. “Yes, I do.” 
“How?” 
“He came to meet me last night.” 
“What? When?” 
“When everyone in my home was asleep.” 
Teresa’s jaw dropped. “And?” 
“And what, Tess?” 
“What happened after that? You better not dare miss any moment while you are explaining things to me. I want to know everything.” 
The conversation continued with Allison chuckling and telling her that Ryan drove her on a long drive. After she explained how Ryan had confessed to her, she became emotional as she spoke about the moment. 
When Teresa heard her, she immediately embraced her. “Aww. Sweetheart.” 
Allison and Teresa talked to each other for a long time. Teresa gave her some advice for relationships. 
“Let me order something.” Teresa said and stood up. 
“I am coming with you.” 
“No. I am coming back. Tell me, what do you want to eat?” 
“Anything you like order one for me. 
“Okay, I am coming then.” 
Allison pulled out her cell phone. There were no missed calls or messages in her inbox. 
‘Am I waiting for him to call or text me?‘ She thought for a moment before shaking her head. 
Someone tapped on the table while she was waiting for Teresa. She looked up and saw the person she was thinking about. 
Ryan was standing in front of her table. He bent down as he rested his palms on the table and asked, 
“May I sit here?” 
It was difficult for her to tear her gaze away from the dashing young man. The thick eyebrows he had were masked by the bangs on his forehead. She noticed that he did not look cold when he hid his forehead with his bangs. This hairstyle really suited him. 
“If you want me to remain in this position for hours while waiting for your response, then I can do that.” 
His remarks took her back from her thoughts. 
“Huh?” She mumbled and looked away from him. Her eyes cast a quick glance all around the cafeteria. 
They were the focus of everyone’s attention. Girls were frowning at her, and the boys were experiencing feelings of envy because of her. Because she was the girl every boy desired in their schools. 
“S–Sure. You can sit.” 
She thought that he would sit in the seat directly opposite her. However, he approached her, grabbed the chair next to hers, and then swiveled it around so that it faced her. Then he sat down on the chair. They were sitting really close to each other. 
She parted her lips and muttered, 
“Everyone is looking at us.” 
“So? Are you ashamed to be seen with me?” 
She shook her head. “No.” 
“Then let them see.” 
She looked into his eyes. “Will you always be like this with me?” 
He chuckled at her question. 
“I will. But if one day you think of betraying me…” 
He paused for a moment and looked at the table. His fingers were playing on the table. 
His gaze turned dark. Then he let out, 
“I will show you a different side of mine.” 
1 
###Chapter 96
Chapter 96
Allison could not understand his words. It was clear to her that she would never turn her back on him. Be that as it may, what exactly did he mean when he referred to betraying him? 
She had a question in mind, but before she could ask it, Teresa brought over a plate of food and placed it on the table. 
“Here is 
your food.” 
She looked at Teresa and said, “Sit.” 
“No way. I can’t be a third wheel between two love birds.” 
Allison blushed and hit her hand. “Don’t say these things.” 
Teresa laughed and bent down. She kissed Allison’s cheek. 
“Don’t be mad at me, my honey. My mate is waiting for me at that table.” 
Allison cast her gaze over to a table that was a little ways away from them. Max was sitting there. He waved his hand at her. She gave him a friendly grin and nod in response. She gave Teresa a look before uttering the word “Okay.” 
Teresa straightened her back and sent a quick glance in the direction of Ryan, whose gaze had been intently focused on Allison from the very beginning. 
So rather than bothering herself with a greeting, Teresa headed straight to the table where Max was sitting. 
Allison turned her head toward Ryan. “What are you looking at?” She queried him, seeing that his gaze was fixed on her without shifting in any way. 
“I don’t like it when she kisses you.” 
Allison’s eyes widened. “She just gave me a peck on the cheek. She is my best friend, she can do that. And she is a girl, not a boy.” 
He shook his head. “I can’t share you with a girl either.” 
She heaved a breath as she turned her gaze away from him. She heard his chuckle as he moved away. 
She looked at him. He had a grin on his face. 
She could not help but smile as she continued to gaze at his charming grin. It was hard to 
resist him when he smiled 
She glanced at her plate and patted his shoulder. 
“Take a bite.” 
He shook his head in disagreement. “I am full.” 
“But you have just entered the cafe. When did you eat?” 
“I am not hungry.” 
Allison did not listen to him and brought the spoon close to his mouth instead. 
“Eat.” 
He stared at the spoon for a while. 
“You know what you are doing, right?” He muttered. 
“Yeah. I am feeding you. Now eat.” 
He allowed her to feed him by opening his mouth and letting her do so. 
His eyes moved on her. The way she was feeding him from her plate captivated his heart. He had never experienced such compassion and concern from another person before. 
Beginning at a young age, he was involved in arguments with her parents and Ethan. Although his mother loved him, she chose to spend the majority of her time with her older child. 
When he was in his teenage years, he left the pack and stayed alone abroad. There was no one in his life who could show love or care for him. 
So this was the first time he had the feeling that someone was moving his heart. 
He was completely focused on the girl who was conversing with him and feeding him at the same time. She was living in her own little universe. She had no idea what position she was holding in his life. She was completely unaware of the immense power that she was harboring on the inside. She was naive and innocent in his eyes. He believed that she would not treat him in the same manner that his family had in the past.. 
He was confident that she was not like the other girls who were after power and position. She was different from them. She would never abandon him. 
“So my parents got worried about me and told me to spend more time with Teresa.” 
Allison was telling Ryan how she was spending her days when he left the pack. 
He grabbed her hand just as she was going to give him another spoonful of food. 
“I am done, baby. You can have it now.” 
She watched him get up from the chair he was sitting in. 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yeah, two hundred percent.” 
“Where are you going?” 
“I am going to join the classes.” 
“Oh.” She realized that they had spent a long time in the cafeteria. It was time for classes. 
“Meet me after the classes.” He said and headed to the door. 
She gazed at his back. When viewed from behind, he gave off the impression of being a very powerful guy. 
Sometimes, she felt that he had duality. He was a boy with charms that drew other girls and at the same time, a guy who could have a chilly demeanor and was not afraid of anyone. 
“Which one are you, Ryan?” She asked while looking at him. Even after he had exited the cafeteria, she did not take her gaze off of the glass door. 
After Teresa had joined her at her table, the two of them proceeded to the classes together. Allison concentrated on the classes and reminded herself that she needed to focus on her studies since everything was fine now. 
After all the classes, she walked to the entrance with Teresa. 
After Ryan ate lunch with her at the same table in the cafeteria, she began to overhear other students talking about her at the school. 
“Look at her. The fact that she is the beta’s daughter is definitely an advantage in her favor. She had the opportunity to be in a relationship with Ethan, and now she is rambling around with his brother. How shameless!” 
Teresa wanted to reprimand the girls, but Allison stopped her by shaking her head. When Teresa glared at the girl, the girl responded by rolling her eyes. 
Allison’s steps halted when he saw Ryan. He also heard that girl. He turned to the girl, who was talking with her friends. Then he headed to the girl and stopped in front of her. 
Both Allison and Teresa turned their heads to look at him. Everyone else in the area came to a halt and watched to see what action Ryan would take in response to the situation. 
“Did you just say something?” Ryan asked the girl. 
The girl was stunned. She did not think that she was loud enough for everyone to hear her. She only wanted to be heard by Allison. She was completely oblivious to the fact that Ryan was close to her. 
“I–I was just stating the facts.” 
Ryan glared at her with annoyance. “If you can’t learn to keep your mouth shut, you don’t have to come to this school from tomorrow.” 
She was startled by his words and his dark eyes, which caused her to take a step back. “R- Ryan, I-” 
“A delta female whose father is a pack fighter. I think your father should quit training as a pack fighter and instead concentrate on the parenting of his daughter.” 
The girl was shocked that Ryan identified her father’s rank correctly without even seeing him. He even warned her indirectly about his father’s profession. She started to cry. But Ryan did not show any sympathy for her. 
He walked to Allison. Everyone was taken aback by Ryan’s statements. Allison was just as surprised as everyone else. 
He grabbed her hand and declared it loudly, 
“Next time, whoever wants to mock her by taking Ethan’s name, come to me directly. Because I am the one who is pursuing her.” 
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97
There was not a single utterance made by anyone. Allison’s gaze was fixed entirely on Ryan the entire time. 
The 
way 
he warned others about her and the way he declared that he was after her made her feel butterflies in her stomach. 
As they left the school, he led her by the hand and pulled her along with him. 
Teresa was following in their footsteps from behind. Once she arrived at the parking lot, Max was already there waiting for her. 
Ryan took Allison to the parking area. He unlocked his car and opened the front door for her. 
She was surprised. “Are we going somewhere?” 
He nodded his head. She could see he was in a bad mood. Therefore, she did not ask about anything and simply got into the car. 
She peered out the window and gave Teresa a wave. 
“Bye. See you tomorrow.” 
Teresa gave her a knowing wink. “Enjoy your time. Bye.” 
Ryan started the car. Allison relaxed her body against the back of her seat. 
“Are you in a bad mood?” She inquired of him. 
“Yeah.” 
“It’s okay. People like to talk, let them be.” 
His brows were knit together in concentration. 
“Let them be? It looks like people here don’t have any fear. They never stop making derogatory comments about anyone.” 
“They have fear, that is the reason why they quit spreading rumors about me while I was in a relationship with Ethan. But when they realized that we had broken up and that I was no 
longer in a relationship,with him, they began the same thing all over again.” 
He scoffed upon hearing that. “He called himself a head Alpha? He doesn’t have enough qualities. He needs to learn how to claim his rights first.” 
175 
“But by taking control of this pack, he is already getting what is his right.” She replied simply. 
“Really? Do you think taking over your own pack is an achievement?” 
“No, my father never stops talking about him. On the battlefield, he performs admirably. Have you not noticed how pleased Alpha Neil is with him?” 
“Yeah, you are right. How can I forget that?” He muttered. 
She turned to him. “Ryan, calm down, okay?” She lightly touched his arm and rubbed it. 
“Okay, but you have to call me Daddy.” 
“What the heck!” 
He chuckled and shook his head. She glared at him, but her cheeks turned red. 
“I thought you were in a serious mood. But look at you.” 
“What can I do? You came to me every time I became furious and attempted to calm me down with your words and your presence. Your touch immediately puts me in a calm state.” 
She rolled her eyes. “Stop flirting.” 
“Oh, you are thinking that I am trying to flirt with you?” 
“Of course.” She remarked while casting a glance out the window. 
“By the way, where are we going?” 
“In a restaurant.” 
“Restaurant?” She asked while turning her attention to him. 
In response to her question, he gave her a nod. She did not inquire about anything else and remained silent while he was driving. 
The car arrived at the destination, which was a restaurant. They got out of the car. Ryan gave the key to one of the guards and held Allison’s hand. 
Even though she was not accustomed to having skinship with others, she smiled whenever he touched her. They proceeded indoors to the restaurant. 
It was very similar to a coffee shop. There were very young people there conversing and eating. 
(2/5) 
The restaurant was exceptionally neat and tidy, and it was adorned with a variety of different potted plants. Many brown tables were set in the shape of school benches, and the branded cups that were displayed on the tables gave the restaurant an attractive look. 
Ryan moved in the direction of a stairway made of wood. She was quite surprised when she learned that the beautiful restaurant actually had a second floor. 
When they reached the second floor, she gasped. 
It was a rooftop restaurant. 
The view of the sky was breathtaking. Both the sky and the forest were in front of her. 
She looked at the table, which was organized under the open sky. 
It was a cloudy day, so the weather was very romantic. 
One thing grabbed her attention. There was only one table with two chairs, which were empty. 
She turned to him. “Did you book that table for us?” 
He smiled and took her to the table. 
“Of course, my baby’s first date should be memorable.” He then replied while pulling a chair out for her. 
She sat on the chair. Her eyes were fixed on him. He moved over to the other chair and sat down. 
“Date?” She asked. 
“Yeah. This is your first date with someone, right?” 
She shook her head. “No, Ethan took me to a restaurant a few days ago.” 
His eyes turned dark. “Don’t you think sometimes you are being too honest?” 1 
“Yeah, because I don’t want to start any relationship with you with any lies. I want to be honest with you, and I want you to be honest with me as well.” 
Two waiters came to their table and served a variety of appetizers. 
Allison thanked them and looked at Ryan. 
“You have planned everything?” 
“Yes. I thought it was your first-” 
By placing her palm over his, Allison was able to get his attention and interrupt him. 
“I know that I was involved with him, but other than that, you will always be my first in 
everything.” 
He took her hand in his and kissed the back of her hand. 
“I know. I will not allow anyone to be with you either.” 
With a shy smile on her face, Allison lowered her head. She had no idea how all of these things happened. She had feelings for this man, and now he was by her side. When did she start having feelings for him? 
“What are you thinking?” He asked before placing her hands on the table. 
He gestured to her to eat and talk. She started to eat and replied, 
“When did you start to like me?” 
He took a break from eating. It was almost as if he had to think about it for a moment before answering her question. 
“The night I saw you in the club.” 
“The day you returned?” Her question reflected her bewilderment. During that night, she and he argued with each other. She used to dislike him. 
“Yeah.” 
“Why?” 
“Because I saw a girl crying. She did not look like someone who enjoyed going out to clubs and parties. In my eyes, she was different from others. Because I knew who she was. She was an Omega who was searching for love. She needed someone who could protect her. She was a priceless treasure, who had stunning beauty but she was hiding it from others.” 
When he described her, she was taken aback by his words. 
She quickly averted her gaze to get away from his intense eyes which were staring at her. 
Looking at her reaction, he continued, 
“From that night on, I thought to make you mine.” 
She glanced at him. He did not look like he was joking, or he would laugh the next moment. 
45 
She saw him running his fingers through his hair. His bangs moved from his forehead a 
little. 
Something caught her eye, and her eyes widened. “Ryan, what happened to your forehead?” 
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98
Ryan’s fingers paused in his hair for a moment. Then he rubbed his bangs and shook his 
head. 
“Nothing.” 
Allison knew he was clearly lying. Because she had just noticed something on his forehead. 
She got on her feet and went to him. 
“I said it’s nothing.” 
Ryan attempted to convince her, but she was persistent enough to hear him. 
She cupped his cheeks and turned him to look up at her. 
“Let me see.” She said and brushed his bangs away from his forehead. 
Her jaw dropped. There was a big scar on his forehead. It was a raw wound as if he had just been injured. 
“How did this happen?” she asked with a shocked tone. 
His eyes scrutinized her reaction. He did not let out a word but only observed her 
expressions. 
“How did you get hurt?” She asked softly while stroking her thumb over the scar. 
He hissed, and she gasped as she thought he felt pain. “D–Did I h–hurt you?” 
He laughed at her reaction. She frowned at him and hit his arm. 
“How dare you make fun of my feelings? I thought you felt pain.” She said with an angry tone and was about to hit him another time on his shoulder, but before that, he grabbed her 
waist. 
She struggled in his grip. “Let me go. You always make me feel like you are serious. But the next moment you act like a brat.” 
He pulled her close, and she fell on his lap. 
Her eyes dilated when she realized that she was sitting on his lap. 
She slowly looked at him. His hands were wrapped around her. She tried to move, but his grip tightened. 
“Someone will see us like that. Leave me.” 
“As if I care.” He replied with a smirk. 
Her eyes moved to his forehead again. 
“How did this happen? You did not reply to me.” 
a 
“I just got a small cut before returning here.” 
“How?” 
“A small fight with an old buddy.” 
“What type of friends have you made? How come a friend hit another friend like this?” 
The wound looked serious. She felt upset after seeing that. 
“Relax, Baby.” He assured her and patted her head. 
She unknowingly rested her head on his chest. She had a sudden desire to hug him. So she wrapped her hand around him and closed her eyes. 
He stroked her hair. “You did not get much sleep last night. I disturbed you.” 
“No, I was happy that you came to meet me.” 
“Really?” 
“Hmm.” 
They were quiet for a long time. Allison felt that the way she felt in Ryan’s arms was something very strange and satisfying. 
She had never felt anything like that with Ethan. 
The way Ryan made her feel shy with his blunt words and, at the same time, the way he her comfort, he was the only one for her. 
She had a very strong assumption about Ryan. 
gave 
She thought that he only liked intimacy and coupling. However, with her, he had never talked to her about those things. He was very patient with her and behaved warmly toward 
her. 
She had never thought that Ryan could make her this comfortable. 
She glanced at the side where a few waiters were coming their way with a trolley of food. 
She tried to stand up before they could see her on his lap. 
But Ryan refused to let her go. He grasped her tightly. She hid her face on his chest to avoid embarrassment in front of others. 
Those waiters cleared their throats and asked politely, 
“Sir, sorry to disturb you. We came to serve the main dishes.” 
Ryan gave a nod at them and gestured to them to serve the dishes on the table. 
They thought Allison was sleeping, so they quietly placed dishes on the table and took the leftovers on their trolley. After that, they left the floor and went downstairs. 
“They are gone.” He whispered in her ear. 
She turned her head and saw that there was no one around them. 
She let out a sigh and pressed her hands on his chest. “Let me go back to my chair.” 
She thought he would not let her go, but to her surprise, he released her. 
She stood up and walked back to sit on her chair. She looked at the table full of dishes. All of the dishes were the restaurant’s signature dishes. 
“Let’s eat.” He told her. 
She blinked her eyes a few times as she thought about how she was sitting on his lap a few seconds ago, then focused on her plate. 
She glanced at him. He was already eating. 
“What?” He asked as he gazed at her. 
“Nothing.” She replied and began to eat. 
When they were done with their meals, it was already evening. The sky was already dark. 
A few waiters came to clean the table. They placed a bottle of red wine in the middle of the 
table with a black velvet box. 
Allison’s eyes fell on the red wine and the box beside the bottle. When the waiters left, she asked him curiously, 
“What is this?” 
Ryan opened the bottle and poured two glasses of red wine. 
“You know I don’t drink.” She said. 
He pushed her glass toward her and said, 
“One sip won’t make you drunk.” 
She nodded her head. She believed in him. The last time she had a drink was when she went to the club for Owen’s birthday party with him. 
She sipped on it and put the glass on the table. 
She saw him grabbing the black velvet box. 
He rose up from his chair and approached her. 
He got down on his left knee. 
Her heart began to race as she realized what he was about to do. 
When he opened the box, she saw what was inside. 
It was a silver–colored chain braided in the middle with a little wolf pendant dangling from it. The trinket appeared to be antique. 
Her eyes froze on the beautiful necklace, and she heard his deep voice, 
“I can’t give you a ring right now because I am reserving that for a special day. But this is a very special thing to me and I want to give it to you. 
So, will you be the sunshine to light up my world?” 
Her heart skipped a beat by his statements. 
He fixed his eyes into hers and asked with an alluring tone, “Allison, will you be my girlfriend?” 
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99
Allison’s mouth fell open as she continued to stare at Ryan. 
He was awaiting her response at the moment. 
Before the other night, she was of the opinion that it was still too soon to give in. However, he finally came clean to her about his feelings last night. She put complete faith in him. She trusted his every word. 
She bit her bottom lips and nodded her head. 
“Yes.” 
When he finally received what he wanted, a smile spread across his face. He got to his feet and extended his hand toward her. 
She reached out and grabbed his hand before standing. He moved behind her. He shifted her hair so that it was now resting on her shoulder rather than her neck. 
He took out the necklace from the box and then placed it around her neck. 
She felt his fingertips on her neck and immediately closed her eyes. 
He wrapped his arms around her and rested his head on her neck. 
“This is a very meaningful necklace. Never remove this necklace from around your neck.” 
She reached out and gently caressed the wolf pendant hanging on the chain before nodding her head. “I will never remove this necklace from my neck.” 
She felt his lips brushing against her neck. He left butterfly kisses there. 
She was wearing a long brown dress. He reached out and grasped the fabric covering her right shoulder then tugged it downward slightly where he was resting his head. 
When she felt his lips nipping at her skin, she instantly jerked her head backward. His hold on her waist became increasingly firm, and he began to pull her in closer to his body. 
“You have no idea how badly I want you. To me, you are comparable to an addiction. I couldn’t even wait last night and rushed to you. You are killing me inside.” 
The combination of his deep voice and his passionate kisses caused her knees to wobble. 
He turned her around, and his eyes fell on her chest. Her cleavage was visible because of the way he moved down her cloth a minute ago. 
She felt shy under his gaze. She tried to pull up the cloth with one hand, but he grabbed her hands and locked them behind her back. 
She let out a gasp as her chest directly pressed against his body. 
“No one can stop me from now on. Not even you.” He smirked while looking into her eyes. 
She felt a strange sensation inside her. 
He leaned his head and kissed her neck. He sniffed and lightly bit on her soft spot. 
“Ahh!” 
She could not help but moan. Her moan shocked herself. He looked at her and asked, 
Are you seducing me, baby?” 
She shook her head immediately, like a lost child. She was indeed a baby. 
“No, I–I am not.” 
He released her, and she took a step backward. She was uncertain as to whether or not he 
would be bothered by her statements. 
He pulled up her dress in the right place and fixed her hair. 
After that, he took her by the hand and led her down the stairs. 
She was surprised by his sudden actions. After retrieving the key to his car from the security guard, he proceeded to the parking lot. 
It was dark in the parking lot. There were a few yellow lights that were throwing off the ray 
to show the way. 
He unlocked the car and opened the door for her. She had no idea what had happened to him. She remained quiet as she occupied the passenger seat, which was located next to the 
driver’s seat. 1 
He then got in the car and locked the car doors. 
She was stunned. 
“So where were we?” He asked. 
She gulped as she turned her head toward him. 
“No–Nowhere.” 
His sly grin made her nervous. He came close to her and leaned into her face. 
“Since you dared to seduce me, let me show how I will respond to you.” 
Before she could deny that she did not do anything, he grabbed her waist and pulled her into his lap. 
She was shocked. She was sitting on his lap in a position where his legs were in the middle of her both legs. Because of this, her dress was ruffled up and stopped at her mid–thighs. Her bare legs came to be visible. 
His hands moved slowly over her legs. They halted when they reached her thighs. 
She felt shivers all over her body. Her hands were on his shirt. She fisted his shirt. 
“I didn’t try to seduce you.” She mumbled. 
His right hand left her leg. He placed his thumb on her cheek and his other fingers behind her ear. They began to play with her ear. 
She felt ticklish in her ear. She was unaware that she could experience something like this in 
her ear. 
He drew her close to him and whispered something in her ear. 
“But your moan did.” 
She froze the moment his lips touched her earlobe. 
He started by nibbling on it, and then he bit it very softly. She felt her body start to feel something inside. 
She could not believe how much pleasure he was bringing her by simply doing something to her ear. She was speechless. 
His lips proceeded slowly down to her neck, then moved to her collarbone. 
She felt pain at the same time as pleasure when he sucked there. It was a painful pleasure. 
She could not stop herself and moaned in the car. 
He was the one who messed her up. 
He took a hold of her hair and drew her attention to himself. 
She gazed into his eyes and perceived something there that she was unable to decipher. 
He brought his lips close to hers and kissed her. She closed her eyes and let him kiss her. 
He sucked her lips hungrily as if he had been missing it for a long time. 
The sensation of his lips still pressing on hers gave her chills, and the kiss itself was bringing her pleasure. He kept his hands on her body. 
She was no longer able to hold herself back. She gave in by encircling his neck with her hand and kissing him in return. 
He pushed his tongue inside, and their tongues played together. 
She moaned in the kiss when his hands caressed her bare thighs; it made her feel a tingling sensation between her legs. 
When she felt like she was going to pass out, he released her. She exerted her best effort to inhale deeply. 
He wrapped his arms around her and began to gently stroke her hair. She closed her eyes while hugging him. 
“You are tired by just a kiss?” She heard him. 
She was feeling too shy to look at him. So she did not reply to anything. 
After a while, Ryan heard soft snoring coming from her. He looked at her face. She ended up falling asleep. 
Last night, she only managed to get about four hours of sleep. Then she had to go to school. So he let her rest in his arms. 
He rested his back against his seat while hugging her and muttered, 
“I will make you mine by not having your body but your soul. It all depends on what kind of 
person you want me to be. 
A hero or a villain.” 
4
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100
When Allison opened her eyes, she found that she was still being held by Ryan. 
She shifted back and looked at him. He was staring at her. 
“Did you sleep well?” He asked with a soft tone. 
“Hmm.” 
She rubbed her eyes and hummed softly to him in reply before yawning. 
He could not help but chuckle at her adorableness. 
He peeked at her lips. 
The instant her lips met his, the drowsiness that had been in her eyes vanished. As if she were a little girl, he gently stroked her head. 
“You are free to go back to sleep. I will drive you back to your house.” 
She made an effort to get off his lap, but he gripped her waist with one hand while starting 
the car with the other. 
“Sleep on my arms.” 
“But how will you drive?” 
“I can.” 
He drove the car out of the parking lot with one hand on the steering wheel while he used 
the other hand to hold her. 
“No.” She spoke in a mumbling way. 
He 
gave her a fleeting look. “Stop trying to be so adorable. I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to restrain myself.” He muttered. 
“W–What?” 
“Nothing, baby. Sleep.” He then leaned down and gave her a kiss on the head.. 
She was like an obedient baby, she listened to him and tried to sleep. 
But she was unable to return to her previous state of slumber. She took a quick look out the window that was next to them. 
The way he was treating her, she felt she was the luckiest person in the world. 
While he was concentrating on the road, she gave his chest a gentle kiss. 
She pondered, What if the road never came to an end, and they were forced to remain in that position forever? 
She had the desire to spend the rest of her life with him. 
In only two short days, he made her feel like a princess. 
She could hear the ringing of her phone in her backpack. 
That time, she realized that it was night, despite the fact that she had spent the entire day away from home. They might have been concerned about her. 
“It must be my parents.” She spoke out. 
“Tell them you were with Teresa.” 
“But she doesn’t know that I am still outside.” 
“I called Max and told him to let Teresa know about it.” 
“You sound like a master planner.” 
“That’s what I am.” 
She chuckled and glanced at her bag. She wanted to receive the call. But she could not move at this moment. Ryan was driving, and she was hugging her like a baby. If she tried to move, anything could happen. 
When the car reached close to her house, she said, 
“Stop the car here. I can go from here.” 
He did what she told him. He knew her dad would scold her if he saw her with him. 
He wrapped both of his hands around her and hugged her. 
“I don’t want you to leave.” 
“I have to leave.” 
He slowly released her, and she moved to her seat. 
She fixed her clothes and hair then turned to him. 
“Bye.” 
He grinned at her and nodded. 
“I will be here until you reach the door. Don’t worry.” 
“Okay.” 
She got out of the car and felt fresh air touching her face. She turned the other way. There was a bright smile on her face. 
She felt everything around her was new and fresh. She could feel the wind, and the sweet smell enveloped the air. 
It felt like love was in the air. 
When she got to the front door of her home, she rang the doorbell. 
Her mother rushed to the door to open it and embraced her daughter in a tight bear hug. 
“We were so worried for you.” Her mother said to her. 
She hugged back. “Mom, I was in Teresa’s house.” 
“I know, I called her when you were not receiving my calls. She said you were sleeping.” 
“Yeah, I was feeling so sleepy. I am sorry that I made you worried.” 
“No, my child. You are fine, that’s okay for us.” 
When Allison entered the house, she found that her father was seated on the couch. 
He looked at her and shook his head. 
“How can you be so irresponsible? Your mother would have passed away from anxiety.” 
“I am so sorry, Dad.” She said with an upset tone. 
“It’s okay. Go and freshen up. We will have dinner together.” 
Allison was full after having meals with Ryan. 
But she could not deny her father, so she simply nodded and went to her bedroom. 
She placed her phone on the bed. Her phone’s light illuminated. 
She saw a text. The text was sent to her by Ryan. 
“All okay?” 
She smiled and typed, 
“Yeah, everything is okay. Are you still there?” 
“Yes.” 
“Go back to your home.” 
“I am starting the car.” 
“Don’t use your phone while driving.” 
She heard her mother shouting, 
“ALLISON, COME DOWN. DINNER IS READY.” 
She forgot that she had been using the phone for quite a few minutes. 
She saw that another text had popped up. 
“Okay, baby.” 
She bit her lower lip in an attempt to suppress her smile and placed her phone on the bed. 
She went to the bathroom to take a shower and change her clothes. 
Her eyes widened when she saw her lower neck and her collarbone. There were hickeys here 
and there. 
She was thankful that her dress was very decent and did not reveal much of her neck. That was why her parents did not see anything. Otherwise, today would be her funeral. 
She shyly glanced at the hickeys through the mirror and thought about the moments he did these things to her. 
She hid her face with her palms as she recalled those moments. 
After taking a shower and wearing warm clothes, she went out of the bathroom. 
She gave the mirror on the dressing table a quick peek in order to determine whether or not any of the hickeys were visible. 
“It’s good. Nothing is visible.” 
She went downstairs and headed to the dining table. 
Her parents were waiting for her at the table. 
She sat on her chair and her mother served the food. 
When they were eating, Allison saw that her father was quiet. He usually talked to her or her mother while eating. 
“Dad, are you okay? Your mood is off today.” Allison inquired. 
Her mother shook her head and said, 
“Something happened that made everyone in the pack house’s mood off.” 
She frowned after hearing her mother and asked her father, 
“Dad, what happened?” 
Her father replied with a worried tone, 
“The Red Moon pack got attacked by the Black Moon pack. 
Last night, their Alpha killed Alpha Axel and demolished the whole pack.” 
GET
###Chapter 101
Chapter 101
Weeks passed in the blink of an eye. 
Allison and Ryan were beginning to get closer to one another. Their relationship was flourishing to the point where it was growing stronger by the day. 
Allison was so delighted that she had never been happier before. 
Ryan was proving his love to her daily. 
Every single day, he made her feel special. He demonstrated his affection for her in many different ways. 
These days, they spend the majority of their time together; whether they were at school or anywhere else, he was always at her side. 
He always told her that he would never feel bored of her. He was addicted to her, and there was no way he would ever want to give her up.. 
It was a bright and beautiful day. 
Outside of the school, everyone was yelling and cheering. 
Some of them were enjoying the sunbath while sitting on the terrace, and others were doing the same thing while sitting on the sports ground. 
Teresa and Allison were having a conversation. She learned a great deal of fresh information from her. 
She went to a variety of locations outside of the pack that Max led her to, and then she shared those with Allison. 
“I think he is madly in love with me.” While Teresa was speaking to Allison, her eyes were drawn to Max, who was having a conversation with Owen on the opposite side of them. 
A chuckle came out of Allison’s mouth. “Of course, that is the case. There is no room for question.” 
“Ask me why I just said that.” T 
“Why did you say that, Tess?” 
“Because he told me to be a strong woman. I don’t know what is on his mind. He wants to make me a powerful woman. He said I will be his lady boss.” Teresa replied and turned her head toward her. 
“You are already strong.” 
“Exactly. Wait a minute, did he mock me by saying that I am not powerful?” Teresa made a face, her brows knitting together in a suspicious manner, and she turned to scowl at Max. 
Allison rubbed her shoulder. “Stop overthinking. He marked you as his mate. Now, he wants you to become a strong woman so that you can defend yourself against any threat that may come your way. He has a lot of love for you. 
The gloomy expression on Teresa’s face lifted, and she broke out in a broad grin. 
“Yes, you are right.” 
Allison shook her head at her best friend’s changing moods. 
“By the way, where is Ryan?” 
“Maybe he is attending any classes.” 
“When did he become so attentive to his studies?” 
“The moment he became my boyfriend.” 
“Honey, you turned the playboy into a nerd.” 
Both of them laughed together. 
“Did you just say something? 
They heard Ryan’s voice from behind. They turned their heads and saw him standing behind them. 
“No way. I was just telling her that you are a… jerk.” After saying that, Teresa dashed off in the direction of Max while giggling. 
“This girl!” Ryan muttered while glaring at Teresa. 
Allison laughed hard as she grabbed her stomach. 
Recently, Teresa started to tease Ryan. She said Max warned her not to do it, so that was why she was doing it more. 
Ryan’s eyes 
shifted to Allison. She was sitting on the bench beside the basketball coach. 
He walked around the bench and sat beside Allison. 
She bit her lip to stop laughing. “My stomach is hurting. You two are so funny.” 
Ryan pulled her by the wrist. Her body got closer to his. She felt his hand remove her hand from her stomach. He then rubbed her stomach with his palm. 
“Don’t laugh then. I don’t want my baby to feel hurt.” 
Her jaw dropped at his actions. He chuckled and rubbed more. 
“Hey, stop teasing me.” She pushed his hand away. 
“See how it feels? You enjoyed her actions, that is why I am letting her go every time.” 
“Ryan, don’t get mad. I know you are not a jerk.” 
“Really? Then what am I in your eyes?” While he spoke, he got his face quite near to hers. 
They were the focus of the gaze of others. She cast a quick glance in their direction before pressing her hand into his chest. 
Though everyone now knew that they were in a relationship, she still felt shy. 
“You are a good person.“/She then responded before interlocking her arm with his. 
“Okay.” He said and n?dded his head. 
She leaned her head against his shoulder and rested there. Her eyes fell on Wade. He was 
staring at her. 
She immediately avoided his gaze. He was Ethan’s best friend. 
After what had happened with the Red Moon pack, Ethan did not come to school for days. He was quite active in his training. On the battlefield, he was working diligently to develop pack 
warriors. 
She breathed a sigh of relief when she realized she would not have to confront him. The way he warned her that day when she broke up with him, she was really scared. 
“How is everyone in your house?” Allison asked Ryan. 
She was curious as to whether or not things were going smoothly between him and his family. 
“Everyone is doing fine.” 
She tilted her head to look at him. “Really?” 
“Yeah. What would happen to the powerful family?” 
“Ryan” 
“What?” 
“Why don’t you just forget all the arguments and start talking nicely with them?” 
“That’s not what I want to do. And I don’t do anything that I don’t want to do.” 
“Stop being stubborn.” 
He did not reply to her. He looked away. 
She wondered from time to time what could have caused him to be so hostile toward his parents. It was not because he returned from traveling overseas and suddenly began acting in such a manner. 
There must be a connection to your younger years. 
She had a strong desire to inquire about it, but she never had the courage to do so. 
What if he would mind her words? 
She did not want to lose him. 
She rubbed his hand with her palm and said, 
“Tomorrow is Dad’s birthday. So Mom and I arranged a party at home tonight. Your family will come, for sure. I want you to come too.” 
He looked at her. “Will you be able to say that to your father?” 
“What?” 
“That you invited me to attend his birthday party?” 
She was taken aback. Her father strictly warned her to stay away from Ryan. He did not even know she was in a relationship with him. So it would be difficult for her. 
But she took a deep breath and smiled at him. 
“I will. You are my guest tonight.” 
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102
Ryan stared at her for some time. Then, with a blink of an eye, he pecked at her lips. 
“Then I have to come.” 
” 
She blushed and lowered her head. This man always did that. He kissed her to surprise her. He did not care about where they were, if he wanted to kiss, he would do that. 
In addition to that, he never made an effort to carry anything else out. It gave the impression that he truly loved her. 
In the afternoon, Allison headed back to her house. 
Her mother told her not to say anything about the party to her father. It would be a surprise for him. She assured her that she would not let out any word about it. 
Beta Glen did not know about the party, and he was not the type of man who placed a lot of importance on celebrating his birthday. As a result, he forgot about it. 
Allison went back to her room after supper and changed into a stunning outfit in a dark blue color. 
She heard a doorbell. She thought it was Ryan. Therefore, she hastened downstairs in order to be the first one to open the door. 
When she opened the door, her bright face turned pale. 
Ethan was standing outside the door. 
They met after a few weeks. 
He seemed to be in a bad mood. His gaze shifted from her face to the clothing she was wearing. She averted her gaze from him and made room for him to enter the home by stepping aside. “You don’t look happy to see me.” Her ears picked up on his voice, but she did not respond to him in any way. 
She could not forget how he behaved towards her that day. 
“Who has come, Allison?” 
She heard her father’s voice from behind. She turned around and said, 
“Ethan, Dad.” 
Her father looked at her dress and then at Ethan. 
“Are you going somewhere with him at this time?” 
She gave a slight shake in response. Ethan greeted him with a hug once he entered the house. 
“I came to celebrate your birthday, Uncle.” 
Beta Glen was stunned at first by hearing his words, but then returned the hug. 
He chuckled while looking at her daughter. 
“You and your mother did that?” He asked. 
“Well, Dad, you always did that to us. So we thought, why not?” Allison replied with a smile. 
At that time, Joey came to the living room. She was in the garden area all the time to set everything up. 
“Ethan, my boy.” She said when she spotted Ethan. 
Ethan went over to her cheerfully and gave her a hug. 
“How are you, Aunt?” 
“I am fine. Where are your parents?” 
“They are on the way. It looks like I came early.” 
“No, no. You came at the perfect time. Otherwise, how would we get to see the surprising face of this birthday boy?” Joey teased Beta Glen, and Ethan laughed. 
Allison smiled at them. She thought if Ryan could get along with her father like this, it would be better for their future. 2 
“Glen, go to our room and change into the suit I bought for you. Alpha and Luna will come at any moment.” Joey said to her husband. 
Beta Glen could not deny his wife and went to change his clothes. 
Joey looked at Ethan and Allison. After the day when Allison cried, she had never seen Ethan come to their house or Allison go to the pack house. 
She cleared her throat and said, 
“You two. Please go to the garden to check if everything is okay or not. I am going to check the food.” 
Before Allison could refuse, Joey headed to the kitchen. 
Ethan cast his gaze over Allison, then gestured his hand in the direction of the garden. 
“Let’s go.” 
She stepped towards the garden, leaving him behind. He followed her. 
When she reached the garden, she was amazed. There was a table where many things were arranged for cutting the cake. 
She looked at the trees. A couple of light bulbs were wrapped around some branches to complete the amazing effect. 
“Mom really organized it so beautifully.” 
“Indeed.” Ethan let out as he looked around the garden, 
She walked around the garden area, totally avoiding Ethan. 
“Are you angry with me?” He inquired as his eyes fixed on her movements. 
T Pues 3 
She heard him. She rolled did not talk to him. 
When Ethan did not get any response from her, he spoke out again, 
y 
“Even if you are angry, I can’t do anything about it.” 
She tightened her fists and turned to him. 
“Can you shut up?” 
“Excuse me? Now will you talk to me like this?” 
“Yes, I will talk to you like this. You should shut your mouth. I am not interested in talking to you. Not after how you behaved with me that day.” 
He was taken aback by her outburst. He let out a sigh and tried to talk to her calmly. 
“Listen, Allison. I am already under a lot of workload.” 
“So how can I help you with it?” 
“You can listen to me.” 
“No, I don’t want to.” 
“Please?” 
She frowned at him. “What?” 
“He is not good for you.” 
She scoffed at him. “And you are good for me?” 
“Of course. Is this even a question? He is just good for nothing.” 
She warned him as she pointed her finger in his direction and said, “Don’t talk about him like that again. He is my boyfriend.” 
She was not afraid of him anymore. She loved Ryan and it would be better for Ethan if he accepted it as early as he could. 
Her statement made her furious. She was able to see the rage in his eyes. She was about to step back, as it had reminded her about that day. 
But he grabbed her hand and pulled her to him. 
Her body collided with him. Her eyes widened. 
“Don’t make me angrier. You are already roaming around with him enough.” 
“Leave me. 
“No.” 
“I will shout.” 
“I bet your parents would love to see our romance.” 
She glared at him and was about to push him, but before that, she heard his mother’s voice, 
“Ryan? When did you come?” 
Allison slowly turned her head to the gate of the garden, which was a little far from where they were standing. 
Ryan was standing there, staring at them in silence. 
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103
“Ry–Ryan?” 
Allison mumbled as her eyes fixed on him. His eyes were dark as he was looking at Ethan’s hands, which were wrapped around her body. 
Allison pushed Ethan hard without wasting any seconds and turned in the direction of Ryan. 
At that time, Joey entered the garden, passing Ryan. 
“Ryan, when did you come, my son?” 
“Just now, Aunt. Your main door was opened and the lighting was visible from here, so I came this way directly.” He said without looking at Joey. 
He was staring at Allison. 
Allison gulped when she understood that Ryan was furious. 
Her eyes moved from his face to his hand. He was holding a beautiful bouquet of red roses. 
“You did the right thing. The party will be here. I am happy that you have come.” Joey said and rubbed his shoulder. 
After removing his gaze from Allison, Ryan switched his attention to Joey. He handed the bouquet to her without a word. 
“How sweet of you! such a beautiful bouquet.” As Joey said, she took a whiff of the roses. Ryan. was greeted with a grin, and she indicated to him with a nod that the roses had an appealing fragrance. 
She turned to glance at Allison before saying, “Allison, take him on a tour of the garden. I am coming back.” 
Allison nodded her head. When Joey left the garden, Allison slowly approached Ryan. 
Ethan was watching everything silently while leaning against a tree. 
“Ryan” 
Allison tried to hold his hand, but he snatched his hand. He shifted his focus to the opposite side and began to make his way through the garden. 
It was a big garden. Allison believed that their garden was bigger than the one the pack house. had. It was because her father loved gardening, he even liked to walk in the garden at night before sleeping. 
But Allison did not have any attachments to this garden. It was always a safe place for her parents. 
Allison followed close behind Ryan as he walked. He tucked his hands into his pockets and proceeded to walk forward without stopping. 
She quickened her pace to catch him. She grabbed his arm. 
“Ryan, listen to me.” 
He stopped and turned his head to face her. 
“What?” 
“There was nothing that you were thinking.” 
“What did I think?” He asked. His tone was mocking and ironic. She knew he was angry. He had the right to get angry at her. 
“Ryan, I was not with him. He was the one who pulled me.” 
He looked indifferent. She lowered her head. 
“I am sorry that I took time to push him. I was telling him to leave me. But his grip was very tight.” 
She slowly looked at him. He broke free of her hand from his arm and sprinted over to Ethan “What? Ryan, No.” 
Allison quickly made her way to Ryan in an attempt to stop him, but it was already too late. Ryan had already gone to Ethan and grabbed his collar. 
“Ryan, please leave him.” Allison came to them and immediately took hold of Ryan’s hand. She was taken aback by Ryan’s abrupt outburst of anger. Her eyes widened. She was afraid that they would fight like last time in the classroom. 
“How dare you touch her?” Ryan muttered under his breath as he glared at Ethan. Ethan reached out and grabbed Ryan’s hands as they were holding onto his collar. 
“First tell me, How dare you brainwash her? You turned her into a different person.” 
“Please, both of you, leave each other.” Allison said while trying to push them away from each other. But she failed to do anything. 
“I don’t care. Keep your distance from my girlfriend.” Ryan gave Ethan a warning. 
“In the beginning, she was my girlfriend. But because of you, she broke up with me.” Ethan responded while maintaining an equally intense glare at Ryan. 
“You-” 
The conversation between both of the brothers was cut off by a loud voice, 
“WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE?” 
Allison turned her head and saw her father standing behind them. Next to him was her mother, with Alpha Neil and Luna Ella. 
The 
person who had just spoken out was her father. 
Both Ryan and Ethan turned their heads to gaze at Beta Glen. Ethan was the first person to leave Ryan’s hands. It was looking like Ethan was only defending himself and Ryan was the one who was attacking him. 
Beta Glen frowned at Ryan. “Why are you not leaving him?” 
Ryan released Ethan’s collar and stepped back. 
“What in the world is going on?” Alpha Neil asked Ethan. 
“Nothing, Dad. We just had an argument.” Ethan replied. 
“I can’t believe that you came here to fight with your family. Why are you doing this?” Beta Glen asked Ryan in anger. 
Ryan gazed at him without any fear. In fact, he looked annoyed. He gave him an eye roll in fesponse. 
It took Beta Glen aback. He got angrier. 
“Why were you fighting with Ethan? Not only is he your brother, but he is also going to be your Alpha in the future.” 
“Beta Glen, first of all, I did not come here to argue with anyone. I came here to wish you. Why are you talking about nonsense?” Ryan asked. 
Alpha Neil let out a growl. “How dare you talk to my friend in that manner? I will teach lesson tonight.” He roared and rushed to Ryan. His eyes turned red in anger. 
Ryan became enraged after hearing his statement. His eyes turned darker as he got more infuriated. 
“Let’s see what you can do to me.” Ryan said and stepped towards Alpha Neil. 
“Ryan, don’t.” 
Allison said and came between the father and son. 
Everyone’s eyes shifted to Allison, who was hugging Ryan in front of them. 
you a 
“Allison, what are you doing in that place? Getting away from Alpha’s side.” The command came from Beta Glen. 
“No.” She shook her head. 
“Why?” 
“Because I don’t want any fights here. I was the one who invited him to your birthday, Dad. Please stop all of this.“. 
Beta Glen glared at her. For the first time, she saw anger in her father’s eyes for her. 
She was too scared to say anything. But she still tried and mumbled, 
“He is my friend, Dad. So I invited him. Please tell Alpha Neil not to do anything to him. I am begging you, please.” 
She was frightened that Alpha/Neil would shift and hurt Ryan in anger. She did not want him to get hurt in any way. 
Ryan’s gloomy eyes, which had been scowling at his father, slowly moved on her. 
He unwrapped her hands from his body and moved back. 
He looked at Beta Glen and said, 
“I came to wish you well, but it seems like I ruined your party.” 
He turned around and headed to the gate. 
“Ryan” 
His mother called him from behind but he did not stop. Allison’s eyes turned glossy as she stared at his back. 
He left the garden, but before that, he said, “Happy Birthday in advance, Beta Glen.” 
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104
“Allison, you should stay away from him. Why did you refer to him as your friend earlier? He is a bad influencer.” 
She heard Alpha Neil’s voice. She wiped the corners of her eyes and turned to him. 
“Alpha, he is not a bad person.” 
“He is not a bad person? Did you fail to see how he was fighting with Ethan? He did not regard his own father with any kind of respect either.” Alpha Neil’s angry voice echoed throughout the whole garden once again. 
“Neil, please calm down. She is right.” Luna Ella said to her husband. 
“You are constantly making an effort to cover up your son’s faults. You are more concerned about your son than about your husband.” Luna Ella heaved a sigh as she realized that she was powerless to control Alpha Neil no matter how much she tried. 
Allison shot an angry glare at Ethan, who was watching everything that was going on but did not come to put a stop to anything. 
Previously, he was a person who was always trying to connect things in the family, but now, because he did not like Ryan any longer, he did not come to solve any problems that were occurring. 
‘Everything is your fault.‘ Allison muttered in her head but did not let it out loud to create any 
scene. 
“Let’s put an end to this and get the party started.” Joey said as the clock struck 12 a.m. 
She was only trying to calm the situation down since she did not want to ruin her husband’s special night. 
Betw Glen, on the other hand, was not in the mood. 
All of them heard what Ethan was saying to Ryan. As soon as they entered the garden, they were able to hear his remarks. Ethan was claiming that he and Allison had a relationship in the past, but Ryan was the reason why Allison broke up with him. It hit his mind, and after that he became furious at Ryan more than before. 
“Dad, let’s cut the cake.” Allison said with a lower tone. She had no intention of spoiling her father’s birthday party or her father’s mood. She merely desired for Ryan to have a close relationship with her parents. 
As a result, she had completely forgotten that everyone here was a fan of Ethan. So they could not hear anything about him and only thought of Ryan as blameworthy. 
‘Who knows where he is? I should call him. But not before Dad cut the cake.‘ She thought as she removed the cake from its packaging and set it atop the shiny golden plate. 
When she asked her father about cutting the cake, he did not respond to her, which startled her. She thought he would at least answer her question. 
She could see he was very angry at her. She felt a deep–seated sense of dread about it. 
Her mother drew her father to the table and coerced him into taking the knife from the place setting. 
“Please. Don’t ruin your mood.” She requested him. 
“Uncle, for us, please calm down. We are here with you. We are your family, and we always want you to be in good health and have a long life. So for us, please cut the cake. Let’s enjoy your special day.” Ethan spoke to him while standing next to him and smiled. 
Allison witnessed the ease with which Ethan was able to alter her father’s disposition. She avoided looking at him and just stood there expressionless. 
After cutting the cake, his father left the table without saying a word. He proceeded to walk up to the set couch and sat down. 
Her mother took the cake, sliced it up into pieces, and put each one on a separate platter. After that, she distributed the platters to each person. 
With the exception of Luna Ella and Allison, everyone went to sit on the couch. 
“You supported Ryan a lot today, my dear.” Luna Ella said to Allison, who stood next to her. 
Allison turned to Luna Ella. She was still stuck in that situation. 
“You are right. He is not a bad person. But he is a stubborn boy. You were able to see his interactions with other people. It is impossible for him and his father to remain in the same location for longer than an hour.” 
“Luna, he is not to blame for what happened. It was Ethan’s fault.” She had the courage to say that. 
The focus of Luna Ella’s eyes moved to Ethan, who was having a conversation with others. “He loves his brother a lot. He never stops making efforts to keep him safe. However, Ryan never takes anyone else’s advice. To what extent are we able to communicate with him? Ethan also has anger issues like him. But he always kept himself calm in front of others and never showed it to them. It is entirely up to him whether or not he imitates Ryan’s behavior. However, he never does it. So maybe Ryan did something that hurt him, and that’s why he turned against him now.” 
Allison was taken aback by Luna Ella’s statements. She regarded her with suspicion as she gazed at her. 
‘Does she know about the relationship I had with Ethan? Did he tell his mom about it? Then why didn’t he tell her about the rejection? He should explain the sin he committed too.‘ She thought. 
Luna Ella gently rubbed the back of her head. “You are like a daughter to me. Ethan is a perfect boy. He has no flaws in any shape or form. He cares for you a lot. So it would be better if you forgot all your arguments with him and broke your anger for him.” 
While listening to Luna Ella, Alison kept her gaze fixed firmly on the ground in front of her. She did not provide a response to her. She saw her going to the couch to join the others. 
She took the opportunity and quietly made her way out of the garden. She hurried to her bedroom and locked the door as soon as she got there. 
She reached for her phone, which was resting on the bed, and dialed Ryan’s number. 
One ring… Two rings… Three rings… 
He was not picking up her call. She tried again and again. But Ryan did not receive one. 
She walked back and forth in the room. When he left her house, she should have followed after him immediately. 
However, if she had done that, her father would have been extremely furious with her. It was actually his birthday today. At that moment in time, she was unable to disobey him. 
She tried for the last time. This time, Ryan cut the call. She sat on the bed and stared at her phone. 
“Where are you, Ryan? 
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105
Allison returned to the garden. She sat down beside others. She noticed that her father was ignoring her. She felt upset about it. She felt like crying. 
Luna Ella accompanied her mother into the kitchen where she was preparing meals. They 
came to call everyone as soon as they had finished setting the table for dinner in the dining room since it was already late. 
“Let’s go, birthday boy.” Alpha Neil said and teased his best friend. 
Beta Glen laughed at the teasing. Allison felt relieved that something had improved her father’s mood. 
They sat at the dining table. Allison avoided everyone and kept eating. She had no interest in listening to anything at all. 
She had a plan in her head. So she was fervently hoping that the party would end as quickly as possible. 
“Allison, why don’t you come to the pack house now?” Alpha Neil asked. 
Allison was busy thinking about something that she could not hear Alpha Neil. 
“Allison” 
Her father called her name loudly. 
“Huh?” She hurriedly looked at her father. 
“Alpha is asking you something.” 
“Oh. Yes, Alpha?” She said and turned to Alpha Neil. 
“You look lost.” Alpha Neil said to her. 
“Accept my apology, Alpha.” 
“No, it’s okay. I was wondering why you stopped coming to the pack house.” 
“I am currently busy with my studies. But I will come to visit soon.” 
“Good girl.” 
She gave him a small smile before turning her focus back to the food on her plate 
After dinner, everyone sat on the couch. 
Allison couldn’t stop gazing at the time on the wall clock. Most of the time she unlocked her phone to see if Ryan sent any messages to her. 
“What exactly is wrong with you? Why do you keep looking at the time on your phone from time to time?” Ethan asked her. 
She paid no attention to him or his query and entirely ignored him. 
After waiting for half an hour, Alpha Neil and Luna Ella got to their feet. Ethan and Allison’s‘ parents also followed them. 
“We are leaving. Happy Birthday once again.” Alpha Neil said to Beta Glen. 
Beta Glen hugged Alpha Neil. Joey hugged Luna Ella and all of them headed outside. 
Allison stood outside the house as she waited for others to leave. 
When the guests left, she walked inside the house first. 
“Allison” 
Her mother called her from behind. She stopped and turned to her. She saw her father passing them and went directly to his bedroom. 
“Yes, Mom?” 
“Have a talk with your dad.” 
She reached for her mother’s hand and said, 
“Mom, Dad is angry now. Even if I wanted to talk to him, he would be angrier. Let him sleep tonight. I will talk to him tomorrow. I know after he wakes up, he will be in a fresh mood.” 
After pondering it for a while, her mother responded by nodding her head. “Okay, but don’t go outside tomorrow. Stay at home to stay beside your dad.” 
“Okay, Mom.” She said and hugged her mother. She patted her back. 
When she broke the hug, she said, 
“Mom, don’t wake me up early tomorrow.” 
“Okay.” 
Her mother went to the bedroom. Allison stared at the door when her mother closed it after entering the room. 
She hurried to her room on the second floor and immediately dialed Ryan’s number 
This time, his number was unreachable. She had no other option but to take some risks. 
She waited for an hour to let her patients fall asleep. 1 
She changed into normal clothes and rushed out of the house. 
“You can be there. I just hope you are there, Ryan.” She mumbled to herself. 
She ran to the woods and entered the forest. As she shifted into her wolf form, her eyes changed color to a deep ocean blue. 
Her snow–white wolf pounced to the ground and began to run forward. 
She turned her head to the left and the right to see whether there was anyone else besides her. Due to the fact that she was an Omega, she had to be very careful. 
She ran until she reached the location where Ryan had brought her and where she met him in her wolf form. 
All the time, she was praying to find him there. 
Her 
paws halted when she came close to the place. 
Indeed, it was his safe place. 
There he was, standing under the moonlight, in front of the lake. 
Her eyes were the color of the deepest ocean, and they followed his every motion from a distance. 
She did not let her wolf take over this time. She looked at Ryan carefully. 
He was buttoning off his shirt one by one. 
When she observed him staring intently at the lake, her eyes widened. 
She assumed that he would jump into the water. She did not know if he knew how to swim, they never talked about it. 
As she hurried towards him, her heartbeat pounded. 
By the time the incident took place tonight, she knew his mood was off. He could be very upset since he cut off her calls and switched off his phone. So anything could come to his mind too. She had already reached him by the time he finished undoing the last button on his shirt. She jumped on his body, and he was taken aback by it. 
His body fell to the ground as he wrapped his arms securely around her white fur. 
She looked at him angrily and growled at him. She was furious about why he was doing that. It almost gave her a heart attack when she thought about him going in the water. Because she herself did not know how to swim. If he drowned in the water, how would she save him? 
Ryan’s dark eyes met her ocean–blue eyes. He regarded her with a frown. She shot him an angry look to convey her displeasure. 
“Why are you here?” He asked. 
She was in wolf form, so she could not reply to him. But she knew that he did not know it was her. So she came here to calm him as an unknown friend. 
When he sat up, he moved her from his lap and placed her on the ground. Then he stood up. 
She thought he would say that he was leaving or something. Or he would say that he was not in the mood to talk to her today. 
However, she was shocked when he said, 
“From the beginning, I knew it was you, Allison. So stop pretending and shift right now.” 
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Allison stared at Ryan with a pair of shocked eyes. She could not believe what she had just 
heard. 
‘He knew that it was me?‘ She asked herself. 
When Ryan observed that she was dumbfounded by his words, he remarked, 
“I know you don’t want to shift like that in front of me.” 
He took off his shirt, which astounded her more. 
He got down on his knees and wrapped his shirt around her before getting back to his feet. 
He turned around and started to walk. “You can shift and put on my shirt. I will not see anything.” 
In a few seconds, Allison shifted back and wore his shirt. She was thankful for Ryan’s choice that he liked black. Because of this black color, her upper body did not scramble that much. About the length of the shirt, it stopped a few inches above her knees. 
However, she was still feeling shy due to the fact that she was wearing a shirt with nothing underneath it. She was fully naked inside. 
She cast a glance over at Ryan, who was moving somewhat slowly. 
She could not help but let out a loud gasp. 
As she looked at his exposed upper back, her eyes widened with surprise. 
There was a tattoo of a half moon on his upper back. It went so well with his fair skin, his back ended up looking like a work of art. Because the half moon was inked with black. 
“Ryan” 
She mumbled his name in a low tone. 
As if he heard his name, he turned around. As soon as her eyes landed on his bare chest, she immediately looked away. 
He walked to her and stood in front of her. She was sitting on the ground, but when he stopped before her, she stood up. 
She slowly looked up at him. She saw his eyes on her body. 
He looked at his shirt for a moment before moving his sight to her body. She inhaled deeply before attempting to tug the shirt down. 
She blushed when she heard him, 
“You look good in my shirt.” 
“T–Thank you.” She mumbled. 
He looked away from her and let out a deep breath. “Why are you here at this time?” He asked 
and sat down. 
She sat down next to him and kept her gaze on him the entire time. 
“I can’t tell you how many times I called you. Why didn’t you pick up when I called you?” She questioned. 
His eyes were fixed on the water of the lake. He muttered, 
“I am sorry. You invited me, and I ruined your father’s birthday party.” 
She shook her head and put her hand on his shoulder. 
“No. I should say sorry. I am so sorry, Ryan. You and Dad could have a good conversation. But it was all Ethan’s fault. He tried to talk to me, and you saw us. I can understand your anger. Please forgive me.” Her tone was soft and upset. 
She was very clear that she did not want there to be any misunderstanding between them. He was her boyfriend. Their relationship was made of love. So she wanted to stay in it forever. He turned his head at her. Her eyes were begging him to forgive her. 
He looked at her for what seemed like an eternity. She believed that he had not his anger. So she cupped his cheeks and explained, 
t yet go 
gotten over 
“I promise you. I will never talk to Ethan again. Alpha Neil was talking about going to the pack house. If you want, I won’t go to the pack house either. I will avoid Ethan at school too. But please, don’t be angry with me.” 
She felt his hands wrap around her waist. It caused a shiver to run through her whole body. 
“Okay.” He replied simply. 
Her distraught expression suddenly transformed into a cheery grin. She wrapped her hands around his neck and hugged him tightly. 
“I love you, Ryan.” 
Ryan’s hands froze on her waist. When he made the proposal to her, she did not reject it. But she never once revealed her feelings for him to him. It was the very first time that she admitted her love for him. 
He believed that having feelings for someone and loving someone were different. 
Love was a huge word for him. He knew she would fall for him. But when she confessed, his heart started to beat fast. 
He leaned his nose against her hair and took a deep breath. His hands pulled her closer to him and made her sit on his lap. 
Because of the pull, the shirt moved up, and her bare thighs came to be visible. 
The pull startled her, and she broke the hug. She shyly looked into his eyes. 
His eyes scrutinized her, which made her cheeks heat up. 
“What did you say?” He asked while lightly rubbing his hands over her shoulders and upper 
back 
“I–I love you.” 
He grabbed her chin and asked, 
“How much?” 
“Huh?” she looked at him. 
She realized that they were too close to each other. His bare chest was an inch apart from her body. Her legs were visible to him too. 
“I asked, how much do you love me?” 
“I don’t know. But I love you a lot.” She replied innocently. 
He removed his hand from under her chin and placed it behind her ear. He tilted her head and leaned towards her face. 
“I love you too, baby.” 
He sealed his words with a kiss. She felt like she was in heaven when he uttered those words to her, and then the pleasure he was providing her with the kiss, made her feel overwhelmed. She kissed him back and placed her hands around his neck once again. 
He kissed her passionately. 
They were kissing each other under the moonlight and in front of the beautiful lake. 
When he released her lips, she hugged him tightly. 
After a minute, she moved back. He did not stop her and let go of her waist. She sat near him and straightened the shirt. 
When she turned her head, the first thing that caught her attention was his well–built chest. He had abs and muscles that could tempt any woman in the world. 
Her eyes paused on his chest tattoo. 
Since the very first time she spotted it in the club, she wanted to ask about it from him, but she never got a chance. 
“Esto quod es.” 
She mumbled as her eyes fixed on his tattoo. She asked, 
“What does it mean, Ryan?” 
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
Ryan ran his finger over the tattoo while talking about how he had gotten it when he was eighteen years old. 
“I was your age, and I was very bold at that time. All of my teachers were afraid of me whenever I entered any class. They used to call me a troublemaker. I made some fearless friends who were exactly my type. That time, we thought of getting some tattoos. I chose this phrase since it fits me so perfectly.” 
Allison was fixated on his attractive face. There was a small smile on his face when he was talking about his memories. 
She could feel that he was cherishing his memories. 
He turned his head to her and replied, 
“Be What You Are.” 
“Huh?” Her question reflected her bewilderment. 
“The meaning of this tattoo is, Be who you are.” He explained it to her. 
“Oh.” She gave his tattoo another glance and studied it. She could not help but blush as she looked openly at his bare chest. 
“Your thoughts are really deep. I would never have guessed that the meaning of your tattoo could be something like that. I am completely floored.” 
“Then what did you think?” 
“I don’t know. But not this type of meaning. By the way, what about the moon tattoo?” 
He patted her head. “Baby, you have way too much curiosity. I promise that I will explain it to you at another time.” 
She shook her head. “No, please, right now. I want to know right now.” She pleaded with him like a little girl. 
He chuckled at her cute expression. “What about a kiss?” 
She pecked at his lips without even thinking twice. “I have done it. Now tell me.” 
He smirked at her. “Not bad, baby.” 
She realized what she had just done. She hit his chest. “Now, will you?” 
“It’s a reflection of one’s dark side and serves as a reminder to stay on the prohibited path.” 
Allison’s jaw dropped. Her eyes widened. 
“Who are you?” She mumbled while looking at him. 
He was taken aback by her sudden question. “What do you mean?” 
“Dark side and prohibited path. What are these? What are you talking about?” She asked with wide eyes. 
He came closer to her ears and whispered, 
“I am the devil himself.” 
She shrieked and then shoved him away from her. “Stop teasing me, Ryan.” 
He let out a hearty chuckle. He chuckled till he could no longer contain his laughter and shook. his head. 
When she heard him laughing, it made her smile. She felt that finally, something had 
lightened up his mood. 
He stopped laughing and looked at her. “Baby, you are so naive.” 
“If you think I am naive. Then I am.” 
He lay on the grass and pulled her to his chest. “Rest here.” 
She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes. She wrapped her hand around his torso. 
“Do you know how much I was afraid when you left the house? You even cut my call.” 
“Your father is a really arrogant man. I thought he would be nicer to me if I went to his birthday party. But he turned out to be a fanboy of his future Alpha.” 
She raised her head and gave him an angry look. 
“Don’t say bad things about my dad. He is not arrogant at all. It was all Ethan’s fault. And by the way, you talked rudely to my Dad. I am upset about that.” 
“Your father is so lucky that he is your father. Otherwise…” He paused and chuckled. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Nothing. Sometimes I felt that he would be intolerable to me in the future. You know I am a short– tempered person. Who knew when I would lose control over myself.” 
She sat up and argued with him. “Ryan, please. You always talk rudely to everyone. I always try to tell you not to do this. This is all enough. You have to respect all the elders. You will not talk to others rudely again.” 
“What are you saying, baby? How nicely do I talk to your father? Sometimes I talk rudely when he takes a stand for Ethan or Alpha Neil. But that is my lowest point. I can’t control myself anymore.” 
Allison gazed at him. He also did not break eye contact. 
After a few seconds, she looked away. “I should 
go 
now.” 
He grabbed her hand. “Are you angry?” 
“Yes, I am. And I am leaving, 
She was about to stand up, but she fell on him once again when he pulled her by the waist. 
He turned around with her. He was on top of her. She was stunned. 
He nuzzled his nose against her cheek. “I am sorry, okay? Don’t be angry with me.” 
“Then promise me, you will talk politely with everyone.” 
He came closer to her ears and whispered, 
“I am the devil himself.” 
She shrieked and then shoved him away from her. “Stop teasing me, Ryan.” 
He let out a hearty chuckle. He chuckled till he could no longer contain his laughter and shook 
his head. 
When she heard him laughing, it made her smile. She felt that finally, something had lightened up his mood. 
He stopped laughing and looked at her. “Baby, you are so naive.” 
“If you think I am naive. Then I am.” 
He lay on the grass and pulled her to his chest. “Rest here.” 
She rested her head on his chest and closed her eyes, she WP her hand around his torso. 
“Do you know how much I was afraid when you left the house? You even cut my call.” 
“Your father is a really arrogant man. I thought he would be nicer to me if I went to his birthday party. But he turned out to be a fanboy of his future Alpha.” 
She raised her head and gave him an angry look. 
“Don’t say bad things about my dad. He is not arrogant at all. It was all Ethan’s fault. And by the way, you talked rudely to my Dad. I am upset about that.” 
“Your father is so lucky that he is your father. Otherwise…” He paused and chuckled. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Nothing. Sometimes I felt that he would be intolerable to me in the future. You know I am a short– tempered person. Who knew when I would lose control over myself.” 
She sat up and argued with him. “Ryan, please. You always talk rudely to everyone. I always try to tell you not to do this. This is all enough. You have to respect all the elders. You will not talk to others rudely again.” 
“What are you saying, baby? How nicely do I talk to your father? Sometimes I talk rudely when he takes a stand for Ethan or Alpha Neil. But that is my lowest point. I can’t control myself anymore.” 
Allison gazed at him. He also did not break 
she looked a 
eye contact. 
go now.” 
After a few seconds, “I should 
He grabbed her hand. “Are you angry?” 
“Yes, I am. And I am leaving ” 
She was about to stand up, but she fell on him once again when he pulled her by the waist. 
He turned around with her. He was on top of her. She was stunned. 
He nuzzled his nose against her cheek. “I am sorry, okay? Don’t be angry with me.” 
“Then promise me, you will talk politely with everyone.” 
“With your father. Because your mother is my favorite, she is on the count.” 
“Not only them but also your parents and Ethan.” 
He moved his head and darted at her. “Are you crazy?‘ 
She cupped his cheeks and requested, 
“Please? Just for me?” 
He rolled his eyes and muttered, “Just for you. But if they poke me, I will not stop myself or let them mock me.” 
“We will see that later.” 
“As you wish, my darling.” 
She flushed and hugged him. He went back to lying on his back and letting her rest on his chest. 
She did not know when she fell asleep in his arms under the moonlight. 
When Allison opened her eyes, she was in her bedroom. She sat up on the bed and looked around. 
“When did I reach my room? Did I just have a dream?” She mumbled and looked at her clothes. When she realized that she was wearing Ryan’s shirt, a smile quickly spread across her face. The expression on her face changed suddenly to one of perplexity. 
“Did he bring me here? But when? Did anyone notice him? How did he get my house key?” 
She started to search for her phone and found it on the floor beside the bed. 
She snatched her phone up off the ground in a hurry and checked to see that the display on it was intact. 
When she saw everything was okay, she unlocked her phone. 
She saw a message pop up on her screen. 
“Don’t worry. Everything is fine. Your boyfriend is a Superman, baby. No one caught me at your home. You can relax and rest as much as you want.” 
She locked the screen and threw her phone on the bed. She lay down again and pounded her legs on the bed mattress. 
“How sweet and romantic!‘ 
She said it like a crazy fangirl. 
“He had a chance, but he did not do anything to me. He loves me truly!” She muttered to herself while burying her head in the pillow. 
She went to take a shower after a while. She did not forget to send “Thank you‘ to Ryan before that. 
After taking a shower, she then opened the closet door and proceeded to fold Ryan’s shirt. 
She had just finished folding his shirt to put it away when she noticed a black jacket hanging 
in the closet. 
She placed the shirt beside it and smelled the jacket. 
She had not returned his jacket to him yet. She still remembered how he wrapped the jacket around her body. He always behaved protectively around her. 
Her phone suddenly began to ring. She was so focused on getting to the phone that she failed to take in the caller’s identity. 
“Ryan?” 
“No, it’s me.” 
Allison heard Teresa’s voice and bit her tongue. 
“I am so sorry, I didn’t notice the caller’s name, Tess.” 
“Your sorry can’t help me.” 
Hearing her angry voice, Allison became worried. 
“What happened, Tess?” 
She heard Teresa take a deep breath and replied, 
“Max wants to shift abroad with me.” 
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
Allison was taken aback after hearing what Teresa said. 
“Where did this come from?” She asked. 
“EXACTLY.” 
“Okay, first calm down, Tess.” 
“Calm down? How can I calm down? You don’t even know what he has done.” 
Allison heaved a sigh. It was pretty obvious to her that Max had screwed up in some way. 
“What did he do again?” 
Allison heard the sounds of sobbing. “Tess, why are you crying? We will talk to Max. He will understand you. Don’t worry, okay?” 
“Allison, he told me that we will leave tomorrow. 
“HE WHAT?” 
Allison’s eyes widened. She could not believe her ears. Teresa was going to leave tomorrow? She would leave this pack? Her? 
“No no no. This can’t be happening.” 
“I begged him to change his decision. But suddenly he changed his behavior towards me, Allison. He is not that sweet Max anymore. He told me he has to leave, and if I want to be with him, I will have to move with him.” 
Allison was really perplexed as to why all of a sudden Max was behaving in that manner. What caused him to make such a snap choice? 
“Leaving a pack is not easy. You need to fill out a large amount of paperwork and everything else. How was he able to complete it so quickly?” 
“He assured me that he had everything under control, and that I shouldn’t be concerned. I think it was his dream to shift abroad. But he never told me this. I am not even prepared. How can he just tell me to leave all of you? He is not even giving me time to digest the fact. From tomorrow on, I won’t be able to spend time with you or my parents.” 
“What did your family say about this?” 
“Don’t talk about them. They are cold hearted people. They don’t care if I stay or leave.” 
“Why are you saying this? They love you a lot.” Allison said. 
“No, they love Max more now. I have no idea how he managed my parents. They agreed with him and told me that I should go where my mate wants to go. Because he is my life now.” 
Allison rubbed her forehead and walked back and forth in the room while talking. 
“Let’s meet, Tess.” 
“Let’s meet in the club tonight. Max will meet his friends. Ryan will be there too.” 
“Okay.” 
“I am going to hang up the phone now. I can’t keep up with everything anymore. I think I will kill Max in anger.” 
“Don’t talk nonsense. Everything will be fine. Since your parents permitted you and told you to leave, then you should go with Max.” Allison tried to convince her. 
After talking with Teresa for a while, Allison left her room. She felt like crying. How would she live without Teresa? She was her best friend. They got together every day, and Teresa was the only person who was there for her during both her good days and her terrible days. 
Allison felt that she would be all alone here. 
She had never dreamed about shifting abroad. She had never thought to leave the pack and her family for a day. So going out of this pack and starting to live a life that was separated from her parents, was not her wish. 
When she went downstairs, she noticed that her parents were sitting on the couch. They glanced at her when she walked up to them. 
“Good morning, Mom and Dad.” She greeted them and sat on another couch. 
“Did you have a good sleep?” Her mother asked. 
“Yes, Mom.” She replied. 
However, her father did not say anything. Allison took a deep breath and got to her feet. 
She went to her father and sat next to him. 
“Dad, happy birthday.” 
He did not look at her. His eyes were on the floor. 
She gave her mother a quick glance and saw that she was beaming at them both. She stepped up and said to the father and daughter to continue their conversation. 
“I am going to prepare lunch.” 
“Lunch?” Allison was stunned. She took one look at the clock and realized that she had overslept and that she had been so preoccupied with her conversation with Teresa that she had forgotten to check the time. 
“Yeah, my child. You sleepy bird told me last night not to disturb your sleep, so I did not go to wake you up. But you missed breakfast.” Her mother replied to her while walking to the 
kitchen. 
Allison shook her head and glanced at her father. She rested her head on his shoulder and said, “Dad, why are you angry with me? Did I do something wrong yesterday?” 
“You know that better than me.” He replied coldly. 
“Dad, believe me. Last night, it was Ethan’s fault. He did something that hurt Ryan and-” 
“Stop bringing up Ryan in every conversation.” 
She removed her head from his shoulder and looked at him. 
“Why, Dad?” 
“I don’t want to hear anything about him from you.” 
Allison frowned when she heard her father’s words. She was already upset with Teresa. Now her father was making her more upset with his words. 
“Dad, he is not a bad person. As you always say, he stayed away from his family, and he became like this. Soon he will also behave politely with others. I can promise you about it.” 
Her father turned his head to face her. “What did you say? You are under no obligation to take on the responsibility of molding him into a good person. So stop talking like that. I always warned you about him. But you never listened to me. It would appear that I will need to take some kind of action against you.” 
“W–What?” She 
She stuttered. She could not believe that her father disliked Ryan so much that he was talking rudely to her.. 
At that time, her father’s phone rang. It was Alpha Neil who had called him. 
He received the call. 
“Okay, Alpha, I am coming.” Her father said and hung the call. 
Her mother came out of the kitchen as soon as she heard her father talking with someone on the phone. 
“What happened? Where are you going, Glen?” Her mother asked her father. 
Allison stood up and waited for her father’s reply. 
Her father turned to her mother and replied while walking to the door, 
“I have to go to the pack house. Alpha Neil has something important to talk about.” 
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
Allison’s father left the house hurriedly. 
“What occurred to Alpha Neil that he called Dad on his birthday? Dad could not even take a break on this day.” 
“It’s okay. Something must be important otherwise Alpha Neil would have never asked him to go there.” 
“Yeah.” Allison nodded her head as she agreed with her. 
“Why are you looking upset?” Her mother asked her. 
“Mom, why does Dad hate Ryan so much?” 
Her mother was surprised by her question. 
“He doesn’t hate Ryan, my child. But he likes polite people more. You know Ryan’s behavior toward his family is not good. And he always talks bluntly with the elders. So overall, it’s not your father’s fault.” 
Allison was well aware of her mother’s affection for Ryan. But what she was saying was not wrong either. Ryan was a bold guy. He never thought before talking. He never gave a damn about the elders. 
However, she took a promise from him last night. He said he would talk to others politely. So she hoped that day by day, everything would be fine. 
“Come to have lunch. You didn’t eat anything.” Her mother pulled her to the table and made her sit on a chair. 
She hugged her mother’s waist and mumbled, 
“Mom, Teresa is leaving.” 
“What do you mean by leaving?” 
“Mom, she is moving to another place with her mate.” 
She felt her mother’s hand caressing her hair. “If it’s about her mate, she has to go with him. No one can leave their mate alone.” 
“But Mom, she doesn’t want to go.” 
“Why don’t her parents talk to her mate?” 
“He convinced them.” 
“I don’t know how Teresa’s mother agrees. But If it were my daughter, I would have never let you leave. I can’t live without my only child.” 
“I know, Mom.” 
Allison ate lunch following a conversation she had with her mother, which lasted for a while. 
It was evening time, Allison started to get ready to go to the club that Teresa had offered her 
to attend. 
She was wearing a black top and blue jeans. She wore black to match Ryan. She knew he was wearing something black. 
She told her mother that she was going to meet Teresa. When she opened the door, she saw 
her father. 
“Dad? Is everything okay in the pack house?” 
“Yeah, we were talking about Ethan’s coronation as the head Alpha. But where are. He asked her. He somehow looked calm, which made Allison feel better. 
“Dad, Teresa is leaving tomorrow. So I am going to meet her. It’s a farewell party.” 
“Where is Teresa going? 
you going? 
“Dad, Mom will tell you everything, I am getting late.” She replied and walked past him. 
He turned to her and said, “Come back home safely. Take my car.” 
“Okay, Dad.” 
The driver opened the door when he saw lier coming. She got in the car and headed to the location of the club. 
It was the same club where Teresa threw her birthday party. Tonight, Allison did not forget to take her ID card with her. Last time, she learned her lesson well. 
The car reached the club, and she got down hurriedly. 
She was about to open her purse to take out her ID card when someone patted her shoulder. She turned around and saw Ryan. 
“Ryan,” She mumbled. 
“I was waiting for you. Let’s go.” He grabbed her hand and headed to the gate of the club. 
As usual, the guards did not stop her from entering, nor did they ask for any ID card. They glanced at Ryan and let them in without checking 
When they entered the club, the first thing Allison did was search for Teresa. 
“There she is.” Ryan whispered in her ear while gesturing his head to one side. 
Allison turned and saw Teresa sitting on a couch with Max. Owen was also there, sitting with them. 
Allison headed to Teresa. Teresa looked at her and rushed to her. She pulled Allison into her embrace and began to cry. 
“I don’t want to go.” 
Allison patted her back while looking at Max. He was silently looking at the dance floor. 
“It’s okay. We will meet soon. You can come here once a month to meet me.” Allison said to 
her. 
Teresa shook her head like a child while sobbing. 
“Cut the crab. Let’s enjoy tonight. Tomorrow will be a new day for you, Teresa.” Ryan’s voice came from behind. 
Teresa broke the hug and looked at Ryan, who was standing behind Allison. 
“Tell your friend something. How dare he play with me like that?” Teresa complained to Ryan. 
Ryan went to sit next to Max and replied, 
“He has to go. I am one to say anything. It’s your decision to leave with him. He never forced you.” Ryan said simply. 
Teresa gave him a disapproving look. “Of course, I will do it with him. If you decide to leave, will Allison stay here?” 
“You are right. She has to leave with me.” Ryan said and nodded his head. 
“What? No way. I am not going to leave my family or this pack.” 
Ryan did not look impressed with her answer. So he asked, 
“So if I decide to leave. You won’t follow me like your best friend is doing right now?” 
“I meant to say that I don’t want to leave. And why would you leave? It’s your pack.” 
Teresa wiped her tears and raised her hand to stop them. 
“Guys, please calm down. It’s our farewell party. I don’t want you two to argue in baseless. matters. We are leaving you two. So relax.” 
Everyone sat on the couch and talked about when and where Teresa and Max would go. 
‘Somewhere far from this pack.” Max replied. 
“What is this answer? You won’t tell us where you are going?” Allison asked Max, then glanced at Teresa. 
She avoided her gaze as if she was avoiding the question too. When Ryan went somewhere with Owen, Allison stood up and said, 
“You two can talk. I am going to grab a drink.” 
She walked to the bar and was stunned when she saw Vernon. 
She realized that she met him here at Teresa’s party. 
“Hey.” 
Allison said and sat on a stool. 
“Hello, Sweetie.” Vernon replied and winked. 
“I am your friend’s girlfriend now. Do you know that?” 
“Of course, I do.” 
“Then why are you flirting with me?” She asked him with a chuckle. 
“Oh, come on, that’s really nothing. You are so stunning that it’s impossible for anyone to resist you, you know.” 
Allison could not help but giggle at the pick–up lines he used on her. 
“Well, something is burning.” He said with a singing tone. 
She grew muddled in her thinking. “Burning?” 
“Yeah, your boyfriend’s heart. See how he is glaring at me as if he will bury me alive.” 
Allison turned her head to see where Ryan was. He went back to sit on the couch with Teresa and Max. 
He indeed glared at Vernon. She turned her head back to Vernon. 
He smiled. Suddenly, something came to mind. He spoke while slightly leaning on the counter and remarked, 
“His birthday is coming.” 
Her expression brightened into a smile. It dawned on her that the next week would be his birthday. She was aware of his date of birth. 
“Thanks for reminding me.” 
Vernon acknowledged her with a nod. 
“On his birthday, I hope you will do something that will be remembered.” 
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
Days passed with Allison spending time with Ryan. 
Teresa left the pack with Max the next day of the farewell night. It broke Allison’s heart. She tried to contact Teresa but her phone was unreachable. 
She asked Ryan about Max. He said Max reached where he decided to go. However, after that Ryan told her that Max also did not contact him again. 
Allison began to feel tension about Teresa. Ryan every time assured her that she went with Max and she would be happy. 
Allison was pleased that Ryan could understand her so well. He always figured out ways to convince her. Her love for him was increasing in her heart every day. 
Allison was lying on the bed while thinking about how her relationship with Ryan developed. But he always motivated her to live her life fully. 
“Allison” 
She sat up when she heard her mother calling her from downstairs. 
She went to the door and opened it. She peeked outside and said loudly, 
“Yes, Mom?” 
“Come down. Your father wants to talk to us. He has something important to discuss.” 
“I am coming.” She replied and glanced at the bed. 
She walked to the bed and grabbed the box that was placed on the bed. 
It was a gift box. A watch was inside it. Yesterday she went to buy a present for Ryan alone. She did not know what to give him. Teresa was not there. So there was no one who could provide her with advice or recommendations. She was completely oblivious to the concept of gift- giving. Because Ryan had such a special place in her heart, it was challenging for her to select a gift for him. She used all of her savings to purchase a watch that was part of a new edition. She did not give a damn about the cost. The value of her love for him could never be measured. As a result, she had the intention of giving him the most incredible gift that he could put on. 
She proceeded to the closet and put it inside securely. Then she hurried out of the room and dashed to her parent’s room. 
Her mother was in the room. “Where is Dad?” She asked her. 
“He is in the garden. Go to him. I am coming with snacks.” 
“Okay, Mom.” She said happily and headed to the garden. She found her father seated in a chair. There was a white table with three chairs set up for them. 
Allison took a few steps in the direction of her father and then sat down in one of the seats. “Dad” 
It was evening time so all of the lights atop the lamp sticks in the garden were turned on. 
Her father looked at her and smiled, 
“What were you doing in your room?” 
“Nothing, Dad. I was just lying down on my bed.” She replied. She could not conceal her joy at the fact that her father had resumed normal conversation with her. 
“You should give some of your time to your parents. You always make yourself busy on the phone.” 
“No, Dad. Nothing is like that. From now on, I will spend more time with you and Mom.” 
Her father chuckled at her cuteness. At that time, her mother walked into the garden carrying a tray of snacks and cups of tea. 
She placed the tray on the table and said them, 
“Have some snacks.” 
Allison’s father grabbed a cup and Allison held one. She took a few sips of the tea and then let out a long breath. She felt the brisk breeze brush against her face. She understood that gardens were wonderful locations to visit in order to feel revitalized. 
Allison’s mother sat down with her. “Your father wants to talk to you about something.” 
She turned to her. “Yeah, you told me that.” She then turned her head to her father. 
“Dad, you have something important to say?” 
“Yeah. We are invited for tomorrow night. It’s Ryan’s birthday so Alpha arranged a party in the pack house.” 
Allison’s lightened mood glowed with satisfaction. “That’s really good.” 
She was overjoyed that she could wish him and meet him at midnight without any obstacles. If Alpha Neil did not plan any party, then she would have to wait until her parents went to sleep, and then she would have to go into the forest to meet him with the risk of getting caught. 
‘Alpha Neil is finally thinking about Ryan.” She mumbled. 
Her father frowned at her words. “He always cares for him. He is his father. But he never showed it to him. He never tries to hurt him whenever he talks rudely with him. He is the head Alpha, if he wants he can punish his son anytime but he always gives chances to Ryan to become a good man.” 
Allison realized that whatever her father was telling her was not wrong. If Alpha Neil wanted he could have punished Ryan for his impoliteness towards him. But he never did that. She knew parents could not abandon their children. That was why he always called him to come y back to the pack and stay in the pack house. 
But the distance between the father and son had grown to such an extent that it appeared to be almost impossible for them to get back together again. 
Sometimes Allison thought that she would try to get them back together. Then all of them would live happily ever after forever. 
“I have another thing to tell you.” Her father let out. 
“Yes, Dad?” she asked with a curious tone. She was feeling that today was the best day. His father did not say anything bad about Ryan and instead brought up the subject of attending his birthday celebration. 
“You are my daughter. I always want your best. Do you agree with that?” 
“Of course, Dad. I believe you blindly.” 
“Ethan is going to take over our pack and will become the head Alpha very soon.” 
Allison was confused about where Ethan’s topic came from. But she listened to her father carefully. 
However, her heartbeat started to run when his father continued speaking. 
“He needs a Luna who will be faithful and reliable. His parents decided on Luna a few years ago. Their choice was always you.” 
The 
cup that she was holding in her hand slipped out of her fingers. All the tea spread over the table when the cup fell on it. 
“Allison, are you okay?” Allison’s mother said right away, and she began to clean the tea with a tissue so that it would not roll into her daughter’s lap. 
Allison froze in her state. She frowned at her father and said, 
“But Dad, we don’t have that type of relationship. I don’t like him that way.” 
“Allison, we all know that you two like each other. There is a small argument between you two. It can happen to every couple and you two can solve it if you want, my child.” Her father stated back. 
She shook her head. “Dad, you are not understanding. We ca-” 
Her father interrupted her by saying, 
“Alpha Neil and I fixed your marriage with Ethan when Ethan saved you a few years ago. We did not tell you two because we want Ethan to take his responsibilities first.” 
Allison felt the ground slip from her feet. She shook her head and stood up. 
“I can’t marry him.” 
His father got to his feet in anger and declared, 
“You will marry Ethan whether you like it or not. It’s a royal decision. No one can decline it. Not even you.” 
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
The Night Of Ryan’s Birthday Party 
The entire pack house was decked out in party decorations for the celebration. The arrived 
guests. 
guests 
one by one in succession. Alpha Neil and Luna Ella were at the front door to greet 
The hostess had instructed the maids and staff to bring the guests drinks and soon as they arrived. 
Ryan was chatting with Owen as they sat at the bar. 
Owen expressed his disbelief to Ryan, saying, 
appetizers as 
“I can’t believe your father really arranged such a grand party for your birthday.” Owen said to Ryan. 
While he was drinking, Ryan snorted. I have no doubt that he is rummaging through anything in his head right now. It’s hard for me to accept that he is planning a celebration for me.” “Come on. He is doing all of this for you.” 
“Really?” He asked and glanced at his parents. “By the 
way, where is your baby?” Owen teased Ryan. 
“I don’t know what happened to her phone. She is not picking up my call from yesterday.” 
“I think she is planning something big for you.” 
“Will see.” Ryan muttered as his eyes went to the door where guests were entering. 
Beta Glen and his family had just entered the pack house. 
His eyes shifted to Allison. She was wearing a white dress that was designed with stonework. She looked like a princess. Her makeup today was very different from how she usually put it on. “At long last, your most important guest has arrived,” Owen whispered to him. 
Ryan placed his glass on the bar counter and stood up to go to them. As he moved closer and closer to Allison, his gaze remained unwavering 
Both Alpha Neil and Luna Ella engaged them in conversation. Allison greeted them with a bow. “Come inside. I was waiting for you all.” Alpha Neil said to Beta Glen with a smile on his face. They went aside and began to talk about something, but when they noticed Ryan approaching them, they stopped. 
“Come, Ryan.” Luna Ella said. 
Ryan walked in front of them and stood there. It did not appear as though Beta Glen was pleased to see him. While everything was going on, Ryan saw that Joey was unusually quiet today. Other times, she always talked to him, but today she was silent. 
“Happy Birthday in advance, Ryan.” Allison was the one who spoke out. 
Ryan looked at her and gave her a nod. “Thanks, ba- Allison.” He did not use the word “baby” in front of other people since he had good control of his tongue at the appropriate time. 
Alpha Neil patted his shoulder and asked, 
“Are you enjoying your party?” 
Ryan raised one eyebrow as he glanced at his father’s hand and then looked at him. 
“Something smells fishy, Alpha Neil. 
Luna Ella grabbed Ryan’s hand and said, 
“Ryan, he is your Dad. Stop calling him ‘Alpha Neil‘.” 
Ryan was going to add something else, but his eyes fell on Allison just as he was about to 
speak. She was standing there while lowering her head. 
Because he had promised her that he would speak kindly to his family, he did not want to let her down by breaking his pledge. 
So because of her, after so many years, he called him Dad. 
“Thanks, Dad. I am enjoying the party.” He responded while diverting his gaze. 
Luna Ella’s face suddenly lit up with a radiant grin. She embraced Ryand and kissed his hand as she held it. “That’s me with my son.” 
Alpha Neil turned silent after hearing Ryan call him Dad. 
At that time, Ethan entered the pack house and approached them. 
“You are late for your brother’s birthday party.” Luna Ella told him. 
He stood next to Alpha Neil and replied, 
“Sorry, Mom. I was stuck in some stuff. Wade was with me. I handed my work to him and came here. He will come after doing it.” 
“No worries.” Alpha Neil said to him. 
After conversing with each other, Alpha and Luna went to a couch to sit. Beta Glen and Joey followed them. 
Only Ryan, Ethan, and Allison were standing there. 
Allison’s expression of silence confused Ryan. throat and asked, 
She was avoiding his gaze. Ethan cleared his 
“How are you feeling, Ryan?” There was amazement in his voice. It grabbed Ryan’s attention. He turned to him. “About what?” 
Ethan looked stunned as if he did not expect the question. He glanced at Allison, who was looking somewhere else, then at Ryan. 
“Nothing. You must be very happy. After a long time, you are spending your birthday in this pack.” 
Ryan shrugged his shoulders. “Stop talking about emotional things. By the way, birthday present, big brother?” 
where is my 
Ethan gave him a sly grin before drawing closer to him. He whispered, “You will get my present soon.” 
Ryan rolled his eyes since he had no idea what present he was talking about. He did not have any interest either. He was just teasing him. 
“Ethan” 
Ethan turned around as he heard a voice shouting his name. He turned and saw that Wade had come to the party. He turned to Ryan and Allison and then said, 
“Excuse me.” 
After that, he made his way over to Wade. 
Ryan stepped toward Allison and stood beside her. 
“Why are you so quiet?” 
“Huh?” She looked at him and shook her head. “Nothing.” 
“What happened, baby?” 
“Ryan, don’t call me baby. Others will listen to you.” She said. Ryan scrutinized her face carefully. She had just talked without emotion. 
“Okay, don’t get mad at me.” 
She averted her gaze from him. 
“Where is my present?” 
Hearing that, she opened her purse and took out a small box wrapped in gift paper. 
“This is your present. I hope you will like it.” She said with a low tone. 
He glanced at the box before accepting it. 
“I was just kidding. You yourself are a present to me.” He retorted with a tone that was dripping with adoration. 
“I want to talk to you about something, Ryan.” She said without looking at him. 
“First, tell me why you weren’t picking up my calls. I almost decided to go to your house to see you. But when I heard you were going to get here, I decided to refrain from acting hastily and instead waited patiently.” 
“I want to talk about it, actually.” 
“Yeah, tell me.” 
“I want to te-” 
“Ryan” 
Allison could not tell him what she wanted to talk about. Because Luna Ella called him at that time. 
She turned to Luna Ella. She saw the witch Georgiana standing with both her and Ryan’s parents. 
“Mom is calling. Maybe the witch came to bless me.” Ryan muttered and held her hand. 
When he was dragging her towards them, she cast a quick glimpse at his hand. 
Ryan was greeted with a bright smile from Georgiana. 
“It’s been a while since we last met, Ryan Iversen. 
He nodded his head. “Did you come to bestow your blessings upon me?” 
“Who can bless you? You are the owner of your world.” 
Others thought that she was referring to his carefree way of living. After a little pause, Alpha Neil remarked with a chuckle, 
“Well said, Georgiana.” 
Ryan felt Allison give him a light pull on the wrist and then remove her other hand from his hold. He regarded her with a frown. 
Everyone had noticed that. Georgiana looked at Alllson with her pale green eyes. 
“Be careful, girl. I can see a desert coming into your life.” 
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
All of their attention was drawn to Georgiana. The statement that she made left them speechless. 
“What are you saying, Georgiana?” Joey asked with a worried tone. She knew Georgiana would not say anything foolish. She had seen something, for sure. 
“I am saying what I am seeing.” Georgiana replied. 
Ryan was looking at Georgiana. But she avoided his 
gaze. 
“How will she get through the hazard?” Beta Glen asked Georgiana. 
“That is something that will depend on her.” She replied while looking at Allison. 
Allison chose not to look at her. She was avoiding looking at everyone. She appeared to be lost. in her own thoughts and paid little attention to the talks going on around her. 
There was complete silence amongst all of them. When Ethan had joined them, he questioned, “Why are you all being so quiet?” 
Georgiana gave Ethan a sidelong glance. “How far along are you in your planning? I have. heard that you are going to be leading the pack very soon.” 
“Yeah.” 
“When?” 
“After my graduation.” Ethan replied. 
“Tell something about him, Georgiana.” Alpha Neil asked about Ethan. 
“He will be a strong Alpha. But there will be a time when he has to reciprocate.” 
“Reciprocate for what?” Luna Ella asked. 
“He knows about it. I don’t have to tell him.” Georgiana remarked as she kept her gaze fixed on Ethan. 
Ethan sent a glance in Allison’s direction and then nodded his head. He was aware of the situation Georgiana was describing. She was talking about the rejection. 
“What are you? A fortune teller?” Ryan’s voice came out as a mock. 
“Ryan!” Alpha Neil called his name in a scolding tone. 
“She has the power to see fortune.” Luna Ella said and glared at his son to shut his mouth. 
“Really? But she is only saying unfortunate things. Where is the fortune here?” Ryan did not stop by his parents and kept questioning. 
“I am sorry if I said something offensive. But I only said what I felt.” Georgiana explained politely. 
Others were shocked by Georgiana’s behavior toward him. 
Georgiana turned his head at Alpha Neil and asked, a 
“I would like to speak to your younger son.” 
“Sure. Don’t mind his words, Georgiana. My this son is a brat. Forgive his bad mouth and give him blessings to come back on the right path.” Alpha Neil said. 
Ryan looked bored. He started to walk, and Georgiana followed him behind. He came to a corner and glared at her. 
“What were you saying there? It looks like you have got some wings. Should I cut them, Georgiana?” When he was trying to warn her, his eyes revealed a playful delight. 
“Alp-” 
“Again?” 
“Ryan, I beg you not to take what I have said to heart. But I didn’t say anything wrong there. Everything was true. Ethan will be a strong Alpha.” 
“Wait a minute. Are you playing with me now just because I reject your daughter’s heart?” 
She shook her head immediately, “No, it’s not like that.” 
“Then why did you pull Ethan’s matter? Do you believe it will make a difference to me if he becomes the leader of this pack? Do you think I am envious of him?” 
“No way. How can it even be possible for you to be envious of him?” 
“I asked about the desert thing you told her.” 
Georgiana lowered her head. She was quiet as if she did not want to say anything about it. 
“Cat caught your tongue?” 
“She will have to face many things in her life.” 
“What danger can touch her when I am here with her?” 
She looked at him and stated, 
“Fate is unforeseen, Alpha. But you are more unpredictable than fate.” 
After hearing her statement, Ryan frowned at her. It was like she was giving him some hints that he could not grasp. 
She looked away from him and then gazed at something. He followed her gaze and shifted his eyes to Allison, who was standing with Ethan. He was telling her something. She was only listening to him, like a good listener. There was no sign of irritation on her face, nor was there any sign of excitement. 
He turned his attention back to Georgiana. She had a bright smile on her face. Ryan’s eyes flushed orange for a second, then went back to black. 
“What is wandering in your head, Georgiana?” He gritted his teeth. 
“All I want to do is thank you for saving my daughter’s life once again. If you had not gone to the coven to help her a few weeks ago, she would have died there.” 
Ryan looked away from her. “I told you once that you don’t have to thank me for her. It was my duty to save her.” 
“By saving her, you gave her another reason. She is out of control now. She has been crying every day about her new life. She says it became a curse to stay like this.” 
“She is Elora. The great witch, Georgiana’s daughter. How can she want to die?” His question 
was sarcastic. 
But Georgiana did not mind his words. Her smile never left her face. 
“Since you turned her into one of you, now I can see her fortune too. She will have all of her happiness. Her wish will come true.” 
“Oh, Really?” Ryan raised one eyebrow and asked. 
She nodded her head. “I can only pray for her as her mother. But the decision maker in her life is only you.” 
After talking with Georgiana for some time, Ryan made his way to the bar. Owen was sitting on a stool. 
“What is this?” Owen reached over and snatched the gift box that Ryan was holding, which Allison had given to him. 
“Don’t open it.” 
“Got it.” Owen replied as he understood that it was Allison’s present. 
“What was Georgiana saying?” 
“She was talking about Elora.” 
Owen nodded his head and sipped on his drink. The focus of Ryan’s gaze moved to Allison. She behaved strangely today. She acted as though she were just another guest there, and it was not her boyfriend’s birthday. 
He grabbed a glass from the counter and gulped the drink. 
“Ladies and Gentlemen, I just want to grab your attention for some time. It’s time to cut the birthday cake.” A boy announced it by the microphone. 
Ryan assumed he was one of the soon–to–be officials of Ethan. 
Everyone turned their attention to Ryan. His mother came to him and held his hand. 
“Let’s go, My son.” 
Ryan placed the glass on the counter and signaled Owen to go with him. He had no idea how time passed so fastly and came at midnight. 
His mother brought him to the center of the hall. A table with a large cake was brought in by 
two servants. 
As others began to congregate around the table, Ryan noticed that Allison and her parents had also joined the crowd. 
Alpha Neil handed the knife to Ryan and smiled at him. 
Ryan was taken aback by his smile. He was not used to his father’s that behavior. He grabbed the knife and cut the cake. 
Everyone cheered and wished for him. Alpha Neil had indeed arranged a grand party for him. 
“Happy Birthday, Ryan.” Luna Ella took a small bite and fed him. 
When Alpha Neil was about to feed him, Ryan did not eat it by his hand, instead, he took the piece in his own hand and thanked him. He did not show any emotion toward his father. 
He looked at Allison, who was looking at him. He was about to go to her with a slice of cake, but Alpha Neil’s voice echoed in the room. 
“I want to thank all of you for coming here to celebrate my younger son’s birthday. It’s an incredible day for me. But this is not the only thing I called you here for.” 
I 
Everyone stopped where they were, including Ryan. He placed the slice of cake on the table and paid attention to his father since he was talking. 
“On this beautiful night, I want to give you another reason to celebrate.” Alpha Neil paused and looked at Allison. 
“I want to announce that my Beta’s daughter, Allison Clark will be my daughter–in–law.” Everyone’s head turned to Allison. Meanwhile, Ryan raised his eyebrows. 
“People say right. Fathers always know their sons‘ hearts. I think he realized that you like her. “Owen murmured to Ryan while flashing a grin. 
“Come here, my child.” Alpha Neil remarked to Allison while extending his hand to her. 
Allison made her way slowly over to Alpha Neil and took his hand. 
As Owen believed that Alpha Neil would soon be calling Ryan, he reached out and patted Ryan on the shoulder. 
However, his hand paused when Alpha Neil turned his head toward Ethan. 
“Ethan, my son, come here.” 
Owen slowly turned his head towards Ryan, who was staring at Allison. 
Ethan walked to Alpha Neil and held his other hand. 
Alpha Neil placed Allison’s hand on Ethan’s hand and then made the following announcement. 
“Ethan is getting ready for the coronation, which will take place in a few months. 
So I am declaring Allison Clark as the soon–to–be Luna of this pack.” 
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
Ryan stared at Allison with a pair of calm eyes. He did not care about what his father had just announced. He waited to see Allison’s reaction. 
However, his father’s declaration was not able to do what Allison’s response did. The things that she did astonished him. 
She was being very quiet as she held Ethan’s hand. She did not appear to be denying it in any way. Her behavior communicated to him that she was content with whatever was taking place in the situation. 
Ryan’s fists tightened. 
Everyone was congratulating the future Alpha and Luna by clapping their hands and wished them the best of luck. 
Both Ethan and Allison’s parents appeared to be filled with joy, as though they had been looking forward to today for a very long time. 
Ryan began to clap his hands. 
Everyone’s head turned to him. He caught all the guests‘ attention. 
Wade looked at the guests and said, 
“The party is over. Thanks for coming. You all can leave now. There will be a family discussion. 
Guests were all stunned by the declaration of the future Beta of the pack. 
One by one everyone made their way out of the pack house. Ethan let Allison’s hand go and smirked at Ryan when his eyes met his. 
Allison walked to the main door of the pack house. Her mother inquired as to where she was going, and she responded that she was going to get some fresh air so that she could feel some fresh breath. 
Ryan’s eyes were fixed on her until she stepped out of the pack house. Owen did not leave. He was there with him. 
Only Allison’s parents, Alpha Neil, Luna Ella, Ethan, Wade, Ryan, and Owen stayed in the hall. When all the guests finally left the pack house, Ryan walked to Alpha Neil and said, 
“I thought it was my birthday party, but you gave your present to your lovely son. Not bad, Alpha Neil.” 
Alpha Neil gave him a thoughtful look and then remarked, “I thought we could celebrate both. 
“That’s the fact. You can’t take a breath for a second without thinking about your son Ethan.” “It’s not like that. He is the future Alpha.” 
“Alpha, Alpha, Alpha. Is rank very important to you? So what if he is going to be the head Alpha? This other son of yours is also an Alpha. Have you ever noticed him?” 
Ryan’s eyes were dark. His voice was emotionless. It caught both of his parents off guard. 
“Ryan, why are you saying this?” Luna Ella said to 
Ryan 
Ryan turned his head toward her. The sight of his fierce eyes caused her to retreat a little bit. She had never seen Ryan behave in such a rage before. 
“You called yourself a mother? You are only his mother, not mine. Have you ever asked me227 what I want?” 
Luna Ella’s eyes turned glossy after hearing her son’s words. 
stop talking like this to your mother.” Alpha Neil scolded him. 
He scoffed at him. “Sometimes I feel doubtful about him.” He remarked while pointing his head in the direction of Ethan. 
“Is he, by any chance, your real son?” 
Everyone’s eyes widened. Alpha Neil was shocked by his statement. He became so furious that he raised his hand to slap Ryan. 
Ryan grabbed his hand and shook his head. “Don’t you dare, Alpha Neil.” 
As Beta Glen watched Ryan’s behavior, he became increasingly enraged. Before he could go to Ryan, Ethan grabbed Ryan by the hand and pushed him. 
rime 
Ryan stepped back. Owen rushed to him. 
“Ryan” He said and held his hand. 
Ethan walked to Ryan and grabbed his neck tightly. 
“ETHAN, DON’T.” Luna Ella shouted. 
“Ethan, please don’t do anything.” Joey also said to Ethan. 
But Ethan’s hands just became more clenched. Owen did not make an effort to break free Ryan. He only glared at Ethan. 
Meanwhile, Ryan let Ethan grab his neck. He chuckled while smirking at him. 
His laugh was mocking Ethan. 
Ethan thought Ryan knew that he would never kill him, so he was taking advantage of that. 
So he released Ryan’s neck and said, 
“It will take me only a minute to shift and kill you. But you know I will never do that. 
Therefore, never dare to behave with my parents in that manner again.” 
Ryan twisted his neck left and right. The sounds of bones cracking reached everyone’s ears. 
Ryan shrugged his shoulders and said to Ethan, 
“Don’t be so arrogant about your wolf, Alpha Ethan.” 
He leaned close to him and whispered, 
“Because if I shift, no one here will be able to stay on their feet, you will have to bow to me, and I will destroy everything in front of your eyes.” 
Before Ethan could process what he was saying, he took a few steps back. 
He moved his eyes to Alpha Neil. 
“Goodbye, Alpha Neil. I am leaving your pack. I will never come back here as your son. 
“Ryan, please don’t leave.” Luna Ella rushed to him. But he lifted his hand to prevent her from approaching him. Her steps halted in the middle of the way. 
“You all are no one to me. Since I am the thorn in your eyes, I should leave. But…” 
He turned to gaze at Ethan and added, 
“I will always remember who did what. After all, I don’t like to owe anyone anything.” 
After saying this, he turned around and headed to the main door of the pack house with Owen. 
He heard his mother’s voice coming from behind him. 
“Tell him not to leave, Neil. I really don’t want him to go anywhere. After what seemed like an eternity, he finally returned. How can you let your son leave like that?” 
“You are still supporting your son? Have you forgotten who you are? Didn’t you see how he behaved with you? He said you are no longer his mother, but at the same time he forgot you are the Luna of this pack. I don’t care if he leaves. How dare he talk about Ethan like that?” 
Ryan left the pack house and looked around. Owen knew who he was looking for. 
Ryan started to walk but stopped when his eyes fell on a girl standing on the street. 
He reached her. She gasped when he grabbed her hand and drugged her into the woods. 
“Leave my hand, Ryan.” 
He stopped somewhere and turned to her. He released her hand and grabbed her arms then pulled her closer to him. 
“Tell me. Who is blackmailing you, Allison?” 
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
Allison removed Ryan’s hands from her arms and stepped backward. 
“No one.” 
“I won’t be able to take your excuses. I am not in the mood right now.” 
Allison shook her head. “I wanted to talk to you about it, but Luna Ella interrupted our conversation because of Georgiana, so I could not tell you about it.” 
Under the moonlight, Allison could see Ryan’s face. 
Meanwhile, Ryan was controlling himself. He wanted to hear her first. 
“What did you want to talk about?” 
“Regarding the announcement that Alpha Neil made.” 
He frowned at her. “Were you aware of this before tonight?” 
Allison was silent for some time, then nodded her head after looking away from him. 
He was taken aback by it. “Why on earth didn’t you tell me back then?” 
She inhaled deeply and then she closed her eyes to settle her nerves. “Ryan, I wanted to tell you at the party that we should break up.” 
Ryan felt someone was stabbing his heart. He gave her a hostile look. “Break up?” T 
She opened her eyes and lifted her head to face him. 
“Yeah. I thought about it a lot. I made the decision to go through with it last night.” 
“Last night? You Decided? How did you decide alone?” He gritted his teeth and asked. 
His blood was starting to boil. He had the feeling that his veins were about to burst at any moment, and blood would begin to flow through them. 
“I can’t be with you, Ryan. You can live your life as you want. I won’t stop you again.” “What rubbish are you talking about?” 
“Ryan, I think Ethan is the best choice for me.” a 
“Best choice?” 
“Yeah, he is a good man. My parents also like him. He has the ability to handle the whole pack including me. I will be happy with him.” 
Ryan felt his legs freeze on the ground. It was the same feeling that he felt many years ago when he had left the pack. He felt deja vu. 
He came back to his senses and shook his head. 
“You are lying to me, baby. I know you. You are not like that.” He stated. It sounded as though he was trying to persuade her not to lie by softening his tone. 
Allison turned around from him and replied, 
“No. I am not lying. I don’t need to lie. You have seen everything in the party. I am okay with being with Ethan. I came to the realization that my feelings for Ethan had never changed. It was always him who was in my heart. After all, no one can forget their first love.” 
She heard the sound of laughter. She felt him grab her arm and turned to him, 
“First love? Did he brainwash you again?” He said and got very near to her face. 
She inhaled deeply and quickly diverted her gaze from him. “N–No.” 
He cupped her face in his hands. “Why are you stuttering? You don’t have to be scared of anyone. Tell me why you are saying all of this?” 
“Ryan, everyone is happy for me to become Luna. Why can’t you just accept it?” 
Her repeated words made him enraged. He nodded his head and shouted at her. 
“Who is forcing you to behave like this? Who? Ethan? Or that bastard beta Glen?” “ETHAN” T 
Allison yelled at him. She could not stop herself and raised her hand. 
SLAP! 
She slapped him hard on his cheek. His face was turned to the other side by the slap. “How dare you talk about my father like that? Who gave you the audacity? You know what? My father is right. You don’t deserve anything. You can’t even talk well to your parents. How can I expect you to talk nicely to my father? And Ethan is much better than you. He always respected
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
my Dad. He did not engage in any conduct that could have incited hostility in my father toward him. He is better in every way than you. He is the future head Alpha of this pack for a 
reason.” 
Ryan’s eyes were on the ground. Her words struck a chord deep within his soul. He slowly turned his head toward her. 
“So Ethan is now better than me?” He asked as his eyes endeavored to decipher the expression on her face. But for the first time, he felt that this girl was unknown to him. 9 
“Yes. He is a strong Alpha. No woman can refuse him. He can give me a perfect life as a Luna, which you can’t give me. 
“I thought you were not the same as others. I thought you were different.” 
“You were wrong. I am just like any other normal girl. Thinking about the future is not a bad thing. I have no future with you. But with him, I can have respect and a high position.” 
Ryan closed his eyes and ran his finger through his hair. 
“I can give 
only two of us can live together. No one will find us. I will protect you with me.” 
only two of us he last chance, Allison. Come with me. I will take you somewhere else where 
Allison became quiet for a minute. She spoke out after clearing her throat. 2 
“You are talking about leaving the pack?” 
“Yeah. So let’s go together.” 
“Why would I want to go with you?” 
“I know you are just pretending. I will take you with me. I know you can’t live without me. You love me as much as I do. So let’s run away from here. Only you and I will start a new life. Maybe I won’t have the power Ethan has, but at least I can give you my love.” Ryan said and grabbed 
her wrist. 
He started to walk and came out of the woods. Allison snatched her hand out of his grip. 
“I won’t go with you.” 
Ryan’s legs stopped. He turned his head toward her. “This is your last chance to be with me. After this, I will never turn to you.” 
“We are over, Ryan. I won’t go anywhere with you. I love Ethan, and I will stay here with him. It will be better for you if you stay here with your family and accept the truth.” 
Allison made her way toward the direction of the pack house. Ryan stared at her back. She did not turn to him once. 
She left him all alone, just like his parents did a few years ago. 
Just like them, she abandoned him. 
She left him after breaking his heart, which she was the only one who could mend. 
A car stopped in front of Ryan. Vernon and Owen came out of the car. 
“Bro, are you okay?” Owen rushed to him. When he spotted Ryan taking Allison into the woods, he immediately dialed Vernon’s number and asked him to come over. 
Vernon cast a peek in the direction of the pack house and questioned aloud, 
“Why did she leave?” 
“She said she wanted Ethan, not me.” Ryan muttered as his gaze was still fixed on the pack house: 
“Let’s go to her and take her with us forcefully. There is nothing to think about.” Vernon said. Owen nodded his head in agreement. 
Ryan stopped them by signaling with his hand. 
“Let’s go back.” After saying that, he climbed into the car. He sat in the back seat and leaned his head back against the seat. 
His friends were in the front seats. They saw him closing his eyes. Vernon started the car and asked, 
“Ryan, please don’t get mad. Calm your rage. We are still in this area. If you want, you can bring her wi-” 
“No.” He replied simply. 
“Where are we going?” Owen asked him. 
“Leaving the pack.” 
“What about Allison?” 
Ryan was silent for some time. 
When he opened his eyes, they were orange. Flames were burning inside his eyes. 
“I have had enough. It’s time to get back to myself.” 
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
TWO YEARS LATER 
“Allison, are you planning on coming along with us?” Ciara, one of the two girls, asked who was accompanying Allison as she made her way to the entrance. 
“No. I can’t go with you. I have to go to the pack house. My father just sent me a message telling me to go there right away.” 
Three of them walked out of the school and came outside. 
Diva, another girl, chuckled when she looked at a car. “As usual, Alpha never stops caring about his Luna. He sent his private car for you.” 
Allison’s gaze moved to the gleaming white car. When the driver saw her standing outside, he looked at her and bowed immediately. 
“Bye, guys.” Allison told the girls. Then she walked to the car. 
“She is incredibly blessed. Alpha has a deep and abiding love for her.” 
“Yeah, otherwise, who else would have the time to rule the entire pack while also caring about his woman?” 
As Allison moved through the crowd of students, she could hear them whispering. 
When she arrived at the vehicle, the driver opened the door for her. 
She moved to the back seat of the car and glanced out the window. The driver got behind the wheel and set off in the direction of the pack house after starting the car. 
Two years was a very long time. 
There is an old proverb that goes, “Time can change everyone.” 
Allison came to the conclusion that this was extremely true. The passage of time had a significant impact on her. 
Now, Allison had completely changed from her previous self. Both she and her way of life. underwent a transformation. 
So many responsibilities came to her head and she was trying her best to do her duties. properly. 
It had been one and half years since Ethan became the head Alpha of the Moonlight Crown Pack 
Georgiana was absolutely correct. Indeed, he possessed all the qualities of a strong Alpha. It was really satisfying to see that he was pulling ahead of the pack. Within such a short period of time, pack members started to refer to him as one of the best Alphas of their pack. 
From pack business to pack members‘ safety, he was thinking about each and every one. He did not let down his father and proved his best to make him feel that he took the right decision to make him the head Alpha. 
The car reached the pack house. 
The driver assisted Allison by opening the door for her. She got out of the car and started walking towards the pack house. 
in time to see Ethan emerge from the pack house. He made his way to her. She looked up just “I was looking forward to seeing you. Guards have just informed me that you have arrived. 
He was ready to give her a hug, but she put her hand on his chest and stopped him from doing 
$0. 
“I don’t think someone is here to see you pretending, Alpha Ethan.” 
Her mocking looks and tone caught him off guard. Her eyes were cold. 
“Allison, you are going to my wife.” 
“The wedding still has one month left.” 
Ethan took a close and attentive look into her icy eyes. “How much longer are you going to punish me in this manner? It’s been two years.” 
“How much longer? Until my death.” She replied and shoved him. 
He stepped aside to let her go inside the pack house. He cast a glance at the guards. All of them wore expressions of shock on their faces. 
“What are you looking at?” He yelled at them. They immediately looked away from him. 
Ethan switched his attention to Allison as she entered the pack house and went inside. Two years. It had been two years since he tried his best to win over her heart. He attempted every possible way to apologize to her and convinced her to accept him in her heart. 
But Allison turned into a cold woman. She became like a stone–hearted person. It was impossible to tell what she was feeling by looking at her face. After that night, she never laughed again, and she never cried either. 
On the night of the announcement, Ryan left the pack. 
Everyone thought he would come back again. But as he said that night, he never returned. It was the mental breaking point for Luna Ella. She was successful in persuading her husband to phone
her son and ask him to return. Alpha Neil tried to call Ryan. His phone was unreachable. 
Everyone realized that they had no other way to contact him. He was like vanished in the air. 
His best friend Max already shifted abroad with his mate before that incident. But Ryan’s other friend Owen also left the pack the night when Ryan left. Everyone learned about it after searching for Ryan. 
As Allison entered the pack house, 
Everyone looked at her. She walked to the couches where everyone was sitting. 
Whenever there was something important to discuss, she attended the discussion as the 
future Luna of this pack. 
Luna’s duty was regular to her now. She was working on it every day. She had been training for the position for one year. 
“Come, Allison. We have good news.” 
Allison sat on one of the couches. She did not glance at anyone, not even her own parents. 
She still remembered how they made her compromise the love of her life. To secure their daughter’s future, they destroyed their daughter’s life. 
When Ryan left, she was totally broken. She cried day and night alone in her room. She was sick for two weeks. It turned out that her wolf was the one that got sick. She wailed in an inexplicable agony. She felt that not only she but also her wolf was in love with Ryan. 
There was a time in which she attempted to call Ryan, but she was unable to get through to him. It was not like she would tell him about her heart but she only wanted to hear his voice. That was it. 
Day by day, she made herself understand that the two of them were not destined to be together. He deserved better so fate decided this way to part them. 
She prayed that wherever he was, he would be happy. 
She missed Teresa a lot. There was no one to pour her pain out of her heart. She felt depressed. She was not angry with anyone but herself. 
The colorful world turned into black and white after Ryan left her life. 
“Ethan, come fast. We need to tell everyone. We have to start the preparations also.” Alpha Neil said to his son as Ethan entered the pack house. 
Ethan took the seat next to Allison and glanced at her. 
She pretended he was not there by ignoring him completely before turning her attention to Alpha Neil. 
“Finally, after a great deal of persistence and effort, the head Alpha of the Black Moon Pack accepted our invitation. Ethan deserves all of the credit. He tried his best to reach him.” Alpha Neil said with a proud smile. 
“That’s really great news. When is he coming?” Beta Glen asked. 
Wade, the new Beta of the pack replied to the question, 
“We requested him to visit our pack for once. 
It’s such an honor that he is coming tomorrow to visit our pack.” 
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117
“The Black Moon Pack?” Allison asked as she paid attention. 
Everyone knew about that pack. Because of that pack’s head Alpha and his winning history, that pack was always in the discussion of other packs. 
In two years, that pack grew larger in size than before. People began to say that the pack’s Alpha was enraged at something. That was why, one by one, he began to destroy every pack 
around it. 
That Alpha was a dreadful man, and every wolf trembled just thought of his presence. 
Due to the fact that he never attended any pack meetings, no one was aware of his true background. They could only speculate that it was an angry young man, who had the crown in his head and ruled the werewolf world with his dominant aura. 
Allison recalled that Ethan had mentioned in the pack meetings that the Alpha had turned him. down a few times when Ethan tried to approach him as if he had no interest in any alignment. 
Of course, it was true. He did not require any allies. In fact, other packs needed his alliance. 
That was why Ethan worked extremely hard for a number of months in order to finally get the opportunity to meet him and present his pack to him. 
“It will come as a complete shock to every pack. Everyone was attempting to get in touch with him, but you were the only one who could. We are proud of you.” Beta Glen praised Ethan with a warm grin. 
Allison looked at her father. At first, he was angry with Ethan for a few months because of the rejection. But again, Ethan had the manipulation power. He convinced him to his side and melted his father’s heart once again.. 
Her father caught her gaze. She looked away from him unhurriedly. 
Her bond with her parents had changed, especially with her father. She did not engage in much conversation with them. Even though they attempted to have a conversation with her, she did not engage in idle chatter with them. 
It was not a lie that Allison really moved on in her life. 
She made the decision to accept the circumstances and started thinking of herself as a Luna. She did not want love anymore. She would never accept Ethan in her heart either. The place would remain empty forever. 
She let Ryan go from her heart so that if one day he came in front of her, she would not break down in front of him. 
She prepared herself really well, which surprised her too. She believed it was her destiny, and she had no choice but to follow it. 
At the age of twenty, she had reached the point of maturity where she could handle any circumstance that arose around her. 
“He is a business tycoon. His visit might be beneficial to our pack business.” Ethan’s delta 
spoke out. 
It would be a really hectic situation for all of the people in the pack house. 
Because everybody was already planning a wedding for Ethan and Allison, and the wedding was only around the corner. The event is scheduled to take place the following month. The whole pack was already busy on that. 
“How many people do you think will come?” That was Ella’s question. 
“We extended an invitation to his family. We have no way of knowing who he will bring along with him. But his officials are coming for sure.” Wade replied. 
“Then who will run his pack in his absence?” 
“He has a large number of subsidiary Alphas that are capable of running the pack according to his directions. His pack is huge. About five packs have been combined into one larger pack.” Ethan responded. 
Allison was listening to them. She would have to act like Luna in front of the visitors who were going to be there. For that, she needed to learn about them first. 
“I heard his Beta’s wife has a great power in the pack. She usually joins meetings. So she can come here too.” 
The discussion went on for hours. 
At night, everyone sat at the dining table. The dinner was served and they began to eat. 
Allison could feel Ethan’s gaze over her. She avoided his eyes. It did not go unnoticed by others. 
They could see the distance between the couple. 
“Allison, what is your thought about tomorrow?” Alpha Neil asked her. 
She lifted her head and replied, 
“I think we should pay attention to their liking. It is important that each of the guest rooms is prepared according to the guests‘ preferences. We should focus on their food too. This is the first they are coming here so they must be very careful about our every move. Therefore, we should not give them any opportunities to experience feelings of dissatisfaction.” 
“You are right.” 
“Yeah, Uncle.” She replied. When Ethan became the head Alpha, she started referring to him. as uncle and Luna Ella as aunt. 
Because they were no longer the head Alpha and Luna, they instructed her to stop addressing them according to their ranks. 
“You have to come earlier tomorrow. You are this pack’s soon–to–be Luna. You have to be on time.” Ella said. 
“Don’t worry, I will be on time, and I will see to the arrangements too.” 
“That’s my daughter–in–law.” Ella complimented. 
Allison gave her a small smile and turned attention to her plate. 
After dinner, Allison and her parents headed to leave the house. 
Ethan told them that he would drop them. But she turned him down before Allison’s parents had a chance to agree with him. 
“We can go by ourselves. We have our own car. You don’t have to waste your time. Just focus on your work.” 
Because it had become Ethan’s habit to hear things like that from her, he did not take offense to the things that she said. 
He was going to say something, but then his phone rang, so he decided to take the call first. He received the call and brought the phone up to his ear. 
“Yes?” He said. Allison could not hear the other person’s voice. 
“Oh! It’s a good thing. Additionally, we are looking forward to meeting her. Don’t worry. No, no, we won’t have any trouble with that at all.” 
He hang up the phone and said, 
“The head Alpha of the Black Moon pack is coming with his soon–to–be Luna.” 
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118
The next day, 
Allison got ready. She would have to go to the pack house, so she skipped a few classes in school today. 
She took a few glances in the mirror as she dressed in the gray gown that had been prepared 
for her. 
She wore a few pieces of jewelry. She let her hair down and put on a pair of high heels which helped keep her dress from dragging on the floor. 
She left her room and went downstairs. She glanced at her parents and said, 
“Let’s go.” 
Her mother halted her as she went to the entrance of their house. 
“Allison, you are glowing with beauty.” 
She turned her head toward her. “Beauty doesn’t matter when it has no chance to bloom.” 
Her mother averted her gaze from her. She could feel her mother feeling guilty every day. However, her father did not feel any regret for his decision. 
“A strong man who is able to preserve beauty is also capable of bringing it to full bloom when the time is right.” Her father let out and walked to the door. 
Allison gave a slight nod because she did not want to continue arguing with any of them at that point. 
After leaving their home, the three of them got into the car and drove away. 
The ride in the car was silent. Allison’s attention was drawn to the beautiful evening sky. She felt her life had become dull. But maybe that was called royal life. 
When they arrived at the pack house, they noticed that there were many guards stationed outside of the pack house. 
Ethan organized all the security to stay safe and made others feel safe. 
Together with her parents, Allison entered the pack house. There is still plenty of time for the visitors to arrive. 
In the pack house, everyone was quite busy. 
Alpha Neil was having a conversation with one of Ethan’s. Wade was talking with Ethan. Ella was directing the work of a few of the maids. 
Allison greeted Ethan’s parents and began to check if everything was set up correctly or not. To become this pack’s Luna, there was only one month left for her. So she started her duty a few months ago. 
She climbed the stairs and examined each of the guest rooms. The locked guest rooms were opened up 
for guests today and were nicely furnished for their stay. 
She looked over the food and made sure it was okay. The chefs were working hard to prepare as many mouthwatering dishes as they could. 
She went back to the living room after she was satisfied that everything was in order. 
Wade approached her to speak with her. 
“Is everything okay?” 
“Yeah, I just finished looking over the rooms and the meals. You are free to inform me of anything else that comes to mind.” 
“No, there is nothing much. We are taking care of securities. We can’t just believe in anyone. He is a powerful man who has already taken control of five packs; what would happen if he chose to include our pack in the count and manage to do corruption with us? So we have to be careful with everything. 
“You are right.” 
“Ethan does not intend to wage war against him. His parents‘ safety is the main thing for him. Going to some other pack and winning it is okay. But if someone came to attack here, their target would be the weakness of the pack’s Alpha. We all know his weakness is his parents.” 
Allison gave him a nod. Indeed, Ethan cared about his parents the most. There was no lie in the statement. 
She also sometimes felt scared for her parents‘ lives. The war was not a walk in the park by any means. There were a great number of people who lost their lives there, particularly those who were close to the head Alpha. 
After ending her conversation with Wade, she proceeded to sit down on the couch. Everyone was sitting there. 
“At any moment, they will be here.” Alpha Neil said. 
Allison could clearly make out the gleam of delight in his eyes. She was surprised by how enthusiastic they were, including her father, about an Alpha paying this pack a visit for the first time. 
There was no question in anyone’s mind that the visit would have an effect in a variety of different ways. 
Allison was thinking about the Luna of that pack. She might have possessed a great deal of power given the fact that she had secured such a powerful Alpha as her future husband. 
Suddenly, she asked, 
“How is their future Luna?” 
Her question drew the attention of others around her, In response, one of Ethan’s officials replied, 
“She is a very strong lady. People in their pack say that she is different from us. But their Alpha forbade others to talk about her. He is very strict about Luna. He has a lot of concern for her. Therefore, you need to concentrate on the Luna. Maintain a proper demeanor towards her and make an effort to get along with her.” 
“I got it.” She replied. 
She was well aware of the importance of effective communication. Each pack’s royal families need to have strong lines of communication with one another. It might be useful to the pack. A few
minutes later, Allison noticed that she was beginning to feel a strange pain in her chest. She did not know what was happening so suddenly. 
In an effort to settle her nerves, she drank some water from a glass. She was not feeling well. However, she needed to relax herself because she would have to attend to the guests. 
Ethan came to sit next to her. 
“Are you okay?” 
“Hmm.” She responded. 
“I am observing you for a few minutes. You don’t look fine to me.” He murmured and grabbed her hand. 
She glared at him for holding her hand. But he did not leave it. He knew she would not say anything in front of their parents. So he smiled at her and whispered, 1 
“I am with you. Don’t feel nervous about anything. You are my Luna. There is no other Alpha. who can judge you, nor can his family.” 
Allison parted her lips to speak, but her eyes fell behind Ethan. She looked at the entrance of the pack house, outside the main door. 
Many black cars came to a halt in front of the pack house. 
Upon seeing that everyone, including Ethan and her, had gotten to their feet. 
“They are here.” Wade and other officials announced. 
Everyone went to the entrance to greet the guests as they arrived. 
The pack fighters of the Black Moon pack got out of their cars and went over to a car to open the door for their Alpha. 
A strikingly good–looking man emerged from the car wearing all black, even his dark–shade. sunglasses matched his suit perfectly. 
Even though Allison could hear gasps coming from the sides of her, her eyes remained unmoved on the man. 
Her heart froze just by looking at him. 
Ella’s loud voice reached her ears when she spoke out, 
“RYAN?” 
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
Each and everyone was shocked. They could not believe their eyes. At first, they thought Ryan had come back instead of the guest they were waiting for. 
However, there was a scent emanating from him that almost seized their hearts and declared that he was a powerful wolf. 
“How can it even be possible?” Alpha Neil mumbled under his breath as he gazed at hist younger son with a different look. 
Three men came out of their cars. Each of them had a well–built body and a firm attitude. 
If Allison only took a glance at them, she would be able to recognize two of them. However, her gaze was intently directed toward the person dressed in black. 
One of his men opened his car’s other door. 
A gorgeous woman in a black dress stepped out of the car. 
She walked around the car and stood next to the Alpha, and held his arm. He turned his head to her. She smiled at him. He did not smile back at her, but he did not refuse her either. 
Allison’s eyes shifted to the woman. She looked one or two years older than she was. She had the most perfect body that every man wanted in a woman. 
The most striking feature of her appearance was undoubtedly the emerald hue of her eyes. Her smile toward the man next to her, saying how comfortable she was with him. 
The pack fighters who were standing around them bowed at Ryan. 
“Alpha” 
Ryan did not reply to them. He turned his head to Alpha Neil. 
Alpha’Neil walked a few steps forward and said, 
“You are back, Ryan.” 
Ryan removed his glasses and looked at him. 
His eyes were cold. It was so icy that just looking at someone would be enough to make anyone’s heart stop beating. 
“Alpha Ryan” 
A young man spoke out as he walked to Ryan and stood next to him. 
“You?” Alpha Neil turned his attention to the other person and asked. 
“I am the Gamma of the Black Moon Pack, Gamma Colin. And you are not allowed to address our Alpha by his name.” 
Alpha Neil was taken aback. His mind was messed up. He could not believe what was 
happening. 
“It looks like Alpha Néil is so excited to meet me that he forgot all the manners that he used to teach others.” Ryan let out as his eyes were fixed on him. 
Before Alpha Neil could say anything, Ethan broke the silence and greeted Alpha Ryan, saying, “Welcome to the Moonlight Crown Pack, Alpha Ryan.” 
The focus of Ryan’s eyes shifted to him, and he gave him a professional nod. 
“Please, coine inside.” Wade said as he gestured his hand to the pack house. As the Night Crown Pack’s beta, he made an effort to maintain order in the chaotic situation. It was impossible for him to deny the fact that the situation left him in a state of shock. 
Allison experienced a rush of the agony that she had worked so hard to block out returning to her heart. Ryan’s face was enough to change her heart. The cold attitude she had been maintaining disappeared in an instant. 
For once, she had the urge to rush over to him and ask him how that everything had happened. But she controlled herself and brought herself back to the present moment by reminding herself of who she was. 
Her attention was drawn to the hand of the woman who was holding onto his arm. She turned her head to look next to him and noticed the Gamma of his pack. He was unfamiliar to her. But the other two men were not. 
She was surprised that it was Owen and Vernon. She was curious as to whether or not they were also officials. 
She saw Ryan entering the pack house with the woman. Others followed him behind. 
Ethan controlled himself and walked behind them. 
Allison could see a different look on everyone’s face as they stared at Ryan. Everyone was flabbergasted by the reality. 
Allison did not immediately follow everyone else into the pack house after they had all entered. 
She leaned against a wall for support and started breathing deeply. 
She did not know why her past had returned in front of her. 
As she worked hard to keep her emotions under control, she bit her lips. 
“Don’t lose sight of who you are. Just try to remain calm. You are not the same Allison that you were.” She reminded her a few times. 
She slowly entered the pack house. Due to the fact that she would soon become their Luna, the guards were bowing to her. 
As soon as she entered the pack house, the attention of everyone except Ryan was drawn to her. She ignored everyone’s gaze and walked to the couches where everyone was sitting. 
Ethan gestured for her with his head to sit beside him. Everyone noticed that. She went to sit next to him. 
“Ryan, can we please taly” Ella attempted to communicate with her son. But Ryan looked at her and she shut her mouth. 
“I am here for business, Ella Iversen. I am not interested in your family since I had already broken all the relationships with you two years ago. I hope I don’t have to remind you all again. 
The tears begin to form in Ella’s eyes. Her head was down as she tried to control the tears from other 
“How dare you speak to your mother in such a disrespectful manner?” Alpha Neil yelled at Ryan. 
Immediately, all of the pack fighters from the Black Moon Pack, who were standing around the couches, pulled out their guns and pointed them in Alpha Neil’s direction. 
The actions left everyone in shock. Ryan motioned for them to put their weapons down with a hand gesture. 
They nodded their heads at him and put down their guns. 
“You people are too unprofessional. Should I kill you all for your disrespectful behavior?” Ryan commented while he crossed one leg over the other. His hands were resting on the couch’s headrest. 
He was sitting there like a king. 
If he had said that two years ago, everyone would have warned him, mocked him, or scolded 
him. 
But they were now aware of who he was. They had learned about him for the past four years and now 
they were finally able to meet him in person. 
Their gaze had changed for him. There was fear in their eyes, which made Ryan amazed. He was satisfied with their reactions. 
“I can’t take it if you come to my pack and talk to my family like that.” Ethan said it with a calm voice. 
“Coming here was the last thing on my mind. You are the one who begged me for the past one and a half years.” Ryan replied. 
Ethan turned silent. Meanwhile, Allison listened to the conversation quietly. 
From the moment Ryan came here, he did not give her a single glance, as if she were invisible to him. 
“Alpha Ryan, I apologize for my inconvenient behavior.” Alpha Neil said, and he looked away from him. Because he was not his son anymore, in front of him was Alpha Ryan, who was the leader of the Black Moon Pack. He could not give him a chance to do anything destructive to his pack. He could not let Ethan’s hard work go in vain. 
Ryan smirked when his father apologized to him. He turned to the woman beside him and said, “See? Power can make anyone apologize to you. I was talking about this. But you never learn to apologize.” 
The woman rolled her eyes and replied, 
“Why would I learn to apologize to anyone? I don’t need to. After all, I am Alpha Ryan’s Luna.” 
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120
Allison stared at the couple in front of her. An agony rose in her heart. 
“Who is she?” Ethan asked. 
Allison turned her head toward Ethan. He did not look good. His eyes were frowning at Ryan. 
Allison assumed he was shocked and angry with Ryan’s position, so she averted her gaze from 
him. 
“Oh, let me introduce her. She is my soon–to–be Luna, Elora.” Ryan said it without any 
emotion. 
“But her eyes…” Ella mumbled as she stared at Elora. 
“She is a hybrid. A werewolf and a witch.” Gamma Colin responded. 
Everyone looked at Elora carefully. The hybrids were very rare creatures. They could not. believe what they had just heard. 
“Don’t be afraid of me. I am not harmful…” Elora stated, then paused. She turned her head to Ryan and continued, 
“Until my Alpha permits me to be.” 
Allison scoffed when she saw how Elora was flirting with Ryan in front of everyone. 
Others turned to Allison as they heard her scoff. She did not want to grab others‘ attention. She was embarrassed by it. 
She felt a hand wrap around her waist. She looked at Ethan. He signaled her with his eyes to stay calm. 
Allison glanced at his hand and patted it. “Don’t worry, I will not mess up.” She whispered and smiled at him.. 
Ethan was stunned by her warm behavior. He forgot that she was pretending in front of everyone. He was almost lost in her eyes. 
Allison felt others gazed at her. However, she was successful in attracting the attention of another person this time. 
She glanced at Ryan. He was looking at her. 
After two years, they made eye contact. 
His eyes were frigid. She felt her heart start to beat fast. Her wolf began to jump inside her for 
no reason. 
She closed her eyes when she felt Ethan’s hand tighten on her waist. 
“She is my Luna.” Ethan said. 
“Not yet.” 
Allison heard Ryan’s words and immediately opened her eyes. She looked at him and noticed his eyes were on Ethan’s hand that wrapped around her waist. 
“Well, we are going to get married next month.” Ethan responded and turned to Allison. 
“Right, Darling?” 
Allison gave a slight nod in agreement. “Yeah.” 
eyes. 
Ryan’s eyes moved back to hers. She looked away from him and tried to avoid his “He is Owen, my Delta, and Vernon, my Theta.” Ryan introduced his officials to others. Allison glimpsed at them. She knew them really well, especially Owen. He was an ordinary student at her school. When did he become a Delta of the most formidable pack? 
Her eyes shifted to Vernon. He used to work at a club. She recalled that Vernon had shared some of his life stories with her at one point. He claimed that he was saved by someone who gave him a reason to stay alive. Was he talking about Ryan? 
Her mind was racing with a plethora of questions. It seemed more like a fairy tale than reality when a Playboy turned into the mighty Alpha. 
“Let’s have dinner.” One of the officials of Ethan said. 
Gamma Colin declined and said, 
“Our Beta and his wife are on the way. They went to meet some people. They will be here at any time. 
The living room was silent. No one was talking. Ryan’s identity was an unexpected thing for everyone. They were losing their words to speak. 
A few minutes later, another car stopped in front of the pack house. 
A young man and woman entered the pack house. They came to the couches. The woman said. to Ryan, “Sorry, Alpha. We are late.” 
Alliosn’s eyes widened. Her lips parted when she saw that Beta and his wife were none other than Max and Teresa. 
“T–Teresa?” 
It was her best friend. The best friend she had been missing for two years. Every moment when she felt low, she thought of her. 
Teresa looked at her for a few seconds and turned away from her as if they had never met before. 
Allison’s heart felt as though it had been stabbed. She was no longer able to exert any control over herself. She got to her feet and said, 
“Excuse me.” 
She went to the garden. Ethan followed behind her. 
‘Control yourself, Allison.” He said and grabbed her hand. 
She turned around and grabbed his collar. 
“This is all happening because of you. I hate you.” 
He kept his gaze fixed on her and allowed her to vent her rage on him. 
He raised his hand to her face and gently wiped away her tears. 
“Don’t cry.” 
She released his collar and pushed against his chest. 
“Have you seen how fate played with you?” She wiped her eyes and asked. 
He was taken aback by her question. “What do 
you mean?” 
She chuckled at him. “All the time you and everyone mocked him, taunted him about his rank. But look what all you got. He was always the powerful Alpha of the biggest pack.” 
Ethan grimaced at her. By referring to Ryan as the dominant Alpha in front of him, she was insulting him. 
Allison continued without pausing and said, 
“I am surprised, but I am also happy for him. The way you all behaved with him, you all deserve this. Now he will humiliate you, and there is nothing you can do about it because you are the one who called him here in a desperate attempt.” 
Ethan stepped toward her and said, 
“Just because I gave you all the freedom to talk, that doesn’t mean you will talk to your Alpha like this. The one year that you learned etiquette for being the Luna, don’t let it go wasted.” 
Anger was showing through his eyes. He could endure her every behavior, but he did not take it when she hurt 
sego. 
A smirk spread on her lips. She learned to smirk, and at the same time, she learned to feel satisfaction from her actions. 
“There is no way you can win against him, Alpha Ethan. He has returned with a tremendous identity.” 
Ethan growled at her. But she did not move from her place. 
“It makes no difference to me who he is. I will be where I am right now. But what about you?” Allison frowned at him. “What about me?” 
He leaned in and whispered, 
you 
“Can’t ou see? He moved on in his life. He has someone else now. He even announced that he would make that woman his wife. It’s good that you are nowhere in his heart. Because I would not have let him take you away from me anyway.” 
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121
In the living room, 
Everyone was observing Teresa and Max. 
Alpha Neil could not be more shocked. At first, his son turned out to be the powerful Alpha who had the biggest pack, and now his best friend, whom he used to scold, turned d out to be the Beta of that pack. 
He remembered chastising Max for bringing Ryan away from the hospital when Ethan was in the operating room. 
“Teresa, I can’t believe your mate is the beta of the Black Moon pack. After leaving this pack, you never contact Allison.” Joey told Teresa. 
Teresa felt awkward at the moment. Allison’s parents were like her parents. When she was here, they had a lot of faith in her. She was now hesitant to answer Joey’s query. 
She looked at Ryan, who was quite calm. She could tell it was silent before the storm. 
She gulped and averted her gaze from him. She smiled at Joey and replied, 
“Aunt, it was a rule not to contact others. As a result, I was unable to contact anyone other than my parents. Please allow me to introduce you to 
my mate.” 
She turned her head to Max and locked arms with him. 
“He is Max, the beta of the Black Moon Pack.” 
“Since when?” 
The question was asked by Beta Glen. All the time, he was silent. 
He was so shocked to see Ryan as the head Alpha of the Black Moon that he did not let out a single word until now. 
“When we shifted abroad.” 
“I see.” He muttered as he cast a peek towards Max. But then his gaze was drawn to Ryan. 
He inspected him thoroughly. It was difficult to believe that he was the Alpha that everyone raved about. 
The man with power, dominant scent, and dark aura. He could feel all three in Ryan. 
But why didn’t he feel that way two years ago? 
Wasn’t Ryan also the Alpha at the time? Then why could he not feel his scent then? 
“What are you staring at, Mr. Clark?” Ryan spoke out without looking at him. Then his head turned toward him. 
Beta Glen’s brows shot up from his cold eyes. He never imagined Ryan would make him feel that way one day. 
His wolf whimpered at the sight of him. 
What was going on? 
“N–Nothing.” He responded by looking aside. 
He felt so humiliated for stuttering in front of the boy he despised the most. 
Meanwhile, Ella was gazing at Elora, 
This woman was going to be her daughter–in–law. She wanted to see if she really deserved it since her son was a head Alpha now. In fact, Elora was not like their kind. She was very different. She had the blood of witches. 
The way 
she behaved in front of them was like Ryan had never talked about his family to her. Was she really oblivious that Ryan was their son, or was she pretending because Ryan did not want to maintain any relationship with them? 
“Alpha, since your Beta and his wife have already arrived, let’s have dinner now.” Wade said politely to Ryan. 
He was the most professional man in the pack house. He learned how to behave like that. He would have to forget everything and go with the flow. 
Ryan got on his feet. Everyone followed him and stood up. 
Wade gestured his hand toward the dining room. Ryan headed there, and everyone went 
behind him. 
“Please have a seat. Alpha Ethan will join us shortly.” 
Ryan gave him a nod and walked into the room. Ryan gave him a nod and entered the room. Owen walked over to the head chair and stopped there. He then pulled out the chair and said to Ryan, 
“Please, Alpha.” 
Every Night Crown pack member in the pack house came to a halt there. Ethan and Allison arrived at the same time to join them. 
“That’s my father’s place.” When Ethan realized what was going on, he spoke up. 
Ryan paused and turned to him. 
“Did you
something?” 
“Yeah. Alpha Ryan, you can’t sit on the head chair. That’s where my father sits. I don’t even sit there. It will always be his spot. 
Ryan cocked his brow at him. Colin gave Ethan a determined look. 
“Are you saying that our Alpha will sit in a regular chair while someone else sits in the head chair in front of him?” 
“This is my pack. That chair is mine. Your Alpha can sit wherever in your pack. But not in my pack.” Ethan replied while glaring at Colin. 
He scoffed at him. “He snatches other people’s pack; this head seat is nothing in front of hiin.” Hearing him, other officials of the Black Moon chuckled and shook their heads. 
Ethan’s blood was boiling. He was about to retort back, but Alpha Neil grabbed his arm. 
“Ethan, leave it. I have no ions to any seat. I know you respect me, and that’s all that matters to me. After becoming the head Alpha of this pack, you still let me sit there and never made me feel that I was retired. Having a son like you is like a blessing to me. Dad will always be proud of you.” 
Allison glanced at Ryan. He was looking at Alpha Neil and Ethan. 
She felt that he should not have done that. It was not just a chair but a respectful center. All these years, Ethan gave all the rights to Alpha Neil to make decisions over him. Alpha Neil felt. proud of Ethan every day that his son gave him such value in front of the other packs. 
Today, Ryan crushed his respect in the blink of an eye. He could have denied Owen and sat in another chair, but he decided to choose this way to humiliate his father. 
Ryan turned around and made his way to the head chair. He sat there gracefully and looked at Alpha Neil. 
“If you are done with your father–son drama in front of outsiders, let’s have dinner, Alpha Neil. I don’t have as much spare time as your son does to make others feel special. 
Because I was not born to please anyone, but only myself.” 
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122
Alpha Neil frowned at Ryan, who ignored him and motioned for his officials to sit close to him. Elora sat on the right side, next to him, where a Luna should sit. 
Others took their seats and sat down. 
Allison did not want to look at Ryan. But she could not stop herself. Her gaze was drawn back and forth between him and Teresa. 
Teresa was avoiding her, and she had no idea why. She did not expect that from Teresa. 
Allison glanced at everyone. Everyone had a different look on their face. 
Her father, Alpha Neil, and Ethan had the same expressions. They were mad at Ryan. But because of his identity, they were reluctant to say anything to him. 
She took a deep breath and focused on her plate. For now, she could only do that. She was not feeling well. Her mind could not process much right now. 
“Everyone is very silent here, Teresa. You mentioned that I would like this pack. But things are going in the opposite direction here.” Elora was eating when she said. Her face was filled with disappointment. 
Allison raised her head and gazed at Teresa. She rubbed Elora’s arm and smiled at her. 
“I’ll make sure you have a good time here. Don’t be concerned. I’ll take you to visit ‘Moonlight Crown University‘. Our school is a really admirable place. Then this pack also has clubs, theaters, shopping malls, and other places. Don’t worry.” 
“Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
Allison stared at Teresa. The way Teresa’was behaving with Elora, she used to behave like that only with her. 
She tightened her fists as she darted at Elora. She shook her head and calmed herself. 
“It’s not her fault.” She told herself this and tried to divert her mind. 
“Will 
you accompany me, Ryan?” 
Elora’s voice rang out to her. She looked at Ryan, who was eating calmly. He paused and gazed at Elora. He was quiet for some time. Then he replied, 
“I will.” 
His eyes suddenly roamed around the room as if he were searching for something. They stopped when they met her eyes. 
Allison felt something stuck in her throat. She started coughing. She didn’t expect Ryan to look at her. 
“Drink it.” 
Ethan poured her a glass of water and handed it to her. 
She grabbed it and chucked down the water. Ethan rubbed her back and said, 
“I always tell you. Don’t eat fast. You never pay attention to me.” He stated it softly while looking over at Ryan. 
Anyone who knew what he was up to could tell that he was saying such things to show Ryan. 
“It looks like Alpha Ethan really loves his Luna a lot.” Elora said. 
However, her tone did not come from appreciation. It felt like a mockery. 
“Of course, I do. He is the only woman in my life.” Ethan sounded confident. [1 
Allison pushed Ethan’s hand from her back very lightly, so no one noticed that. 
“What about you?” Elora asked. Her query did not stop. 
It was like she was eager to ask those questions, and she wanted the answers right away. 
Allison looked at Elora and smiled. 
“I also do.” She paused and glanced at Ryan. His eyes were still on her, which surprised her. But she could see only loathe in his eyes. 
“After all, I am his soon–to–be Luna.” 
Allison’s response was the same as Elora’s in the living room. 
Elora’s eyes scrutinized Allison. 
Allison felt her gaze was scornful. 
She wondered if Ryan had told her something about her. Otherwise, why was she looking at her in that way? 
Elora parted her lips to ask another question, but Ryan interrupted her with, 
“Eat quietly.” 
Elora focused on eating rather than conversing as if it were an order she had to obey in some 
way. 
Alpha Neil and Allison’s father smiled at each other as they were pleased with Allison’s 
response. 
Meanwhile, Ethan was aware that Allison was deceiving others, but he was relieved that she admitted that she loved him, even if it was a lie. 
There was silence in the living room for a while. 
Ethan broke the silence and looked at Max. 
“We have prepared guest rooms for all of you. My Delta will accompany you to your accommodations. After dinner, you can relax there. I will set up a pack meeting for tomorrow.” 
Max nodded at him and asked, 
“What is the sole purpose of the meeting?” 
Ethan was taken aback by the question. 
“Just an orientation with other Alphas.” He replied. 
Max turned his head to Ryan. “Alpha, do you agree with it?” 
Allison was astounded by Max’s professionalism. The way he was calling Ryan ‘Alpha‘, she still remembered that they were best friends. 
“Since you have come here to visit. Other Alphas should get the opportunity to meet with you. 
Vernon said to Ryan. 
Ryan nodded at them without speaking. His mood was gloomy. Or was he pondering something else? 
Everyone fell silent again. The dinner went well. 
After dinner, Ethan’s Delta showed every one of the Black Moon Pack to their rooms. 
Allison and her parents decided to leave since it was late at night. 
“I am coming in a minute.” Allison said as she glanced upstairs. 
She climbed the stairs and walked in the hallway. She wanted to talk to Teresa. She wanted to ask why she was behaving like that with her. 
How could a best friend do that to another? They used to refer to one another as “sisters from another mother.” 
She noticed a lot of rooms in the hallway. She took a look at the last two rooms, which were directly across from each other. 
She remembered choosing the left room for the Beta of that pack because she had heard he was coming with his wife. 
She made her way to the room while thinking about what she would ask Teresa. 
She knocked on the door and waited outside. 
When she could not get any reply, she knocked again. She knocked a few times, but still no reply. 
She opened the door and entered the room. 
“Teresa? Are you here?” 
She noticed that there was no one in the room, not Max or Teresa, 
at anyone. 
“Perhaps I came to an empty room.” She mumbled and moved her gaze to the door. 
At that moment, the door of the bathroom opened. 
She turned around and saw Ryan coming out in casual clothes. His hair was wet, indicating that he had just showered. 
When his eyes fell on her, his brow wrinkled. 
“Why are you here?” His voice sounded profound and tinged with bitterness. 
She gulped after hearing his question. Her lips trembled at just his cold look. “I–I was j–just..” 
She stuttered, but she paused when she saw him coming towards her. She stepped backward. She tried to explain, 
“I–I came to mee-” 
Before she could finish her sentence, he grabbed her throat and pressed her back against a wall. 
Her eyes widened at his action. 
His hand tightened his grip. His glare shook her whole body to its core. 
He was not the Ryan she knew. He had changed into a different person. 
His husky voice warned her, and his eyes peered at her as if she were his prey. “Stay away from me if you want to stay alive.” 
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123
Allison tried to release herself by patting his hand, but he did not remove his grip on her 
throat. 
She made an effort to seize the air, but she noticed that her heart was beating more slowly. She struggled as she felt that she was going to die. 
Her eyes closed to stay calm, and then she stared at him. 
It was the same man who used to love her and could do anything for her. 
Those eyes used to look at her softly, but now they were glaring at her with no emotion. 
Those eyes were scanning her face. She observed a gleam in his eyes as she struggled to draw a breath, and it seemed as though he was enjoying it. 
Allison closed her eyes to let him kill her. Two years ago, she turned her back on him and abandoned him in the middle of the path. If it would make him feel better to take her life, she would allow him to have the pleasure of doing so. 
Ryan released her throat, and she started coughing immediately as a gust of air entered her throat. 
She coughed hard while grabbing her chest. She bent down and patted her hard. 
He turned around and walked to the nightstand, he was going to hand her the glass of water that had been left on the nightstand. However, she was taken aback when he ignored her coughing and did not offer her a glass of water. 
Instead of the glass, he grabbed the packet of cigarettes, which she could not notice when she entered the room because of the distraction of her mind. 
He pulled out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. She made an effort to settle her nerves and stood up straight. She began to take deep breaths as she observed him smoking a cigarette. 
He looked at her with an unknown gaze and signaled her to the door. 
“Get out.” 
Her eyes were already moist and tears were running down her face. She bit her bottom lips to keep herself from breaking down in front of him. 
“I–I wasn’t aware that t–this was the room that you picked out for yourself. T–The Alpha’s room was another one.” She let out. 
Smoke came out of his mouth as he gazed at her face. 
Her tears could not melt him. Even her sobs were unable to sway him. Something about the look in his eyes made her feel even more threatened by him. 
When she saw that he was silent, she said, 
“I thought it was Teresa’s room. I came to meet her.” 
He flicked the ash from the cigarette and remarked, 
“I have seen many shameless women in my life, but not like you.” 
The things he said left her speechless. She looked away from him and wiped her eyes. She reached for the doorknob and apologized while saying, 
“I am sorry for disturbing you.” 
“You don’t have to feel sorry.” 
Hearing him, she cast a glance in his direction. 
As he turned his head to face the window, he said, 
“Because very soon, you will pay all of your debts.” 
She was confused by his words. What did he mean by paying debts? What debt was he talking about? 
She wanted to ask him, but because he seemed unfazed by her presence, she was unable to approach him. She averted her gaze and then exited the room. 
She walked toward the staircase while keeping her eyes on the ground below her. Her thoughts. kept going back to Ryan. The manner in which he grasped her throat and caused her pain, as well as his words and his menacing glare, were all running through her thoughts at the same. 
time. 
She did not realize that someone was coming her way. She bumped into the person. 
Her steps were stumbling, and she was on the verge of falling. Someone reached out and grabbed both of her arms, preventing her from falling. 
When she looked up at the person and recognized him. 
It was Gamma Colin. 
“Be careful.” He replied before releasing his hold on her arms. 
“Thank you.” She uttered. 
She noticed that his gaze was on her neck. She touched her neck and whizzed. 
His eyes moved from her neck and shifted to the door of Ryan’s room. 
“Stop playing with his patience. He is this close to destroying everything.” “What do you mean?” 
He switched his attention back to her and said, “You know better.” 
After that, he went to a room/opened the door, went inside, and then shut the door behind. him. 
Allison stared at the empty hallway. She felt lonely in her heart. She felt like dying because of Ryan’s behavior. Because of what his camma had just warned her about, she felt frightened 
now. 
She proceeded downstairs. She covered her neck by draping her hair around it. She knew Ryan’s fingerprints may be spotted there since Gamma Colin had noticed them. 
She was moving through the living room when she overheard conversations. 
“I can’t just believe how he became a head Alpha. I had never seen any potential in him. He never took any training from this pack, nor did he have any skills. Then how? 
It turned out to be Alpha Neil’s voice. Allison’s legs stopped moving while she concentrated on listening to the conversation. 
“He was a spoiled brat before, but now he has turned into an arrogant man. Did you see how he behaved with you? I don’t like it. How is it possible for anyone to speak to their parents in that way?” Glen said. 
Allison gave a dismissive shake of her head and then moved over to them. 
“Let’s go.” 
Her voice came out harsh because of how Ryan grabbed her throat. Everyone shifted their attention to her. 
“What happened?” Her mother asked. 
‘Nothing. I need to go to school in the morning. So let’s go.” 
She did not let her parents oppose it as she glanced at Alpha Neil and Ella. 
“I am leaving. Inform me if you need anything.” 
“No, since you come here daily, we will let you know if we need anything.” 
Because Luna’s duties required her to, Allison showed up to the pack house every day. She then gave Ella a quick nod before heading out the door. 
Ethan was also sitting on the couches with his parents. But she did not give a glance at him. 
She exited the pack house and got into the car that belonged to her father. She remained there as she awaited the arrival of her parents. 
They came out of the pack house a few minutes later. 
When the driver started the car, she rested her head against the seat. 
It seemed as though the tears were finally going to be given the opportunity to escape her after being held back for so long. 
eyes 
She tried to prevent them. But as soon as she closed her eyes, tears began to pour out of her eyes, even though they were closed. 
She heard her father’s voice. 
“Why are you crying?” 
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124
Allison remained silent. When her father did not get her reply. He asked, 
“Are you crying for that man?” 
She opened her eyes and wiped away the tears that had been falling. She turned her head to the window and replied, 
“No. I am crying because of the foolishness that I did two years ago.” 
“Allison, you did not do anything foolish. You chose the right thing. If he really cared for he could have told you about himself. But he did not do that. He let you in the dark.” 
“Dad, don’t push someone to her limit. I have already reached the point of no return.” 
“He is- 
She looked at his seat and interrupted him. 
you, 
“My future was the only thing you were worried about, right? He turned out to be the most powerful Alpha. When he left this pack, he already held the position of head Alpha of his pack. Now what, Dad? You have just been concerned about maintaining your status. What are your thoughts on this matter at this point?” 
He turned his head from the front seat and looked at her. 
“So what if he turned out to be a powerful Alpha? He is not a good person. Have you not witnessed the way that he behaved around his own father?” 
“Really? Then hadn’t you witnessed how his own family reacted to him two years ago?” 
“Why are you defending him? You are Ethan’s Luna, not his. By the way, he has another woman in his life now. So you better not think about him.” 
“Dad, I beg you, don’t talk to me.” 
“I find it hard to accept that you are now being impolite to your father. It’s all because of him.” Allison looked over at her mother, who had been completely mute during the car ride. 
When Joey realized that her daughter was looking at her, she immediately spoke up and said, “Glen, relax. Let’s put an end to this topic here. During the meal, she declared that the only person she loves is Ethan. This brings an end to the conversation.” 
The peacemaking efforts of Allison’s mother toward her father were successful. Glen did not say anything after then. He only glanced at the rearview mirror from time to time. 
When they reached home, Allison did not waste any time getting to her room; she went straight there. She closed the door and slid against it. 
She touched her neck and cried silently. 
She grabbed her hair and pulled it in anger. She was depressed. Those burning gazes of Ryan’s continued to torment her. 
Every time she closed her eyes, she was only seeing his eyes. Those eyes were filled with a deep 
-rooted animosity toward her. 
She recalled Ethan’s words when she was in the garden. Ryan had someone else in his life now. 
Though she thought she had moved on in her life, after watching him once again, she felt she had been lying to herself all these years. 
She was unable to put him out of her heart. 
Her wolf could not forget his warmth. 
She had no idea how she was going to deal with everything now. 
She did not know how long she would control herself. She cursed herself for saying those things to him two years ago. She cursed herself for listening to her parents and letting him go. She cursed herself for trying to forget him. 
She pressed her head against the door and brushed her hand on her neck. He almost killed her today. 
Did he hate her that much? 
Would he ever forgive her? 
Or he would punish her just like he said that she would have to pay? 
The next morning 
Allison went to school. Students were passing her. A few of them bow to her since, in one month, she was going to be the Luna of this pack. 
“Why do you look upset?” Diva asked. 
Allison was sitting on a bench beside the window. She was lost, so her new friends were worried for her. 
“Nothing.” She mumbled. 
“You can tell us. You are a strong woman. How come you look weak today? Are you sick? Should we inform Alpha?” Ciara inquired with a worried tone. 
“Tsk. No, please don’t.” She replied. She did not like it when they talked to Ethan. 
Last time, Ethan arranged a birthday party for her and invited all of them. After that point, all of them became Ethan fans. Because Ethan had previously instructed them to look after her, if there was a problem, they were adamant about informing him about it. 
“Okay. But I think it would be best if we went to the clinic for a quick checkup.” Diva said. 
The day passed without paying attention to the classes. Allison could not just focus on anything. 
She noticed Ethan’s car waiting for her outside school. She could have chosen to take the bus, but given that his car was already parked there, others might have been suspicious of her conduct. Since she did not want anyone to discuss or gossip about her, she did not want to give them an excuse to do so. 
She reached the pack house. She cast a glance across at the cars that were parked in the parking 
lot. 
She remembered that there was a meeting scheduled for today in the pack house. 
“How could I forget it?” She rubbed her forehead and got out of the car. 
“What should I do now? I didn’t even wear any appropriate dress to go in front of the Alphas or attend the meeting.” She muttered and entered the pack house. 
Since it was already noon, everybody was already in the meeting room. She looked for Ella in hopes that she could help her find a dress so that she could go to the meeting and join the others. 
Ella was having a conversation with the cook in the kitchen. Allison learned that she was giving the chef instructions to prepare Ryan’s favorite dishes. 
“Aunt” 
Ella smiled at her as she turned to face her. 
“Good noon, my dear.” 
“Good noon. I came to ask for a dress.” 
Ella looked at her dress and said, 
“Oh, you are late for the meeting.” 
“Yeah.” 
“Let’s go. 
We can check Ethan’s wardrobe.” 
Allison’s legs froze. “Why?” 
“Maids arranged Luna’s clothes there. You will move in there in one month, but before then, you are required to visit here on a daily basis. Therefore, I instructed them to put everything in its proper place there. You can just go and change your clothes and then proceed right to the meeting.” 
Allison nodded her head, and she dashed for the stairwell. She was ready to climb the steps but stopped when she noticed that Ryan and his officials were making their way down. Teresa was 
with them. 
Allison moved to the side to make room for their descent. It was clear to her that they were going to attend the meeting. 
Ella smiled at Ryan and said, 
“It’s good that the meeting has not begun yet. Allison is going to the meeting hall after changing her clothes.” 
Ryan paused walking when he heard that. He turned to Ella and asked, 
“What did you just say? Why would she attend a meeting?” 
“She will be our Luna soon. So she started to attend meetings six months ago.” Ella replied softly. She was feeling relieved that her son was at least talking to her. 
Ryan gave Allison a stern look and said, 
“You. You can’t attend the meeting.” 
Allison was taken aback. “Why?” 
“It’s my meeting. And you haven’t yet gotten the position of the Luna of this pack. So I don’t want an unprofessional person like you sitting in front of me in the meeting room.” 
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125
Allison was stunned by his reply. She watched him walk with his officials as they headed to the meeting room. In addition, Teresa did not come to her defense, which made Allison upset 
more. 
When Ryan went to the room where the meeting would take place, the theta that belonged to Ethan was waiting for him outside. 
Ryan entered the meeting room, and the whole room turned silent. 
All the Alphas in the room looked at him with wide eyes. 
They knew Alpha Ryan had come to this pack, but they could not believe their eyes. Everyone. quickly sprang to their feet and bowed to him as though he were their head Alpha. 
The aura he had was something they could not ever have. They always heard about him and learned who he was. But seeing him in person was unbelievable. 
“Alpha Ryan.” 
One of the Alphas called out excitedly and almost came out of his seat, but the Alpha beside him nudged his arm to stop him. 
“I just wanted to shake 
lowered his head who with him.” That Alpha whispered but could not dare, and he 
looked at him. 
At the conference table, there were two chairs designated as the head chairs. While Ryan moved to sit in the other, Ethan was already occupied in one of the chairs. Their officials sat in close proximity to them. 
Teresa was the only woman present, and she sat with Beta Max, who was her mate. 
Ethan cast a quick glance towards the door, which was noticed by many around him. “Start the meeting.” Max spoke out. 
Ethan shook his head. “No, my Luna is on her way. We can wait for a few minutes for her.” He remarked this while reaching for his phone on the table. 
the 
He called her almost twenty times, but she had been rejecting his calls since morning. It became her habit to do that. 
“She is not coming.” Ryan said to Ethan. 
Ethan looked up from his phone and turned his attention on Ryan, who was sitting directly opposite him at the end. 
“What?” 
On behalf of Ryan, Vernon replied, 
“Only the lady who became Luna is allowed here. So your soon–to–be Luna is not allowed in a professional meeting like this.” 
In most cases, Lunas did not show up to any of the meetings that were being held. However, the pack that planned the pack meeting had the ability to invite Luna to attend the meeting 
because it was her right to participate in the decision–making process. 
Ethan looked at the door for the last time and kept his silence. He wanted Allison to attend the meeting with him, but because of Ryan’s rules, she could not attend the meeting. 
“But we don’t have to follow this rule since the wedding is just one month away. Am I right?” Glen spoke out. 
Everyone agreed with him. In the next pack meeting, she would be here anyway. 
Ryan gave Glen a disapproving look and then turned to Ethan, saying, 
“Alpha, your pack is so unprofessional. Even former officials can also join an important meeting like this?” 
His words indicated this to Glen. It destroyed Glen’s reputation in the eyes of others around him. The statement made by Ryan knocked him completely off his feet. 
“Be careful, Alpha Ryan. He is my Luna’s father.” Ethan warned her. 
All of the Alphas felt tension between the two Alphas. They felt that there was a rivalry going on between Ethan and Ryan. 
However, they believed that no one could win over Ryan. 
The man who had already grabbed five packs under his name, who would even dare to tease him? Each and every one of them had simply come here in the hopes of gaining favor in his eyes and preventing him from attacking their pack. 
“Oh, so he is the head Alpha’s father–in–law. I see.” Ryan said as if he did not know the facts. 
Alpha Neil shot him an angry look. 
“Ryan” 
“It’s Alpha Ryan for you. I think I chose the wrong pack for the visit. What do you say, everyone?” After reminding Alpha Neil to address him by his rank, Ryan asked the other people in the room the question. 
Although everyone nodded their heads, they were careful not to speak because Ethan was staring down at them. 
They were unable to infuriate any of the Alphas with their behavior. Additionally, Ethan was a powerful Alpha. In the span of one and a half years, he accomplished a great deal for his pack. 
“Let’s get this meeting started.” After standing up, Wade stated. 
Every Alpha took turns introducing themselves, one by one. Ryan’s piercing eyes were judging them with his abyssal gaze. 
They felt nervous under his gaze. They felt like submitting to him at any time, but they were here to stand out from their pack, not giving up in front of him. So they controlled themselves and passed the meeting well. 
“We are getting the invitation for Alpha Ethan’s wedding next month. Will we get to see Alpha Ryan there?” One of the Alphas asked. 
Everyone turned their attention to Ryan to figure out the answer. 
“I don’t think he will invite me.” Ryan said. He placed his elbows on the table and looked at Ethan with amazed eyes. 
Ethan shook his head. “Why won’t I invite you? I will invite each and every one of you. 
“Let’s see.” 
Ethan chose to disregard his provocative statements and instead inquired, “What about your wedding?” You haven’t decided on a time yet, have you? 
Everyone was aware that he had fixed a woman up to be his Luna, but nobody had any idea. who she was. Since he had never attended any meetings or visited other packs, they could not get to see his Lama either. 
Ryan noticed everyone’s excitement in their eyes, which caused him to raise one eyebrow. 
“I will invite everyone and show you how the Black Moon Pack shows hospitality to others. 
But until then, wait for it. 
He replied and stood up. Then he looked at everyone with his predatory eyes for the last time before saying. 
“The meeting is over.” 
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126
Allison was wandering around the garden. When she was insulted by Ryan, she was at such a breaking point that she could not control her tears. 
She isolated herself by going to the garden and crying there. 
These two years were a challenge for her to survive. She did well and tried to move on. She developed herself into a strong lady. 
However, the moment he stepped on this pack, she lost it. 
She lost herself. 
She observed the flowers and noticed that some of them were unable to bloom in the same manner as the others. 
It seemed to her that she was nothing more than those flowers, who was far away from getting happiness. 
Because of how badly her life had been thrown off track, it was impossible to get it back on track. 
“I am observing you for a few minutes. You seem to be staring at the flowers for what seems like eternity.” 
Allison was startled when she suddenly heard a woman’s voice and spun around to look. 
She looked over and saw Elora standing there with a broad smile. There was a delight in her green eyes; they reminded her of someone. 
She pau 
gave it a thought for a second, but she was unable to recall where she had seen those eyes before. 
“Hello, Elora.” She greeted her. 
Elora’s eyes inspected her from head to toe, and then they returned to her eyes. 
She signaled her head to the flowers and asked, 
“What were you looking at?” 
“Nothing. I was feeling the fresh air of the garden’s beautiful environment.” Allison replied casually. 
As Elora approached her, the soles of her black boots made a clicking sound on the ground. She was dressed all in black, from her jeans to her top. On top of that, there was a black jacket. All of them fit her body perfectly. 
Allison did not have any bad intentions toward Elora. She was not even familiar with her. Therefore, it was impossible for her to have any animosity toward anyone only on the basis of the fact that her closest friend and her ex–boyfriend were both involved with this woman now. Allison smiled lightly as she gazed at Elora’s hot dressing sense. 
“You may like black a lot.” Allison said to her. 
She remembered that she was in a black dress yesterday when she came here. 
Elora shook her head and replied, 
“No, it’s Ryan’s favorite color.” 
The smile on Allison’s face froze. The smile wiped off, and she looked away from her. 
“I admire his every side. In my eyes, he is a flawless person who has many shades. I want to adapt his soul inside me.” 
Hearing Elora, Allison turned her head to her. 
Elora’s eyes were fixed on the flowers that she was looking at before. 
Allison was unable to deny the fact that it hurt her feelings to hear someone else speak in such a way about the person who she loved. 
But the way Elora was looking at those flowers, she could not say that she looked pleased. 
“Do you 
knoses have thorns?” Elora asked her. 
She glanced at the roses and asked, 
“Why?” 
“Thorns are there to protect the flower so that no one can harm it. But people do what they desire. They cut off the thorns first and lastly rip the roses from the tree. Because without thorns, they are vulnerable and easy to catch.” 
an extraordinary 
Allison was blown away by her point of view. She was certain that Elora was an ext woman without a shadow of a doubt. 
Elora turned her head toward her and said, 
“Just like delicate flowers, they always like weak people.” 
Allison’s brows shot up. Did she just talk about her? 
Was she calling her weak? 
She gazed into Elora’s eyes for a moment. She perceived hostility directed in her direction. Elora broke into a bright smile to conceal it and inquired, “How are you feeling right now? The following month, you are going to take up the role of Luna for this pack.” Allison understood that Ryan had told Elora about her. That was the reason why she held contempt for her. It was possible that she viewed her as a rapacious woman. 
Allison did not pull Ryan’s topic and behaved as if she did not understand her taunt. 
“I am happy.” She replied simply. Her response was straightforward. Her appearance was unruffled and expressionless. She did not convey any sort of feeling through her eyes. 
She wondered if she could do the same in front of Ryan, too. 
“How is the preparation?” 
“Good.” Allison replied and thought for a moment. She wanted to ask something and did not hesitate since Elora was the one who approached her. 
“What about your wedding plans?” 
Elora was silent for some time. Allison wanted to show her some respect, as she was really maintaining her duties well. Allison could not read her face. She could not get her thoughts out until she spoke out. 
“We are planning. You will get the invitation soon.” 
Allison gave her a nod. “Nice. I hope you two can live a happy life.” 
Her voice cracked ever so little when she was saying that, but she managed to keep it together and even wished for it. 
She had a kind heart and did not want any ill will upon anyone. After having a conversation with Elora, she gained the impression that she was not a threatening woman. 
She believed that Ryan had chosen the right person to spend the rest of his life with. Elora cared deeply for him, and she would do anything to put a smile on his face. 
Though she was feeling pain in her chest, she did not let out a single sound. 
‘I need to go to Lenus. I need a checkup. Why am I continually feeling chest pain? Do I have any heart problems?‘ Allison thought. 
The two women looked at the beauty of the garden. One of them looked simple and weak. Another one looked bold and strong. 
Both of their characters and personalities were different. 
But fate somehow twisted their lives together. 
“Elora, what are you doing here? I was calling you. Where is your phone?” 
Allison could make out Teresa’s voice coming from behind her. She wanted to turn to her. But she did not turn. 
Elora turned around and replied, 
“I forgot my phone in my room. How was the meeting?” 
Teresa did not reply immediately as her eyes fell on Allison. She moved her eyes to Elora and replied, 
“Good. I came to take you. We are going to visit a few places today. Come on. Ryan is waiting for you.” 
Elora looked at Allison. “What about you? Are you coming?” 
“No. I have some stuff to do. You all can go and have fun.” Allison replied. 
Elora nodded and left the garden with Teresa. 
Allison smiled bitterly when they left. Tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“Now we came to this edge, Teresa. You don’t even want to talk to me. You are ignoring me as if I was never your friend.” 
She wiped her tears and cursed herself. She felt stupid for feeling for the people who did not give a damn to her. 
Last night, she wanted to talk to Teresa, but because of the room exchange, she could not talk to her. But at this point, she had made up her mind to avoid conversation with her. 
She wanted to let her behave as she wanted. 
“I don’t care. I should not care for anyone. Why am I crying? I am not like this. This is not me. 
She was mumbling to herself while taking several deep breaths. 
” 
She heard footsteps moving toward her. She turned around and saw Ethan coming to her. 
“I am curious as to why you decided not to join us at the meeting today.” He inquired of her. 
She quickly averted her sight from him before responding, “Alpha Ryan forbade me to attend his meetings until I will become the Luna of this pack.” 
He moved closer to her and stroked her hair. She looked at him. 
“Should we move forward the date of our wedding then?” 
She rolled her eyes and lightly pushed his hand away from her head. “No way.” 
He 
chuckled and joked, 
“You are waiting for the last moment, right? You are just waiting; if somehow I die at the last moment, you will be free from me.” 
She knew he was kidding, but she wanted him to take it seriously. 
“No, I never wanted you to die.” 
“Honey, I know you still love me. Regardless of how much you try to deny it.” He gave her a knowing wink. 
She nodded her head. “Yeah. Keep dreaming. I don’t want you to die because then who will live in remorse? Seeing you guilty gives me inner peace. I can’t let you die by leaving me in hell.” 
After staring at her eyes for a few seconds, he eventually nodded his head. “Then let’s live under the same roof and despise one another. What can we say about it? Because if I die, you will go to hell to get revenge on me.” 
Ethan’s expression made her chuckle. Sometimes, Ethan tried to make her smile, and a few times, he even succeeded, just like right now. 
Allison chuckled and shook her head. 
“You have a great sense of humor. You can still make me laugh despite the fact that you have made my life a living hell.” Allison muttered. 
Suddenly, her eyes fell behind Ethan. Her smile faded away when she saw Elora. Her face looked gloomy. 
“Elora?” 
Elora looked away from them and responded, 
“Aunt Ella asked both of you to come with us to show us around. I came just to tell you that Ryan is waiting outside. Come fast.” 
After saying that, Elora left the garden. 
Allison was bewildered by her behavior. She could not help but think, 
“Anyone could have come to inform us. Why did Elora come by herself? She was fine a few minutes ago. Then why does she look mad now? What happened to her?” 
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
Ethan shook her arm when he saw Allison lost somewhere. He asked, “What happened?” 
“Don’t you think she looks angry?” Allison asked as she stared at the gate of the garden. Ethan rolled his eyes and replied, 
“Stay away from that woman. She can be harmful to you.” 
“Why?” Allison asked and turned her gaze at him. 
“She is not like us. She is different. She is a witch and a werewolf. We can’t ignore her witch blood.” 
“So what? We are friends with witches.” 
“I don’t know. I don’t like her. I can’t like her.” He said with a frown. 
“At first, you rejected me for being an Omega. Now you start to despise people for their natural identity.” 
“That’s enough. You can’t bring up rejection in every single one of our conversations. You told me that you had forgiven me two years ago. However, after some time had passed, you once more began to criticize me for that. Allison, that is not cool at all.” 
She was reminded of the promise she had made to him after he had saved her life in the accident to forgive him from the bottom of her heart. 
She actually did until he showed his true colors. 
Allison walked past him and walked out of the garden. Ethan followed her behind as he wanted to hear her explanation. 
When Allison looked up and saw her father seated on the couch, she immediately came to a stop. Her mother patted his back while saying something. Her father looked angry. He did not look in a good mood. 
“What happened to him?” she asked. 
Ethan chose to maintain his silence since he did not want to bring up the topic of what had occurred earlier today in the meeting room. 
“Let’s go. We have to go outside.” Ethan remarked before taking her hand in his. 
“No, wait.” After saying that, she headed in the direction of her father. 
“Dad, what happened?” She asked as she looked at him carefully. 
Her father looked up from the couch and glared at her. 
“Do you really want to know what happened?” He said with a furious tone. 
Joey glanced at the area to see if anyone was there. Then she said, 
“Not here, Glen. And she does not have anything to do with it.” 
Allison glanced at her mother. “When did you come here, Mom? Why does Dad look mad? Did 
something happen?” 
Allison was startled when Glen suddenly stood up, and she took a step backward. Her body bumped into Ethan, who was standing behind him. He wrapped his hand around her shoulders. and looked at her father. 
“She was not present in the meeting. I want you not to discuss anything with her. I hope you will obey me as your Alpha.” 
Allison was perplexed. “What are you all talking about? I want to know.” 
Ethan shook his head. “You don’t need to know.” 
Glen stared at Allison and said, “Look at this man. He is our head Alpha. When he was only the son of our Alpha, he never tried to ill–treat me in any way. Just like his father, he always treated me and your mother, including you, as his own family. This is the person I chose for you. The best man ever. Children can think that their parents are selfish. But they only think well of their children.” 
The unexpected outburst from Allison’s father took her by surprise. She slowly turned to Ethan and asked, 
“What did he do this time?” 
Ethan was aware that she had questioned him about Ryan. Ethan let out a sigh before dragging her along with him. 
“I told 
you. You don’t need to know. He is here for a week. He will go back soon, and our lives will be normal again. So leave it.” 
Allison glanced at her father and felt that something really big had happened. 
At that time, Ella entered the living room. She looked at the atmosphere and kept quiet. 
“You said we have to go with them.” Allison said to Ella. 
“Yeah, as Luna, you should go with Elora. But I want Ethan to go with you. You two almost never went anywhere by yourselves. Therefore, I wished to relieve you of your responsibilities for a couple of hours.” 
Allison was unable to deny it. Going with another pack’s Luna was also her duty. She was the host of this pack for the guests. 
“Okay, I am going to change clothes.” She said and went upstairs to Ethan’s room. 
When she opened the closet door, she discovered a plethora of garments neatly organized within. 
She decided to wear a dress that was bottle green and reached her knees. She went to the bathroom and changed her clothes hurriedly. 
To her surprise, many cosmetics were also there in a drawer of the closet. She put on light makeup. She wore white heels, which went really well with her dress, and left the room after pulling her hair back into a high ponytail. 
She proceeded to stroll over to the stairway and descend it. She overheard Alpha Neil yelling at someone, He was bellowing loudly. She was dumbfounded as to the reason behind his unexpected outburst of rage. 
conversation. 
“How dare he humiliate my best friend in front of another packs‘ head Alphas? Those Alphas were lads in front of us when we ran the pack. We used to deal with their fathers. Their fathers always lowered their heads whenever they talked to me or my Beta. But today, he insulted: 
my beta. So what if he retired? I am also retired. If I can join the meeting of the pack, which I built for a long time, then why can’t my beta? How dare he accuse him in front of those people of being unprofessional?” 
Allison clenched her fists while listening to Alpha Neil. Her father’s head was low. Her mother looked upset; it might hurt her too. 
Ella was silent because Alpha Neil was talking to her. Ethan was nowhere to be found. 
Allison closed her eyes to control her anger. Ryan talked rubbish about her father in front of her in the forest two years ago. That time, she couldn’t take it and slapped him. She thought he was talking insanely out of anger. 
But she forgot how he was. 
People say the truth that you turn blind in love. 
Though her father did not like Ryan, he never said anything bad about him directly. Then why did Ryan disrespect him in front of others? 1 
Allison did not interrupt the conversation and turned to the entrance. She walked to the door. ‘Two years ago, I did something wrong to you to break your heart. But you moved on in your life. Then why are you doing this? I can tolerate anything but my parents‘ insults. I even sacrificed my own happiness to keep them in my life. I died inside daily just thinking that they were wrong not to support you but Ethan.” 
“Let’s go.” 
She turned her head and saw Ethan. He held her hand and walked out of the pack house. 
Allison’s eyes gazed at Ethan, then moved to the man who was sitting in the black car. His predatory eyes shifted on hers. 
‘Don’t prove me wrong. Let me live with regret. 
Don’t do anything to make me hate you, Ryan.” 
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128
Ryan turned his head away from Allison. He looked at the driver and commanded, 
“Start the car.” 
“Yes, Alpha.” 
His driver started the car right away and drove off in the direction they intended to go. 
Elora was sitting beside Ryan in the back seat. She stared at Ryan. She tried to observe his face. 
Indifferent. 
“Sometimes I wonder how you were with her during those months that now she is so shocked by looking at your indifferent attitude.” She asked as her eyes caressed his handsome face. 
He was unbothered. He took out his phone and typed something, then put it back into the pocket of his blazer jacket. 
“Ryan” 
She called his name. She slowly lifted her hand and placed it on his heart. 
“Is it still beating for her?” 
She moved her head closer and was about to rest it on his chest when he stopped her by grabbing her wrist. 
She swallowed hard and looked into his cold eyes. 
His dark eyes were glaring at her. She smiled at him as if he were the only thing she wanted to 
see. 
“Oh, I forgot, you don’t have a heart, Alpha.” She said and chuckled. 
Her smile was seductive. It could mesmerize any man in the world, but this man in front of her was exceptional. 
For a very long time, she had her sights set solely on him. 
From the day her eyes fell on him, she turned blind in his love. 
Her mother was the highest–ranked witch among the most powerful covens. She warned her so many times to stay away from this dangerous man, but she was so in love that she ignored her own mother. 
She met him when he came to stay in the place she used to live. His father sent him to study there at a well–known university. 
She used to see him every day. Her eyes were always on him, but he never cared about girls. 
He was the troublemaker at their school. From students to the teachers, each and everyone used to avoid him. They avoided him because they kept their distance from him to ignore 
troubles 
He never disclosed his true identity as a member of an Alpha family. He used to tell others that his father abandoned him because he was worthless to his family. So he wanted to live like one. 
However, the principal knew about him. So he always did something intentionally so that 
teachers would take him to the principal’s office, and the principal would call his father to tell him about his son’s unlawful records. 
It 
was something he did on a regular basis until it became a habit, as though he took pleasure in demonstrating to his father how spoiled he had become. 
All of his life, he was surrounded by girls. Girls were head over heels for him. But he never looked at them with the eyes of love as if he did not know what love was. 
At some point, he left the university for a few months, and when he returned, he turned into a more aggressive person. His body was built with more muscles and his aura turned darker. He female started to go around with girls. He never made anyone his girlfriend. Although every was aware that he was not interested in pursuing a romantic connection, they continued to try nevertheless; unfortunately, none of them were successful in catching his attention. 
Elora was an ordinary witch at that time. She used to fangirl over him. But she was not the type of shy girl who would stand a distance away and simply observe him in silence. She was bold and daring. 
She would lie if she said she did not feel scared to approach him. She was frightened when she talked to him for the first time. 
He ignored her like she was invisible, which resulted in her developing an even deeper attraction to him. She wanted to have him as her man. 
As the days passed, she started making threats to other women, warning them to keep away from him. The news flew to him and reached his ears. 
One day, he called her to come to him and inquired as to why she continued to waste her time on him. 
no place for love 
That day, she confessed to him that she loved him. He told her that there was no in his life because he did not have a heart. 
From that day on, she made him her obsession. 
A few days later, her mother summoned her to the coven in order to question her over the incident. She was at first shocked by how she knew about it or how Ryan got to know her mother. 
Later, she learned about him. He was the most powerful Alpha that every kind was trying to get in touch with. 
From then on, her stubbornness to have him all to herself only grew stronger. She was too adamant to let him go. 
One time, she fell in danger, and he saved her. 
Sometimes she felt that he was a very down–to–earth person. He never let his parents know about himself. He never showed off his powers to others, 
People were afraid of him because of his aura. He was the one to whom everyone bowed down. He was the Alpha who did not have any fear of anyone and won five wars all by himself without the assistance of any other pack. 
One day, she learned that someone had caught his eye. The man who used to say that he had no heart felt his heart begin to beat for someone else. 
At that time, she felt like dying. 
She almost died. But when he heard about her, he left everything behind and came to save her once again. He gave her a new life. 
He was the one who turned her into a hybrid; otherwise, who had the power to change anyone’s kind? 
She felt like the happiest person in the world the day he went back to his pack. When he declared her his soon–to–be Luna, she thought her struggle to get him had finally ended. 
However, fate was never easy on her. 
Though she turned into his future Luna, she never got into his heart. 
“A betrayer like her will never again have any place in my heart.” 
She heard him muttering. He was gazing out the window. 
She looked at her nails and mumbled, 
“Well, that’s good for me.” 
Hearing her, he turned his head to her. 
Her lips parted as she saw his fiery orange eyes. 
She laughed and shook her head in amusement as she thought of something. 
“They are so terrified of you simply because they have learned about your packs and wars. 
I wonder how they will react when they find out who you are.” 
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129
Allison made her way to Ethan’s car while his driver held the door open for her. Ethan walked around the car and got inside. 
Allison sat in the backseat with Ethan, and the driver started the car. She leaned her head against the seat and asked, 
“Where are we going?” 
“Art Gallery.” 
Allison made a frowning face and then turned to face him. “Art Gallery?” 
“That’s where they decided to go.” 
“Who decided it?” 
“Who else? Your so–called best friend.” 
“Don’t talk about her like this.” 
Ethan snorted and then looked out the window. Have you ever witnessed Wade acting with me in such a manner before? You have a lot of concern for her. However, what exactly is she doing? The way she changed her friendship around because of the power she got, that’s unbelievable. Your choice is really bad, Allison. You never picked the right person to put your faith in. Not everyone is like Ethan, who admitted his fault and made up for it by working hard. 
Allison stared at his face. When he did not hear any response from her, he turned his head. 
“Done?” Allison asked. 
Ethan nodded his head. “Yeah, done.” 
“Good.” She then responded before turning her attention to the window. 
She showed little interest in anything she was being told. She was already upset about what Ryan had done to her father. 
She did not want to go anywhere; she was not in the mood, but since it was Ella’s wish and her duty, she had to go no matter how much she refused it in her heart. 
She could not ignore Ethan’s words entirely. What Teresa was behaving with her was really unexpected. 
Why did she choose the Art Gallery? She could have chosen somewhere else. 
The Art Gallery was very far from the pack house. 
Allison wanted to go and come back soon, but Teresa had chosen the wrong destination. 
“It’s okay. If you don’t feel like going, I will tell Mom not to make you go against your will.” Ethan said before pulling out his phone. 
“No need for that.” 
“I don’t want your sulky mood there. If you want to go, then go there in a good mood.” 
“Tsk.” 
She placed her hand on the rim of the window and then brought her palm up to cover her face. She closed her eyes. She was not feeling well at all. 
She did not sleep well at night. She had to go to school early in the morning. Now she would 
have to go 
somewhere far; who knew when she would get the chance to go back home and sleep peacefully? 
Approximately six cars were going in the same direction. Everyone, whoever was passing the cars, glanced at them with awe. 
Ethan glanced at Allison. Her head was tilted to the side. She fell asleep. 
She ended up falling asleep. 
He reached out his hand and placed her head on his shoulder. He cupped her cheek and gently stroked it with his thumb. 
“Only a few days left. After that, I will make you mine: I will never let you complain about anything again.” 
The ride was long. 
The cars stopped in front of a restaurant. The owner of the restaurant was standing outside the restaurant with all of his staff. 
Wade was the first person to exit the car when they arrived. The owner greeted him with a bow and said, “Beta Wade, it’s a pleasure to meet you. It is a privilege that we were able to talk to you. I furnished the whole place when I heard Alpha would come here with his guests.” 
“That’s good.” 
Everyone except Ethan and Allison got out of the car and walked to the entrance of the 
restaurant. 
“Where is your Alpha?” Vernon asked Wade. 
Everyone’s attention went to Wade. 
Wade turned around to look at Ethan’s car and was stunned. Others‘ attention shifted to the 
car. 
Through the window glass, everyone could see Ethan and Allison, and both of their eyes were closed. Allison had fallen asleep while being held in Ethan’s arms. His hand was wrapped around her shoulder in a protective manner. 
“Nice. Alpha Ethan is really romantic. Look at him. His Luna is so precious to him. He even let his Luna lean on him.” Ella said. 
Her voice was audible to those around her since it was quite loud. Nevertheless, her remarks pointed to a solitary individual. 
She gave him a friendly smile before asking, “Don’t you think the same, Ryan?” 
She thought he would not respond to anything. However, Ryan muttered, “Indeed.” Wade cleared his throat and looked at Ryan. 
“Alpha, you can enter the restaurant first. Soon, Alpha Ethan will be there to accompany you.” 
Ryan gave him the side eye and then gave him a nod. His expression was unruffled and 
unconcerned. 
It was impossible for someone who was not familiar with him to suppose that he had been Allison’s ex–boyfriend. 
Wade glanced at the owner of the restaurant and introduced Ryan. 
“He is Alpha Ryan, the head Alpha of the Black Moon pack. He is here as an honored guest. Don’t give him the opportunity to be dissatisfied with his decision to eat at your restaurant.‘ 
“B–Black M–Moon Pack?” The owner stumbled over his words. 
who did not know about the Black Moon pack and its Alpha? Everyone trembled in their boots before him. He was in disbelief that he would have the opportunity to serve him. 
“Please come inside.” The owner said politely, and all the staff rushed inside to welcome him and others. 
Everyone entered the establishment while admiring the exquisite decor of the fancy 
restaurant. 
Wade strode to Ethan’s car and knocked on the glass of the window next to Ethan. 
Ethan opened her eyes and rolled down the window. 
“You are awake?” 
“Hmm.” 
“Then why didn’t you wake her up?” 
“She is sleeping.” 
“Bro, you need to quit being such a crazy lover and come clean. Try acting like a professional for just a second. I am aware of the reasons for your decision to remain inside the car at that time.” 
Allison’s sleep was rudely awakened by Wade’s voice. She opened her eyes and rubbed them with her fingers. 
“She has woken up. Now come out to join others. I am going inside.” Wade said and headed. towards the restaurant. 
Allison realized that she was leaning on Ethan. She immediately pushed his hand lightly and sat up straight. 
“I am sorry.” 
She thought she had fallen asleep and leaned on him unknowingly. 
“What is there to apologize for?” Ethan asked and got out of the car. 
Allison took out her phone and opened the front camera to see her face and hair. When she saw everything was okay, she reached for the door lock. But before that, Ethan opened the door for her. 
She got out of the car and thanked him for assisting her. 
They entered the restaurant together. The owner rushed to Ethan and bowed to him and Allison. 
“I can’t believe my good luck that you chose to dine here, Alpha.” 
He smiled and greeted Allison as he turned to face her. 
“Good afternoon, Luna.” 
Allison realized that they had not had their lunch yet. They left the pack house at midday, following the meeting that had just concluded. Consequently, the cars came to a halt in order to enjoy their late lunch. 
She smiled at the owner and nodded at him. 
“Please, this way.” He pointed them in the direction of a stairway made of wood. 
Allison cast her gaze all over the restaurant. But something caught her off guard when she saw the stairs. 
Her legs froze when she carefully examined the restaurant once again. It was not long before his heart began to race. 
She was unfamiliar with the restaurant’s particular style of decoration. However, she 
recognized the staircase immediately. 
“What happened?” Ethan asked her. 
She did not reply to him and glanced at the owner. 
“Do you, by any chance, change the decoration of your restaurant?” 
The owner looked shocked. “Yes, Luna. How do you know? We changed the decorations when we heard that Alpha was coming here. We rejected every reservation and tried to furnish everything to give it an appealing look. We wanted to make you all sit at a long dining table that we organized really well.” The owner said while pointing his hand to a large table that was decked up with bouquets of flowers and bottles of wine. 
to to secure 
“But Alpha Ryan asked for the rooftop, and we were a table there. So everyone is currently lounging around on the roof right now.” 
Allison tapped the tips of her lips together and looked down at the ground while nodding her head. Ethan followed her as she headed up the staircase but did not ask her any questions along the way. 
When she got up to the rooftop, she felt a pang in her heart. 
The open sky and forest view inmade her heart shudder. 
The owner did not change anything here. Allison only saw the change on the table. Instead of a single table for two people, there was a large table with seating for a number of people. 
Her 
eyes 
es met with the person, who brought her here once to confess his feelings for her. It was the same restaurant where Ryan proposed to her two years ago. 
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130
Allison stared at the dark eyes, which were so cold that she felt frozen. 
She remembered how he got down on one knee in front of her and grasped her hand. He had explained to her that he was unable to offer her a ring, but instead, he gave her a necklace that was really precious to him. 
Ryan looked away from Allison. She lowered her head and lifted her hand. She caressed a locket that hid under her dress. 
“Why did you stop? Are you not feeling well?” 
As Ethan’s voice reached her ears, her fingers curled. She gave a slight shake of her head before approaching the table. 
When Wade looked over, he noticed that Ethan and Allison were getting closer. He was about to rise up. However, Ethan motioned for him not to stand up because he was in the middle of eating. 
Ethan pulled a chair for Allison. Allison silently sat in the chair. 
“Sorry, we started first. Don’t mind us.” Elora spoke out to Allison. 
“It’s okay. Please eat. I apologize for my inconvenient behavior. I should be with you when you enter.” 
“That doesn’t matter. We were able to observe how romantic your Alpha is. The way he dozed off while holding you in his arms…” Elora paused and turned her gaze to Ethan, then continued, 
“It looked like a habit. It seems that the two of you always do that.” 
Allison ignored everything happening around her. She started eating with her head lowered down. 
Ethan gave Elora his full attention before casting a glance across to Ryan, who appeared unfazed by whatever it was that Elora had said. 
“We are couples. Cuddling is something that comes very naturally to couples.” Ethan said and moved his gaze to Elora once again. 
Ethan’s smile faded when his eyes turned dark. Elora averted his gaze and then turned to face Ryan. 
“What are your thoughts?” 
Ryan halted moving the fork. /‘About what?” He asked. 
“About cuddling.” Elora replied. 
He furrowed his brows. She locked her arm with him and questioned him again, 
“What do you think? What is the best place for cuddling? Bed or car, like they were doing?” Allison raised her head and glanced at Elora’s arm. She chewed food, but she lost her appetite. 
She took a glance at her surroundings and immediately felt worse. If she had known that they were planning on coming to this restaurant, she likely would not have approved of their decision to come here. 
“In the woods.” Ryan replied to Elora. 
All of a sudden, everyone heard the sound of a fork hitting the plate. 
They turned their heads in the direction of Allison. Her finger became unbalanced and her fork ended up falling onto her plate, which resulted in a loud noise. 
In the meantime, Allison quickly batted her eyelids. To keep herself under control, she balled up her empty hand. 
The response from Ryan shook her heart. 
It took her back to the night of her father’s birthday. 
Under the moonlight and close to the lake, he cuddled with her, and she fell asleep in his arms in the woods. 
She blinked her eyes rapidly in an effort to stop any tears from escaping them. 
Why was it that every word he spoke, everything he did, and even he himself served as a constant reminder of her past? 
She sensed someone putting their arm around her shoulder and rubbing it. “What happened?” 
She turned to her side. Ethan appeared to be concerned. She gave a slight nod in response. He gazed intently into her eyes. His eyes began to darken as if he could read what was in her eyes. He removed his arm from her and turned his head to Ryan, who was also looking at him. 
Everyone at the table could feel the tension that was building up. 
There was nothing to act on. Each and everyone at the table knew the past relationship between Ryan and Allison. There was nothing to hide. 
Ethan was going to say something to Ryan, but Elora interrupted him and said something instead. 
“That’s why you hugged me that night? I told you I wanted to go back home. How stupid I was! You should have told me that you like it.” 
When Allison heard Elora, she immediately turned her attention to Ryan. Ryan turned to Elora and said, 
“Private life should be private.” 
“Look who’s talking.” Ethan mocked. 
“You are right. You can not share the moment that you spent with your special person.” Once more, Elora was the one to interrupt Ethan. 
It really irritated Ethan. He could not help but cast an angry look in Elora’s direction. 
There was disdain in her eyes when she gazed back at him. 
“Everyone, eat fast. We have to get going so we can visit the Art Gallery.” Teresa spoke out. Max nodded his head in agreement. 
Both Vernon and Owen were keeping their silence as they observed the other people. 
After having a meal, everyone stood up. Allison took one final look across the rooftop before following the others down the stairs. 
They traveled for a total of one hour and a half before arriving at the Art Gallery. 
This was the first time Allison came here. She got down of the car and looked at the two–story building. 
‘CROWN ART GALLERY‘ was written outside the building. 
She made her way into the gallery. The hallway was quite extensive. Visitors were able to view a large number of paintings that were displayed there. 
There were numerous visitors there, and they all strolled around while gazing at the many artworks. 
The guests‘ attention was truly grabbed by the white wall that featured vivid paintings housed in large wooden frames. 
Elora pointed at a painting to show Teresa and took her a little far. 
While they were looking at the painting, Ryan and his officials were walking around. 
Allison was accompanied by Ethan as they walked. 
“That’s you.” 
He stopped in front of a painting. When Allison glanced at it, she noticed that it was a painting of a wolf with white fur and blue eyes. 
She looked down at the title, which was written below the painting with blue ink. 
‘Beautiful Omega‘ 
She stared at the wolf carefully, but suddenly something hit her mind. She turned to look at Ethan 
“How do you say that it looks like my wolf?” she asked him 
Because not every omega did not have white wolves and blue eyes. There were other Omegas paintings too. 
Ethan gave her a warm grin but did not respond to her question. She wondered whether or not she had ever shifted in front of him. Perhaps he had seen her when they were both still young. However, she was unable to recall ever running with him. 
They walked ahead and saw Elora standing in front of a painting. Since everyone was hunting for their kind in the paintings, Allison refrained from disturbing her in any way. She walked past her. 
However, Ethan came to a stop and gazed at the painting. 
A woman with dark hair and a pair of green eyes. She was looking at the moon as the moonlight fell over her. 
Ethan looked at the title and muttered, 
“Lunar Witch?” 
###Chapter 131
Chapter 131
The unexpected voice jolted Elora out of her complacency. When she turned her head, she noticed that Ethan had stepped next to her and was standing beside her. 
His gaze was glued on the painting in front of him. Elora looked at his profile from the side. He was a very attractive young man. 
It was not like she could compare his appearance to Ryan. 
Because they were both appealing to the eye. 
When he turned his head and looked into her eyes, her eyes glowed green. Almost instantly, he turned his gaze away from her. 
Elora laughed derisively at his response. She refocused her attention on the painting. 
“What brings you to stare at this painting like that? You are not a Lunar witch. Hybrid’s painting is there.” He made the statement as he regarded a painting that was located a few blocks away from where they were standing. 
“How can I forget my first identity?” She mumbled in a lower tone. 
Ethan was an Alpha. He was able to pick up on her every word. 
“First identity?” 
Elora did not reply to him and instead continued to mend her gaze on the woman portrayed in the painting. 
In addition to that, Ethan also turned his attention to the painting. He remembered a lunar witch he was familiar with. 
“Have you ever come across one in person?” Elora’s question came out of the blue. 
“What?” 
“Have you ever met a Lunar witch?” 
“Of course. I know a very powerful witch. Her power and ability are unimaginable. Lunar witches got their 
power directly from the moonlight. That is why they are called Lunar witches. 
“Who is she?” 
“Georgiana James.” 
Elora’s brows immediately furrowed at hearing the name. Her eyes shone with anguish and despair. 
“She is my pack’s member. Not only that, she is my father’s very close friend. On every important occasion, she comes here to greet me.” 
“Nice. So she has met you already.” 
“What do you mean?” He inquired while glancing at her. 
Elora let out a sigh and shook her head in response. “Nothing.” 
She started walking toward the painting that Ethan was referring to. 
Unintentionally, Ethan followed after her. She stopped in front of a painting of a gray wolf with green eyes. 
She gulped when she saw the wolf. Her eyes gleamed with the reflection of tears. 
“Supreme Hybrid” 
Ethan said it as he glanced at the title. 
“Not bad. No doubt you have an amazing rank. But you can’t deny that you are different from 
us.” 
“Do you despise it?” 
Her sudden question stunned him, but he replied while scrutinizing the painting. 
“No. But…” 
He paused without finishing the sentence. She had an understanding of what he was going to say. But she was completely blameless in the matter. She was not born like that. 
Ethan glanced at her but was taken aback when he noticed tears running down her cheeks. “Why are you crying?” 
She shook her head and wiped her tears. She turned to look around and saw Ryan staring at her. Even though he already had a scowl on his face, when he noticed Elora’s tears, his expression 
worsened. 
He approached her and enquired, 
“Why are you crying?” 
His eyes shifted to Ethan. He glared at him and asked, “What did you say to her?” 
At that time, they attract others‘ attention. 
Allison was looking around the hall all alone. She was examining all the paintings with titles she had passed. 
Suddenly, her eyes fell on Ethan and Ryan. They did not look in a good mood. Ryan looked angry. 
She rushed to them and stood next to Ethan.. 
“What happened?” She asked Ethan, but when her eyes fell on Elora, she was astounded. 
Elora was crying while staring at Ryan without saying anything. 
“I didn’t say anything.” Ethan replied to Ryan. He was also glaring at Ryan since Ryan was the first one to approach him furiously. 
“He did not say anything. Don’t fight.” Elora whispered to Ryan and lowered her head. 
Ryan did not shift his eyes from Ethan. He stepped towards him, which made Allison afraid that he would start the fight. 
But Ryan stood in front of Ethan and warned him, 
“Keep your distance from her. Just focus on the woman who you have chosen as your Luna.” Allison was stunned by his remarks. Why did he bring her into their conversation? 
Why did he bother to threaten Ethan in the first place? When did Ethan show interest in Elora or get close to her? 
In fact, Ethan talked about Elora’s rank, and she stopped him from saying anything about it. 
Then why? 
She turned to Ethan and asked, 
“What did you do?” 
He looked at her and was silent for a few seconds. He sighed and replied, 
“I didn’t say anything. We were just looking at her rank. She got emotional about it. Believe me, I can’t look at anyone when you are in front of me.” 
Allison averted her gaze from him. She looked at Ryan and said, 
“You are misunderstanding him. He had done nothing. If you still have problems, then don’t leave the woman you have chosen as your Luna alone, and only focus on her.” 
Allison gave him his own answer back on his face and grabbed Ethan’s hand. Ethan gazed at her hand. She pulled him along with her. He cast a brief look over at Elora, who was still staring at Ryan, and then his gaze shifted to Ryan, who was giving Allison a furious look. Then he turned his attention back to Allison and walked with her. 
Ryan turned around to look at Elora. She immediately lowered her head. His eyes fell on the painting. 
“Did I make you a hybrid to see the tears in your eyes?” 
He questioned her as he focused his attention on the painting. 
She gave a little shake of the head and glanced at the painting once again. 
“It brought back memories of the very first time I shifted. I–I was trembling with fear that time. I could not believe that I had turned into a wolf.” She exclaimed. When she thought about her past experiences, her lips quivered. 
Meanwhile, Ethan stopped Allison from walking any further. 
“Do you really think I did anything?” 
Allison glared angrily in his direction. “You must have mentioned something about her rank, right? If that’s not the case, then why does a confident lady like her shedding tears?” 
“I just want to tell you that I only love you. No matter who will try to stand in our way. I will always love you.” t 
Allison was surprised by his sudden confession. 
“What are you saying?” 
“I told you to remember that. It’s my promise to you.” 
Allison could not understand what had happened to him so suddenly. 
“Listen, I don’t give a damn what you-” 
Allison paused when her eyes fell behind Ethan. She could see Elora and Ryan a little far from them. 
She felt her heart shudder while looking at them. 
Elora was trying to say something while lowering her head, but Ryan interrupted her by pulling her into his embrace and hugging her. 
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132
Ethan observed the distressed expression on her face and asked, 
“Where are you looking?” 
He turned to see what she was looking at. He witnessed Ryan giving Elora a hug. While she was crying, he was trying to calm her down by patting her head. 
Ethan made his way back around to face Allison while gritting his teeth and telling her, 
stop looking at them.” 
Allison then averted her gaze and proceeded to the opposite side, leaving him there. 
She was at a loss to understand why she continued to experience pain whenever she saw him. 
Her heart was ripped in two by the sight of him holding another woman. She did want to see any of these. 
“This was what I wanted. I always wanted him to be happy with someone else who deserves. him. So I should not feel upset when he finds someone better than me. He cares for her. He must have feelings for her. Two years is a really long time. If he cared so much for me when I was his girlfriend, then he may care double for Elora since she is going to be his wife.‘ She thought while walking. 
She had been thinking deeply when she unexpectedly collided with another person. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She said and looked at the person. 
It was Teresa. 
Allison’s upset face turned furious. Teresa looked away from her and was about to pass her. But Allison grabbed her hand and pulled her to a corner so that others could not feel disturbed. “Why are you ignoring me?” 
Even though Allison had made the decision not to talk to her, she was unable to refrain from doing so when she saw her standing in front of her. 
Teresa was silent. She was looking at the floor. 
“You went abroad and changed yourself. You did not contact me. In fact, you changed your preference, or, I would say, you changed your best friend.” 
Teresa looked at her when she heard her. She shook her head and replied, 
“You are the one who has changed first.” 
“Me? How? Am I the one who is ignoring you? Am I the one who is behaving like you are no one to me?” 
“How could you leave Ryan for Ethan?” Teresa asked. 
The hold that Allison had on Teresa’s wrist began to loosen. She gave her a frowning look. ” What is it with you?” 
“Allison, he is my Alpha.” 
Allison scoffed when she heard her best friend. She could not believe that just because of her pack’s head Alpha, her best friend, was reacting like that to her. 
“My relationship with him should not matter to you. You are my friend. But you are acting as though you are not familiar with me at all. Why? Just because I broke up my relationship with him?” 
‘You didn’t break up. You betrayed him. You accepted Ethan’s marriage proposal when you were already committed to him.” 
“He told you this?” 
“Is there a lie?” 
“No. But whether I betray him or not, that’s our personal matter. Are you reacting to me based on that fact? You decided to break our friendship and extend your hand toward your soon–to- be Luna of your new pack. Very well done, Teresa. I didn’t expect that from you. 
“Neither did I expect that from you. It was hard for me to believe that you did it. But when Ryan told me what you had told him, you broke my heart. Because my best friend Allison can not say those things. She was not a greedy woman. Then how could she have changed in the little amount of time that I was away?” 
Allison stared at Teresa. She wanted to tell her that if she believed what Ryan said to her, then she was never her true friend. 
She should have felt that there was something that stopped Allison. She should have shown. some belief in her. 
“You are right. I have evolved through time. I changed myself totally from the day I realized that I was going to become this pack’s Luna. Since you don’t like to be my friend anymore, you don’t have to. I will never force you. I want to thank you for being there for me as my support system for all these years. Teresa, I am grateful to you for everything. I will always remember you.” 
After she finished saying that, Allison made an attempt to leave, but Teresa’s voice prevented her. 
“Allison” 
She turned to look at her and noticed that Teresa’s eyes were glittering. 
Allison looked away from her and said, 
“You chose the right thing. You are the beta’s wife. I heard you have great power in your pack. Additionally, I saw how you were going to attend the meeting, which clearly declared capabilities. I hope that you will shine even brighter in your future.” 
your 
Allison turned and started to stroll in the Art Gallery alone. She noticed many parents came with their children. She saw many couples come to visit and chat with each other. She 
witnessed many friends come together to enjoy their holiday. 
Allison felt all alone in her life. She did not have any relationships in her life right then. 
She did not have a good relationship with her parents. 
She did not have the person whom she used to call her best friend. 
She was unable to be with the person she loved. 
“All alone.” She mumbled. 
She wanted to go back home. 
All of a sudden, her gaze shifted to an old woman. 
Allison strode towards her and stopped next to her. 
“Grandma, how are you?” 
The old woman turned to her. She looked at her with a grin in her emerald eyes. Allison was shocked to see her face so clearly. Her wrinkles started to fade away, her white hair turned shiny, and a glow seemed to appear on her face. 
It seemed as though she was not growing older but rather getting younger. 
“I am fine. What about you?” The old woman asked her. 
“I am okay, Grandma. It’s been a while. Where are you nowadays? After the day that we had. our last meeting, I never saw you at the bus stop again.” 
It was the old woman she used to meet on the bus. The last time she met her was when Ryan was with her. That was the last time they crossed paths. After that day, she never saw her again. 
The old woman smiled at her warmly before turning her attention to the painting that was in front of her. 
“That was a fortunate day for me. I was given an opportunity that I could not have ever foreseen obtaining in my entire life.” 
Allison was very confused by what she was saying. She shifted her attention to the painting that the old woman was studying. 
The moment her eyes caught the painting, she was startled. 
It was a painting of a giant black wolf. What frightened others were his eyes. 
A pair of glowing dark orange eyes. 
Allison slowly looked at the title that was written below the painting with golden ink. 
She felt a shiver run through her entire body when she read it in a lower tone. “Almighty Trueblood Alpha” 
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133
As her wolf howled from within, Allison’s entire body began to tremble. 
She took a step back, but she was unable to pull her gaze away from the painting. She had no idea why her wolf was howling or why she was feeling uneasy. 
“Don’t worry. She will be okay in some time.” 
She heard the old woman. She turned to her and asked, 
“I–I am…” She was at a loss for words. 
“I can understand. Your wolf is feeling submissive to the thought of the wolf.” The old woman explained. 
She knew and felt many things. She was the fire witch, Aurelia. She progressed into a more powerful witch after becoming a member of the coven. 
Allison calmed her wolf and gazed at Aurelia. 
“Grandma, I have never heard of this rank.” 
Aurelia looked at the painting while asking, 
“Why? Didn’t your parents tell you about ranks?” 
“No. Not much.” 
“True Blood is the rarest rank. Once every hundred years, a wolf with true blood rank is born. Thousands of years ago, only Alpha men and women mates could give birth to true blood.
However, True Blood is a cold–blooded wolf. The two Alpha genes were something they would have to handle together inside them. It made them powerful and aggressive at the same time. Even Lycans were afraid of them.” 
Allison listened to Aurelia with great attention. She felt interested. It was something new she was learning. 
She was completely unaware of the True Blood Alphas. 
“Then why does it become so rare?” She asked. 
“Moon Goddess decided to reserve these wolves since they are her most precious creatures. She bestowed upon these wolves the ability to wield strength and an aura that caused others to bow down to them.” 
“Oh, so every wolf is scared of them?” 
“Not only wolves, but every moon creature recognizes them by their scent. Their scent has the power to subdue anyone in front of them. They came as a blessing from the Moon Goddess. The color of their eyes used to be red like any other Alphas, but with their power and abilities, it changed colors and turned orange. It differentiates them from ordinary Alphas. 
Even though being an Alpha werewolf is already considered to be the most powerful rank in the werewolf world, True Blood Alphas are considered to be the most powerful of all moon 
creatures. 
Because of the blood in their veins‘ they have the ability to change any kind. 
We witches never submit to any Alpha because we are here to help the werewolves, yet in front of a true blood Alpha, we are required to submit without having any say in the matter. This is the
significance the Moon Goddess gave them. 
Your abilities are nothing in comparison to his, regardless of how highly ranked 
you are.” 
Allison felt that she was listening to the history of her ancestors‘ times. Because a powerful wolf like this one could not possibly exist at this time. 
In this modern world, who could handle power like this? Even if this wolf were born, he might be leading a very traditional life. 
Suddenly, she was curious about something. 
“Grandma, is there any true blood Alpha in this world right now?” 
Aurelia was silent for a few seconds. Allison thought she would not answer any more questions. So she turned to the painting and tried to observe the wolf. 
“Who knows? Maybe yes?” Aurelia mumbled and turned to Allison. 
Allison gradually turned her attention to her. She noticed something odd in her stare. 
“How? How is it possible that nobody is aware of it?” 
“Perhaps he is keeping his identity a secret in order to prevent himself from destroying everything he dislikes. But no matter what, every moon creature will remain loyal to him because it is fated to be so. He is our Alpha. He doesn’t need a pack to rule. He is ruling over us, giving us his shadow, and providing us power to live long.” 
For a moment, Allison felt scared by Aurelia’s words. It was like she knew the true blood Alpha, and he was helping her. 
She gulped and nodded at her. “I got it.” 
She glanced at others and realized that she was far from them. She came to a different block. Besides her, there were so many paintings of witches on the walls around her. And where she was standing was the last painting. 
She assumed that this must be the reason why it was not shown in the first block. Because little children might be frightened? Or is it due to the fact that its existence is a distinct possibility? 
Allison’s attention shifted back to Aurelia. She noticed she was looking somewhere else. Allison followed her gaze and discovered that Ryan was looking at Aurelia. 
She was surprised. Suddenly, she remembered the day when she met Aurelia last. That day, Ryan did not get on the bus, and she saw Aurelia looking at Ryan outside the bus. 
“Do you know him?” She asked Aurelia. 
Aurelia turned her head toward Allison and nodded at her. 
“Who doesn’t know Alpha Ryan?” 
Her question astounded Allison. Then she thought that now everyone knew that Ryan was the 
head Alpha of the Black Moon pack. 
“Yeah. He is a very powerful Alpha. He is Alpha Neil’s son. So he came here to visit his brother’s pack just now.” Allison said. 
“He did not come here to visit his family. He has his own reasons to come here.” 
“Grandma, do you know something? I know you can feel and see many things. You even told me about my wolf before. Can you please enlighten me on something I don’t know?” 
“You look desperate, dear.” 
Allison lowered her head. She was hopeless. Because she was unable to maintain any of the relationships she ever had in her life. She cast a quick glance in the direction of Ryan, who could not be found anywhere in the hall. 
Aurelia gave her a reassuring smile despite her apparent distress. She comforted her by putting her hand on her shoulder and saying, 
“Dear, you still have a ways to go. You have to get back to being yourself.” 
Allison looked into her green eyes. She could feel sadness. 
Was she upset with her? 
Why? 
What did she witness that caused her to feel such sorrow? 
“Because of some wrong decisions, you lost a great opportunity to be happy in your life.” 
Allison was not surprised by her words because she could perceive a lot of things. Therefore, she listened to her with her head down. 
“I am sorry, my child. But there is something I want to alert you to.” 
Allison looked at her and asked, 
“What, grandma?” 
Aurelia removed her hand from her shoulder and replied, 
“A disaster has arrived in your life and has already wrapped you up inside. Now you have no way but to embrace it.” 
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134
Allison’s mind went in a variety of different directions as she watched the constantly shifting scenery in front of her. 
She was muddled by what Aurelia had said to her. 
What type of warning were others giving her? 
She recalled the night when Witch Georgiana told her the same thing. She told her about some 
disaster. 
What could it be? 
Her mind went to Ryan. 
The way he came out as the powerful Alpha everyone tried to reach made her think that something was related to him. 
“What are you thinking?” 
Allison heard Ethan’s voice beside her. 
They were returning to the pack house from the art gallery. They departed from there one hour ago. 
After talking with Aurelia, Allison was forfeited in reflections. She left the art gallery with a messy mind. 
“Nothing.” She replied. 
“What were you talking about with that old woman?” He asked. Additionally, he had 
witnessed her conversing with the witch. 
Allison turned to him. “She claimed that a disaster had already taken place in my life. I was thinking about it. Do you have any idea what she was talking about?” 
Ethan thought she was referring to him as the disaster. 
He looked at her hands and grabbed one of them. Allison did not try to stop him and instead remained calm as she observed what he was attempting to do. 
“Allison. I want to say sorry to you. If I had not turned you down by the rejection, maybe things would not be as messed up in our lives as they are now.” 
Allison turned her attention away from him. He proceeded to stroke the back of her hand with his thumbs. 
“I am at a loss for words to express my regret to you. I can’t give you back your fruitful life, * even if I want to. But I would like to make a commitment.‘ 
She only listened to him without responding to him, nor did she remove her hand from his. 
“I will always try to make you happy. I will treat your parents the same way that I treat mine. No matter how many battles I end up victorious in, you three will always hold a special place in my heart.” 
Allison felt a warmth in her heart from his words. It was not a lie to say that he really took care of her and her parents for the last two years. 
He never let her parents feel the absence of a son in their lives. Even though it was his fault for forcing her to stay in his life against her will, he never stopped making an effort to protect her in every way he could. 
Was it always his fault? 
Was it not her fault for not rejecting him in front of others? 
Was it not her parents‘ fault to forcibly tie her to him? 
“I know you used to love Ryan. But it is clear that he is seeing another woman at this time. Perhaps it was written in the stars for him to arrive here with another woman in order to prove to us that we were destined to be together. The woman is important to him, and he is important to her. So I think it’s time for us to think about our marriage. Our wedding is so close to us. In this one month, let’s give us time to understand each other and forget everything about our past. You were with him only for a few months but you were with me from childhood. We have spent a lot of time together. Over the course of the past two years, I have never once compelled you to welcome me within your heart. But since now the man you loved has already his woman, you should move on.” 
Allison froze in her seat without moving. Every word Ethan had told her was true. 
She felt a pair of warm lips kiss the back of her hand and then rested it back on her lap. 
“Give it some thought.” After saying this, he switched his attention to the window. 
Allison gradually turned to him, and his side profile caught her eye. 
He looked serious, but he also looked lost. 
For the first time, she felt that Ethan was looking in the same state as her. 
She tried to guess why Ethan suddenly started to say those things to her. 
What was bothering him so suddenly? 
Even a few days before, he had the confidence in himself to tide her with him. But why did he suddenly want her approval? 
Was he feeling insecure after seeing Ryan? 
Or was there something else? 
Allison thought about herself, too. 
“The disaster people are alerting me-” She spoke out, but he interrupted her while turning his head toward her. 
“Let’s overcome the disaster together.” 
Allison was not the type of woman who could change her mind or herself in the space of a few seconds or for the sake of convenience. 
She believed that he would never be able to fill the void in her heart. And what he said about time was a misconception. 
What she had felt with Ryan in a few months was something she had never felt with Ethan in 
many years. 
So, thinking that it will take a long time to be in love is wrong. 
Sometimes, only a few moments are enough to make you fall in love with a person. 
And sometimes, even if you spend your entire life with a person, there is no guarantee that you will ever develop romantic feelings for him. 
Allison sighed and looked at the front through the windshield, 
Ryan’s car was in front of theirs. She could see him from the back of his car. 
Elora’s head was resting on his shoulder. They looked like they were in a peaceful 
environment. No one was there to disturb them. 
Allison assumed they were very close to each other. Ryan might spend a lot of time with her besides ruling his giant pack. She remembered that at the table, Elora mentioned his hugging her in the woods. 
ime to 
Allison looked away from them and thought that it was time to behave like a mature woman. 
The past was the past. She could not let it come into her future. 
‘In teenage life, people can make mistakes and break up their relationships. But that doesn’t mean they will stick with it forever. Life can not stop for anyone.” 
Her eyes then shifted to Ethan, who appeared disturbed for some unknown reason. 
He looked at the driver and instructed him, 
“Simply cross the car and proceed. We have no interest in being privy to the details of someone else’s love life.” 
His voice was cold, and the driver immediately passed Ryan’s car to save his life from his Alpha’s anger. 
Allison observed Ethan’s weird behavior while saying, 
“I will think about it.” 
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135
The next morning, Allison woke up early and got ready for school. Last night, she returned home directly. The cars did not stop in front of any restaurants since everyone had decided to return first and then have a late dinner. But she did not go back to the pack house to have dinner with others. 
When she reached her home, she caught a glimpse of her parents‘ upset mood. Despite the fact that she, too, was distressed by it, she chose not to discuss it with them. 
Allison wore blue a crop top and black jeans for her outfit today. She put on her sneakers and dashed out of the room as quickly as she could. 
She glanced at the table when she went downstairs. Her parents were quietly consuming their breakfast at the time. When they saw her, Her mother immediately summoned her and said, “Allison, come have breakfast with us.” 
“No, mom. Thanks.” After replying, she headed to the door. 
“Stop being so stubborn. It has been quite some time since you last ate a meal with us. Why are you doing this?” Her father stood up and turned around to ask her. 
She remembered how adorable the bond she had with her father was. But the altered everything. 
“I am getting late, Dad.” She said and opened the door. 
passage of time 
“You are still adamant about the man who brought your father’s reputation into disrepute in front of other people?” He asked with a defeated tone. 
Allison did not make any attempt to turn around. After clearing her throat, she said, 
“You gave me options to choose from. I did. Now I have nothing to do with that man. 
entirely up to you to decide how you will deal with him and how you will respond is 
the 
behavior he displays toward you. I request you not to conclude that any of my acts are in any way connected to him.” Saying that, Allison left the house. 
After she had arrived at her school, she headed straight to the first lesson that was on her schedule. 
When it was break time, she and her new friends, Ciara and Diva, came across her. 
The three of them headed to the cafeteria together. Allison could see through the windows that there was a crowd of people congregating near the entrance. 
“What’s the deal with all these people?” She inquired with her friends. 
“Your best friend is coming to visit her old school today. What, you didn’t know that?” Ciara asked. 
Allison was aware that they would stop by for a visit at some point, but she had no idea that it would be today. 
“So everyone is gathered there for her?” She questioned herself and was surprised that people really cared so much about Teresa. 
“No, not because of her. Ryan has returned to the pack, too. So they want to see him once again, especially girls.” Diva replied with a lower tone. She thought it would be awkward to talk about Ryan in front of Allison. 
Allison rolled her eyes as she recalled the days when Ryan was known throughout their school as the school’s most famous playboy. 
Suddenly, her phone began to ring. She saw that it was Ethan. 
“Hello?” 
Come outside. I am on the way to your school.” Ethan said and cut the call. 
Allison stared at her phone while thinking about what could be the reason for his sudden visit. 
She realized that he was playing the role of Alpha in order to go around the pack and check on them just like yesterday. 
‘So I have to be with them again?‘ She thought and felt irritated. 
“Ethan is outside. I am going to him.” She said to her friends. 
They nodded their heads. Ciara said that they also wanted to go outside. So Allison walked with them towards the entrance area. 
She noticed that the crowd was beginning to cheer. She thought that Ryan had already arrived at the school, which was the reason why the students, particularly the girls, were screaming. 
Students in the center of the gathering started to split up as she moved closer to the crowd in order to make space for her to get closer to the visitors. 
“I can’t wait to see her reaction. Her ex–boyfriend is here.” A girl said to others, which reached Allison’s ears. 
She guessed that no one had known about Ryan’s identity as the head Alpha yet. She believed that Ryan’s visit to school would not create problems for her daily life. 
“Look at him! How much more attractive he has gotten! He turned into a manly and handsome figure. Look at his clothes; he came here in formal clothes. I really can’t believe 
what I’m seeing. I am witnessing the appearance of a Greek god! But why are there so many guards accompanying him?” 
Allison kept listening to the girls while heading outside. 
“Who is the beautiful young woman?” 
“What gives her the right to grab Ryan’s arm in that manner?” 
“Is she dating him?” 
“Oh, no way. I have no doubt that she is one of his flings. Have you forgotten his mindset? Girls can only be with him for a night.” 
Allison was astounded by the other girls‘ gossip. Due to the manner in which they had been discussing Elora, she knew that they would be shocked when she learned of her being the soon 
to–be Luna of the Black Moon pack. 
She came out of the crowd and took in the sights of the visitors. Teresa and Elora were talking 
about something. Ryan and his officials were standing beside them. She noticed that Gamma Colin had also come today. Because yesterday he did not join them to visit the art gallery. He was kind of
a cold man compared to other officials. Because she knew the other three but was unfamiliar with him. 
Ethan’s car stopped beside the other cars. Wade and Ethan came out of the car. 
Students bowed to Ethan while standing. 
“Alpha” 
The boys greeted him while standing where they were. 
Ethan showed his appreciation for them by nodding his head and extending his hand to 
Allison. 
Allison reached out and grasped his hand before standing next to him since she was the future Luna. She would have to show formality in front of others. 
“Today I come here to introduce someone special to you all.” Ethan said to others. 
Students paid careful attention to him as he spoke. Girls were unable to pull their eyes away from Ryan while boys felt a little uneasy from Ryan and his officials‘ scents. They were feeling a little submissive toward Ryan, which really shocked them. 
“Meet the head Alpha of the Black Moon Pack, Alpha Ryan. Though he was one of the students of this school like you before, today he came here to visit like an Alpha. So treat him and don’t disappoint any of his people.” 
Allison fixed her gaze on Ethan. The manner in which he presented Ryan, which was filled with so much respect, is enough to win anyone’s heart. 
She cast a quick glance in Ryan’s direction and assumed that he would converse in a formal manner with the other people given that he had been doing so for the last two days. 
But her assumption turned out to be wrong when he spoke out. 
“Hello, guys. Missed me?” 
The girls screamed their throats out. “YES.” 
Ryan smirked and nodded his head. 
“Considering how much you’ve all missed me while I was gone, what do you think about me 
buying your university?” 
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136
Everyone was shocked that Ryan was the head Alpha of the dreadful Black Moon Pack. They were powerless to stop the fear that was rising up within them. They used to obey him as their head Alpha Neil’s son, but now he turned out to be a powerful man whom everyone had always heard about. 
No one spoke out in answer to Ryan when he asked about buying the university. 
Behind his sunglasses, Ethan rolled his eyes and remarked, “Our principal is waiting for Alpha Ryan. Come in this direction.” 
you, 
As if Ryan had never been to the school before, he made a kindly motion with his hand inside the building. 
“You forgot to introduce my soon–to–be Luna, Alpha Ethan. Is there any reason behind it?” Ryan asked while turning his head toward him. 
The girls in the crowd gasped when they heard Ryan, 
“Soon–to–be Luna?” 
“Is he committed?” 
There were whispers heard from within the gathering. Ethan cast a quick peek in Elora’s direction as she stood there ignorantly staring at the crowd. 
Allison cleared her throat and said, 
“She is Elora James, the soon–to–be Luna of the Black Moon Pack. They are Black Moon’s officials. Gamma Colin, Theta Vernon, Delta Owen, and Beta Max. She is Teresa, Beta Max’s mate.” 
The introduction was simple and clear. In one way, Allison introduced everyone to the school in a polite manner. 
Ryan did not bother to wait and started to proceed inside. Others moved from his side to let him enter. They bowed their heads. They bent their heads in submission. It was uncertain whether they were bowing to Ethan as he was their Alpha or to Ryan since his scent was dominant. 
When they arrived at the principal’s office, they noticed that all of the professors were waiting outside to shake their hands and give them a warm welcome. 
They were stunned when they saw Ryan. Ethan did not wait to talk to them; he directly 
entered the principal’s office, and others followed him behind. 
The principal stood up immediately. He bowed to Ethan and greeted him. 
“Alpha” 
His gaze landed on Ryan. His eyes widened as he saw the school’s troublemaker in his office. 
“You are back, Ry- 
“Alpha Ryan.” A stern voice came from Gamma Colin as he warned the principal. 
The principal was scared by the demeanor. But he turned to Ethan to learn about the matter. “He is the head Alpha of the Black Moon Pack.” Ethan introduced others too and walked to the couch to
take a seat. 
The principal’s knees were shaken up when he heard Ethan. “A–Alpha, p–please forgive me. I didn’t know about that.” He said to Ryan while trembling. 
Ryan gave him a nod and gestured for him to go and sit down on his chair. The principal did the same thing Ryan wanted. 
There was a knock on the door. “May we please come in, sir?” The voices of the professors. could be heard coming from outside the door. 
The principal glanced at Ethan, who nodded his head. The principal permitted them to enter 
the office. 
All the professors came to meet the head Alpha of the Black Moon Pack.. 
“Alpha Ryan, they wanted to meet you. We heard a lot about you but never got a chance to talk. to you like that, although you were one of our students like others.” The principal said. 
There was a look of shock on the professors‘ faces. When Ryan looked at them, they immediately lowered their heads. 
“I want you to give that professor a promotion.” He pointed to a professor and said it to the principal. 
That professor’s eyes widened. The other professors‘ expressions conveyed both anger and enviousness as they looked at him. 
“May I ask you why, Alpha?” The principal asked. 
“No.” Ryan replied. 
Elora could not help but laugh. Everyone looked at her with an astonishing face.. 
Ethan gave her a hostile look. “Don’t you know how to respect others? You are in the principal’s office.” 
Elora scoffed at him. “Don’t you know who I am? There is no one over my Alpha, so I don’t need to show respect to anyone else.” 
“You and him are just made for each other. 
“Yeah, you are exactly correct, Alpha Ethan.” 
Allison observed them while they were taunting each other in a whispered conversation. 
‘When did they start to mock/each other?‘ She thought and turned her gaze away from them. Her focus gradually shifted to Ryan. 
“Because once I promised him a promotion. That time I was busy with my work, but now that I am back, he deserves a promotion.” 
After that, the professor bowed deeply and expressed his gratitude. 
As Allison thought back to the moment when Ryan told that man about his promotion, she made a frowning face. That day, Ryan was with her in a class when he grabbed her hand and 
took her out of the class. In the middle of the way, he told that professor that he deserved a promotion because he let them go out of the class together. 
‘He still remembered that? Why?‘ She thought as her eyes focused on Ryan’s face. 
She took a careful look at his features from the side. He appeared to have grown up significantly in the past two years. His appearance was brightened by a radiance that shone from within. He was
not the old Ryan who was a young boy with a carefree attitude. He had grown into a powerful man who could control any circumstance to work in his favor by virtue of his power. 
Allison gasped when Ryan caught her gaze. She quickly shifted her glance away from him and attempted to look elsewhere. 
She noticed Teresa was staring at her. Allison tried to avoid the sight of her best friend by turning her back on her and beginning to use her phone. 
Following their time in the principal’s office, they made their way to the school’s cafeteria. 
“This is my favorite place; it’s where I have so many wonderful memories.” Teresa said to Elora while glancing at Allison. 
“I see. It’s quite nice.” Elora remarked this before walking over to the counter to place an order for her. Ryan was with her. 
Allison came to a stop in the middle of her walk and turned to gaze at Ethan. 
“I can’t continue from here.” 
“Why?” 
“I have classes.” 
“You are free to skip. No one can talk over Luna. You are aware of that.” 
“No way. I am not interested in staying here either.” 
Ethan’did not force her. He informed Ryan that he would be departing and that Allison would be attending her lessons. 
Ryan did not respond to them, as if he did not care. 
Allison left the cafeteria and proceeded to the class she had on her schedule right now. 
When all of her classes were over, she got a message from Ethan. 
She checked on it and realized that Ryan had left with others. But then she read another message. 
“Tonight school’s boys are throwing a welcoming party for Ryan. You are coming with me. I will come to pick you up in the evening.” 
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137
Allison returned home and started looking for a dress to wear to the party that was being held today. 
She had no interest in going to any parties that were held at clubs. During these last two years, she did not attend any club parties. So it was kind of uncomfortable for her to go there after such a long time. 
She moved dresses in the closet one by one. The black jacket and shirt caught her attention. immediately. She lowered her head and gently ran her hand over them 
Her thoughts quickly went back to the times when she was with Ryan. 
She quickly opened her eyes and took her hand away. 
“What am I doing?” 
She gave a little shake of her head and took out a white dress to wear tonight. 
She went to take a shower and spent the day in her room. 
When it was evening, she got ready. She cursed herself for selecting this dress to wear. 
It was a white lather dress that reached her mid–thigh in length. Her curves were visible. Her figure was undeniably voluptuous. It was a dress that was tailored to fit her body perfectly. 
She curled the bottom half of her hair and applied makeup to complement the dress she was wearing. 
She put on white boots and grabbed a white 
purse. 
She was surprised by the fact that she could keep her entire outfit white. 
Ethan informed her over the phone that he had arrived at her residence after making a call to her. 
After going downstairs, she found Ethan seated on the couch with her parents. 
“Let’s go.” She said and headed to the door. 
Ethan took a look at her and was taken aback by the way she was dressed. 
It had been a very long time since she had last worn a dress of this style. In that dazzling white hue, she radiated heat and seductive allure. 
Her parents did not say anything, as they felt that their daughter had become spoiled. 
“Don’t worry. I will drop her back after the party.” Ethan gave Glen and Joey his word of 
assurance. 
Glen gave Ethan a knowing nod and said, 
“We don’t have to worry about anything since you are with our daughter.” 
Ethan smiled at them and left the house. 
He noticed that Allison was waiting beside the car. He unlocked the car and helped her into the 
front passenger seat by opening the door for her. 
“Thanks.” She mumbled and got in his car. 
He then got inside the vehicle, took the wheel, and started the engine. 
“We are really fated. Even our clothing matches without any discussion.” Ethan spoke out. 
Allison glanced at Ethan. He was wearing black jeans with a white shirt and jacket. His shirt and his jacket were both white in color. It appeared as though both Ethan and she intended to dress in white. 
Regarding this issue, Allison did not provide a response to him. He made an effort to get her attention. 
“You look hot in this dress. I almost forgot this appearance of yours, which captivated my attention a few years back.” 
Allison gave him a nod. “You are also handsome.” She replied to the compliment back. 
“It’s an honor.‘ 
During the ride, he made several attempts to keep up a conversation with her. He was aware that if he stopped, she would never approach him and start a conversation with him. 
The car eventually arrived at the club. Allison realized that it was the club where everyone in their school always threw parties. They used the same club when Ryan returned to this pack two and a half years ago. 
Allison and Ethan made an elegant entrance into the club together. Everything was different now. Nobody at the security checkpoint checked her identification. It was not because she appeared to be an adult at this point; rather, it was because she was the future Luna of this pack. 
As Allison entered the pack, she found her friends Ciara and Diva. 
“Alpha” They bowed to Ethan. 
He smiled at them. “How are you both?” 
“We are good.” 
“I wanted to express my appreciation for the care that you have provided for her.” 
“No, that’s not even relevant. She is our friend.” 
Allison stared at her friends and Ethan while listening to their conversation. They were talking like she was a royal child, and it was their duty to take care of her. 
Suddenly, her gaze drew to the entrance of the club. Five handsome men and two gorgeous women entered the club. 
She looked at the man, who was in black attire. His black jacket gave him a hot appearance. His hair is styled differently than in normal times. The moment he started to walk inside, he became the center of everyone’s attention. 
Others followed him as he approached her and Ethan. She looked away from him. Her friends went to the other side to let the royal family talk. 
“Great timing. We have just come in.” Ethan said to Ryan. 
Ryan gave him a nod, and his eyes turned to Allison. She could feel his gaze. Somehow, she felt 
nervous. 
I 
“Wow, you look gorgeous, Allison. When I first saw you, I didn’t think that you could wear these hot dresses too. But you are killing it.” Elora said. 
Allison smiled at her. “Thank you. You are not looking any less. As usual, pretty and hot.” Allison gave praise to the young lady, who was dressed in black shorts with golden glitter designs on the front pockets and a black crop top with a printed red heart on it. 
Allison recalled what Elora had shared with her when they were both in the garden. She dressed in all black because that was Ryan’s favorite color. 
Allison cast a sideways glance in the direction of Teresa, who was staring at her. 
“You are looking drop–dead gorgeous, dear.” Allison said to Teresa. Her tone was simple as if they had never been best friends. 
She observed that Teresa was wearing an upset look on her face. 
But what could Allison do? 
She had treated Allison the same way, in fact, worse. So Allison chose to behave like a stranger to her. Because she hurt her. 
“Let’s find a place to sit somewhere.” Wade eventually found Ethan and informed the others. 
Everyone made their way to the couches to kick back and relax for a while. 
Allison was following them from behind in a calm and steady manner while also gazing around the club. Her eyes and ears were diverted away from her other thoughts by the blaring music and thick cloud of smoke. 
She was about to topple over when suddenly something came her way, but a hand caught her bare arm and kept her from falling to the ground. 
She felt a shiver in her arm when the person touched her. 
When she stood straight and her back pressed into a hard chest. She felt a cold breath in her ear. She gulped, knowing who was behind her. 
“Looks like you are tuning in with him really well.” 
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138
Allison did not know what to reply. Her eyes fell on Elora, who had just turned her head to look at them. 
Allison immediately looked away from her and ignored the man who was standing behind her. She started walking forward and looked back to see Elora heading to him and asked, 
“Ryan, why did you stop?” 
Allison heard him reply, 
“A kitten came in my way who thought she was a tigress. But in reality, she is a scaredy kitten.” Elora cast a peek in the direction of Allison, who avoided them and joined others on the couch. All of them sat on the couches. Allison took a seat next to Ethan.. 
“Who would have ever thought that one day we could sit together like this?” Wade spoke out. “Indeed.” Owen replied. 
Allison was looking at the people who kept glancing at them and then made themselves busy dancing. 
She did not feel well. She was feeling bored. 
Her eyes moved to Ryan. He was sitting quietly. The waiter continued to bring them drinks at the table that was situated in front of the couches. 
“Shall we play a game? It is not acceptable for us to merely sit here and do nothing. It won’t be very interesting.” Elora spoke out. 
Everyone shifted their attention to the young woman, who was smiling broadly. She appeared to be having a good time, as if she belonged to these club parties. 
Allison felt that Elora was a good match for Teresa. Both of them were cheerful and party lovers. 
“No way. We are not kids anymore. Why do you want to play games?” Ethan said to Elora. “We are not kids but an old man like you either..” 
“What? How dare you?” Ethan asked and glared at her. 
Ryan frowned at Ethan and said, 
“If she wants to play, she will. No one will stop her. If you don’t want to play, you can keep your mouth shut and watch her play.” 
His statements left Allison speechless and astonished. She was able to recall what she heard before they arrived at this pack. 
The Black Moon Pack’s Alpha is strict about his Luna. 
Indeed. 
Ethan’s lips parted. “Ryan, you are spoiling her too much.” 
“It’s Alpha for you. And I don’t want to repeat my words. Didn’t I tell you to focus on your woman and not mine? She is going to be my Luna. I will spoil her as much as she wants to get spoiled.” 
r OWTI 
No one interrupted the conversation. They stared at the two Alphas, who were in their world, maybe thinking about killing each other in their wolf forms. 
“How sweet of you! That’s why I love you.” Elora said it out loud and firmly grasped Ryan’s arm as she did so. Her expression of satisfaction was so clear that anyone could read it from a distance. 
“Let’s play. She is our guest. We can’t disappoint her.” Allison initiated to talk to Ethan. 
He gave her a thoughtful look before saying, “Only for you.” 
Allison gave a small nod of the head and then turned her attention to Elora. 
“Let’s play. We all play together.” 
Though Allison did not know what game Elora was talking about since there was nothing to play there except they would order cards. 
Elora grabbed a bottle of beer that was left over after the others had finished drinking it a few minutes ago. 
“We are going to spin the bottle, and when it comes to a stop in someone’s direction, we are going to ask them a question.” Elora explained. 
“And what about the word dare? There are some people who are not going to pick up the truth. “Teresa said. 
“No way. Here, everyone is a royal wolf. How can anyone not answer? We can’t give anyone dares; we all have respect in packs. We are around everyone.” Elora replied patiently. 
Allison found Elora really thoughtful. The more she got to know about her, the more she was surprised. Elora was a nostalgic woman. 
She was a nostalgic and wistful woman. 
Elora had turned to ask Ryan a question about something, but she hesitated as soon as she saw the expression on his face.. 
His face was saying that he was not impressed with her idea of this game. Therefore, she leaned very close to him and reassured him, “Trust me. You are going to enjoy it.” 
Ryan sighed and shook his head in disappointment. 
Ethan let out a chuckle. He made fun of Elora by stating something to the effect of, “This bottle spinning game? Who are we exactly? Students at the middle school?” 
Elora scowled at him. “Stop arguing and get some playtime in instead.” After she finished speaking, Elora began to spin the bottle. 
The bottle stopped in front of Beta Max. 
“Tell us something. Did you know that you were Teresa’s mate before she learned about it? If yes, then how long did you hide it from her?” Elora inquired while joining both of her hands” together. 
Allison looked at Beta Max carefully. She remembered that she stopped Teresa from meeting with him because she thought he would cheat on her. After all, he was Ryan’s best friend. 
How foolish she was! 
“Almost two years.” 
Teresa gasped as her eyes widened. It was something she did not know. At that time, Max had told her that he had been aware of the situation a few days ago. But he lied to her about it because he did not want to make her feel bad. 
“I love you.” Teresa said and hugged Max’s neck as she got emotional. 
Allison lowered her head and bit the inside of her bottom lip. She felt bad that she had told Teresa to stay away from Max at that time. 
She felt a hand grab her hand and rubbed the back of her hand lightly. 
She looked beside her. Ethan smiled at her. “I am sorry. I swear I didn’t know about it like he did two years before. Mine was two weeks. I am really regretting those days.” He whispered to her so that only she could hear him. 
She nodded her head and looked away from him. Her eyes caught someone else’s gaze. 
Ryan was looking at her. His gaze was strange. He was very calm as if he were looking at a stranger with some interest. 
The bottle turned once more in its spin. When it stopped again, this time, it was in front of Ryan. 
“Let me ask a question.” Teresa said. 
“No. This is my game. Only I can ask questions.” Elora said and turned to Ryan. 
“Ask.” 
He permitted her with an indifferent face. 
“How do 
you feel about the people who you used to love but who betrayed you with shock? Have you forgiven them?” 
Everyone knew who Elora was talking about. Allison frowned at Elora. Why did she ask that question? She could skip topics related to her. 
Allison was behaving well with her. Then why did she want to pick fights or want to hurt her? Nevertheless, Allison was also curious about whether or not Ryan had forgiven her. Despite this, it was quite evident from his actions that he did not forgive her. 
Except for Ethan, everyone held their breaths as they 
awaited Ryan’s response. 
Meanwhile, Ryan did not care about anyone and directly looked at Allison with his dark eyes, which pierced her heart. 
“I hate them, and they will pay for it. 
Because I don’t believe in forgiveness but in retribution.” 
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139
Allison did not take her gaze off of him at any point. She desired to witness the hatred that he had built up 
for her within him over the course of two years. She believed she deserved it. So now she would have to face it. 
Everyone remained silent. Only music came to their ears. 
Teresa’s voice was the first to be heard after a long time of silence among them. 
“Let’s move on.” She then murmured while spinning the bottle. 
It came to a halt right in front of Ethan. Teresa did not let Elora ask any questions this time. She took the initiative to inquire from him. 
“Do you have any secrets that your future Luna doesn’t know?” 
Ethan was taken aback by the question. Allison frowned when she heard Teresa’s question. 
‘What type of question is that? Why would Ethan have a secret? It doesn’t matter how he gets it, he always gets what he wants. Because of this, he has no reason to conceal anything from anyone.‘ She thought. 
Ethan grabbed a glass of drink and chugged it down. That indicated that he did not wish to respond to the question, and as a consequence, he drained a glass. 
Elora scoffed at Ethan. “Dude, your answer is clear. It was just yes or no.” 
“You don’t have to be concerned.” Ethan retorted back. 
Allison turned her head toward Ethan. ‘Secret? What is it that you are keeping from me that I don’t know?” She thought. 
The bottle whirled and stopped in front of a different person. When it stopped before Allison, she got nervous. 
Because though this game was popular and enjoyable for young boys and girls, it became a risky one for them. It was inconvenient the way Elora interrogated each and every one of their riddles with a list of questions. 
“All right, Allison. It is now your turn.” Elora said. 
“Hmm.” 
“Have you mourned for any decision in your life? If yes, then what is it? You can give us a simple hint; you don’t have to tell us much.” 
Allison did not want to answer it. She was about to grab a glass when Ethan’s hand grabbed 
her wrist. 
“I will take drinks on behalf of her.” He said and chugged down one glass. 
Allison stared at Ethan with a stunned face. She did not expect that. 
“How romantic!” Elora let out with a sarcastic tone. 
As time went on, Ethan continued drinking on Allison’s behalf because she could not answer a 
single question. 
Elira probed her with this kind of question that was directly tied to Ryan in some way. Allison felt really upset about why Elora was doing that. 
The length of the game caused everyone to begin experiencing feelings of boredom with it. 
“Not anymore.” Ryan stopped Elora, and she nodded her head. 
Ethan held Allison’s hand and leaned on her ear. “Let’s dance.” 
Allison had every intention of denying it, but she noticed Ryan was looking at them. Seeing that, she felt like going with Ethan. 
“Sure.” 
Ethan led her out onto the dance floor, and they started to dance. 
The loud music and the heavy smoke served as a kind of anesthetic. Allison made an effort to block out everything else and simply move in with the beats. 
She wondered if she could also live a carefree life like the people who were dancing around 
them. 
“Are you enjoying it?” Ethan asked while moving closer to her. 
“Yeah.” She replied. 
The melody changed, and they moved inside the crowd further. 
Ethan was quite drunk. But Allison desired to have the drunken sensation. She decided to let her guard down and just enjoy herself while she was at the club. 
Because she was aware that from the following day on, she would be required to perform her Luna’s duty once more. Why not make the most of the evening by treating yourself to some music and dancing? 
Ethan’placed his hands on her waist and pulled her closer, which caused her to be stunned. 
“I will not take advantage of you. Don’t worry. Just trust me.” He raised his voice in an effort to be heard by her more clearly. 
She believed him with it because, in the last two years, he had never tried to do that. He was the head Alpha. If he wanted, he could do many things with her. 
They danced for a long time. 
Allison was aware that someone was gazing at her, but she paid no attention to it and instead focused her attention on the dance. 
When she felt that her legs were hurting like hell, she patted Ethan’s shoulder. 
Ethan gave her a hug in order to better hear her. 
“What?” He asked. 
“I am done with dancing. I am going to the washroom now.” 
Ethan moved away and nodded his head with a bright smile. He appeared to be in great spirits.” “Okay.” 
He grabbed her by the wrist and took her toward a washroom, which was located in the far left 
corner. 
“I can go by myself. You go and take a seat. You are drunk.” She said and removed his hand from her wrist. 
“Are you 
sure?” 
“Yeah. I am not a kid.” 
“Okay. I am going to sit at the bar.” 
Allison wanted to tell him not to drink more. But then she refrained herself from taking care 
of him. 
“Okay.” 
Ethan made his way to the bar and took a seat on one of the stools there. 
Meanwhile, Allison walked to the corner and headed to the washroom. 
After using the washroom, she took a moment to examine her appearance in the mirror. Because she continued to dance. 
She combed through her messy hair and touched up her makeup as best she could. She prepared to go and turned around before opening the door. 
She closed the door behind her. She was about to start walking, but she was abruptly stopped by a hand that grabbed her wrist and shoved her into a wall. 
She was startled and let out a loud gasp. However, when she saw who pulled her like that, her body froze. 
“R–Ryan?” 
“Enjoyed dancing with him?” His dark eyes shot a glare at her, showing that he was not happy with what she had done with Ethan. 
“Why do you even ask?” She mustered up some bravery to ask. This time around, she 
managed to avoid stammering. 
“Stop trying to get my attention all the time.” He gave her a warning. 
She furrowed her brows. “I didn’t do that.” She said with confusion. 
His eyes moved from her face and lowered down to her dress. “Yeah. You didn’t.” His tone was dripping with sarcasm. 
Allison felt that he was referring to the dress she was wearing. ‘Is he thinking that I wore this dress to get his attention?‘ She thought about it and attempted to clear up his 
misunderstanding- 
“Look, I didn’t-” 
He cut her off by touching the necklace on her neck. The sensation of his touch gave her a shiver all throughout her body. 
She lowered her head and noticed that the necklace was no longer hidden. She forgot to hide it inside her dress when she looked at herself in the mirror. It came out because of dancing. 
D 
She gulped when his dangerous eyes observed the necklace. 
“What is this?” He asked with a cold tone. 
“L. I-” She was at a loss for words to say anything. But she still tried. However, before that, he grabbed the pendant and pulled it with some force. 
“Aahhh!” 
She felt pain in her neck as the chain scratched against both sides of her neck with increasing 
force as it broke free. 
He grabbed the necklace in his fist. 
He darted at it and said, 
“Your time is over. I wanted to ensure your safety by providing you with this necklace. But now I am here. Who will protect you from me?” 
He looked at her and leaned to her ear, then whispered, 
“That disaster about which everyone had warned you was actually me.” 
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140
Allison felt fear inside her. She felt her legs become jelly on the ground. His words gave a chill to her body. 
He moved his head away and looked at her reaction. 
He smirked at her. She lowered her head slowly and noticed him putting the necklace inside the pocket of his jeans. 
These past two years had been challenging for her. However, she never removed that necklace because it was the last remaining trace of him that she had. Because she did not want to lose it, she believed that he was constantly there with her. 
She tried to calm herself down by closing her eyes and taking a few long breaths. 
Since he was close to her, she could smell his cologne, which immediately calmed her. Unbeknownst to her, her inner wolf yearned to come out and hug him. 
‘No, you can’t do that anymore. He does not belong to me.‘ She said to her wolf to control her. 
s and silence, he said, Looking at her closing 
“Lose words? Or perhaps you were aware of it?” 
She opened her eyes and raised her head to look at him. He looked at her with eyes that were dark and hazy. 
They came this close after a very long time. Last time he came to her like that and almost choked her to death. Would he do that to her again? 
“What will you do to me? Will you kill me?” She asked with a calm tone. 
Her voice and tone surprised herself. She thought she would stutter but she didn’t. 
She could not just allow herself to break down in front of him. 
She would have to be strong. 
“Kill?” He asked and laughed. 
The sound of his laugh caused her to shiver in dread. It was dangerous as if he was mocking her for the question that she had asked. 
“I will not kill you.” He responded and lowered his head to come to her level. 
“Not yet, baby.” 
She met his gaze and peered into his eyes. Her eyes began to gloss over. After what seemed like an eternity, he called her baby. Nevertheless, anger was the only emotion that came through in his tone when he spoke. 
“I will kill you daily.” 
She inhaled and exhaled. Then she tried to avoid his sharp gaze. 
“I got it.” She said and attempted to move aside. She wanted to go out of the corner. 
But he placed his hands on the wall on both sides of her head and caged her, which startled her. 
“What are you doing?” 
“You looked quite happy with your fiance, which I didn’t like at all.” 
Hearing him, she looked at him. “Why?” 
He scoffed at her. “Don’t overthink, baby. It’s not possessiveness, but the agony that you ignited in my heart two years ago. I can’t let you live happily. I won’t.” 
His words broke her heart. She believed that she deserved it. 
“I think you should focus on your Luma, not me.” 
“No one wants your opinion.” 
“Fine.” 
She tried to push him, but he did not budge in the slightest. 
“What do you want, Ryan?” 
“You.” 
“W–What?” Her eyes widened. Her mouth trembled slightly. 
The realization that he was quietly observing her caused her to take a sharp breath. 
“I know you are the head Alpha of another pack. Now you have a Luna, too. So stop talking like this and let me go.” 
“Just wait and watch. In a few days, you will come to me and beg me. That time I will show you who I am.” 
Her hands froze on his arms, which were pushing them. She looked away from him and said, “I didn’t forget what you had done with my father. Don’t do anything to him. I am the one who ended our relationship with you. If you want to punish me, you can, but just don’t hurt others.” 
“Hurt? You could never possibly fathom the things I have in store for him.” 
Allison turned her head toward him. She frowned at him. She knew he had the power to do anything to her father. 
She got angry as she thought about him insulting her father in the important pack meeting. “Don’t you dare.” She gritted her teeth. All the nervousness left her head, and only her care for her father remained. 
“So you are challenging me, huh?” He said and lifted his hand. He grabbed her jaw, and she hissed in slight pain. 
She held his wrist and tried to remove his hand. 
“I will never tolerate your violence. I will complain about yo-” 
He interrupted her by leaning close to her face. Their lips were just a few inches apart from each other. 
“Complaint? Who are you going to complain to? Who is it that has the authority to discipline. Alpha Ryan?” 
“Leave me.” 
“And violence? You will whine that Alpha Ryan uses violence against women. Baby, when it comes to exacting revenge, I don’t make any distinctions between males and females. In opinion, they are equal.” 
He released her jaw, and she shook her head as she moved her jaw to feel at ease. 
my 
She glared at him and retorted back. “If you do anything to my dad, I will never forgive you. 
He grabbed her jaw once again, but this time he did so softly, and he twisted it to the right and left as if he were looking for his fingerprints on her cheeks. 
She made an effort to shove him away, but who could win over his strength? She should have understood two years ago that he was someone powerful. Otherwise, who could have this type of carefree attitude to disobey his Alpha father? 
“What? You are not satisfied with my pain? Do you want to break my jaw?” She asked furiously. 
“I was thinking that if I break one of your bones or scratch your body with one of my claws….” 
She felt shivers run all over her body. When he noticed it, he reached out with his other hand to touch one of her exposed arms. He proceeded while lightly brushing her arm with his knuckles and continued, 
“How will your Ethan heal it? Because last time, he himself took one month to heal his own wounds. Not everyone is Ryan who can heal you in a moment you know.” 
Her lips parted as she recalled that evening of the accident. When she fell asleep, she was full of scratches and pain. But when she woke up, all of her wounds had miraculously vanished. 
Her fingers fisted on his jacket, and she asked, 
“W–Was that who h–healed me?” 
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141
Allison felt like crying. How could she possibly not give that some serious thought? How could any wound heal magically? 
‘So it was him?‘ She thought. 
She asked, 
“How? You came to my house that day?” 
Ryan did not reply to her as if he were also recalling the day how he healed her. In a fit of rage, he clenched his jaw. 
Allison could see wrath scrambling in his eyes. She avoided his gaze in fear. 
Before the past two years, those eyes used to stare at her with a sense of warmth. 
She cursed herself again in her head. She felt that she could not forget this man because she still loved him. She could not give Ethan the place that he held because her heart still beat faster whenever she thought about him. 
The thought of Elora jumped into her head out of nowhere, and she shoved him violently. Her unexpected prod caught him off guard. The push caused him to retreat one step away from her. 
“Thanks for what you have done for me, Alpha Ryan. But the past is past. It is not appropriate for us to discuss the past. As you suggested, I will try my best to stay away from you. You have your Elora, and I have my Ethan. I believe that each of us is committed to our faithful partners. We will be happy in our lives this way.” 
Saying that, Allison started to walk. She heard him from behind. 
“Faithful partner? Foolish woman. Now I get why that bastard rejected you at first.” 
Allison’s steps halted. The pace of Allison’s steps slowed down. She balled her hands into fists. and mustered up the will to turn around and face him. 
“What did you say?” She asked. 
“You are a foolish lady. Your fiance does not have any interest in you anymore. Can’t you see how he is roaming around my fiancee like a bee?” 
“Don’t talk nonsense about him. 
“Oh, I see. You are becoming possessive of him. What if I kill you just to watch the anguish in your eyes?” 
Allison gulped. She could not believe that Ryan could say things like that. 
“Ryan, what the heck is wrong with you? He is your brother.” 
He gave her a smirk before walking in her direction and pausing in front of her. “Then should I change my prey?” 
He looked around as if thinking about who could fit perfectly in Ethan’s place. Then his face 
lightened up. 
“Got it.” He said. 
“W–What?” She asked with shocked eyes. 
“What about your lovely Dad?” 
Because she was so enraged, she raised her hand, but Ryan quickly grabbed her wrist and held it firmly. 
“Not again, baby.” He muttered with a furious tone. 
“That night you slapped me, and I left it because I thought you were a loyal woman, my woman. But after leaving the pack, I regretted it every day. I didn’t forget it. And I promise that I will never let you forget it either.” He said and his grip tightened. 
“Aahh!” 
She felt intolerable pain in her wrist. She did not know whether her bone had broken. She had never felt this type of pain before. 
“What? Can’t handle just a little bit of pain? What if I break every inch of you mentally? Believe me. You will cry and regret every moment you thought about deceiving me.” 
However, Allison had no ability to turn back the clock. 
Her eyes started to well up with tears. She was terrified of appearing weak in his presence. She did not want to break in front of him. 
The practice of two years to become cold inside had broken in front of him. 
She broke down. 
But he did not melt at her tears. He was like a stone–hearted man. There was no pity in his eyes 
for her. 
“Why are you doing this? You are so powerful, Alpha. You have the ability to get any woman you desire, just like before. You settled on a potent hybrid to serve as your Luna. Have a good time with her. Why do you even care about or remember the things that a woman like me does wrong? I am a plain and ordinary woman. I am well aware that what I did was wrong. But let me and others go. Just let everyone have a happy life. Don’t do anything to anyone.” 
“You know what I am feeling right now? I get a deep sense of satisfaction from witnessing the. tears streaming down your face. Be prepared. Because day by day, it will turn into your habit.” He said and released her hand. 
She looked at her wrist and noticed fingerprints on it. She grabbed her wrist with her other hand and could not move it because it became numb in pain. 
She could feel his gaze on hér. He was quiet and then started to head out of the corner. But she stopped her by saying, 
“What do you want? If you want, I can call off this marriage and leave the pack forever.” 
He turned his head toward her with a frown.. 
“Didn’t I ask you to do the same thing two years ago?” 
She remembered that it was what he told her that night. He had asked her to run away with him from this pack. 
Why didn’t I go with him?‘ She asked herself with remorse. It was the only thing that ate her alive every day. 
“I–I..” 
“You are not going to cancel any marriage. You will stick with that Ethan. I want to see how you both take my blow. Because if you want to leave this pack, no matter where you hide, I will find you and kill you alive.” 
Her heart froze at his warning. Did he really hate her so much that he talked about killing her in every single sentence? 
She wiped her eyes and nodded at him. 
“I am your culprit. You can hurt me as much as you want. Don’t involve other people in your revenge.” 
He turned his head and started to walk again while saying, 
“You really don’t know me. 
I not only love but also hate with great intensity.” 
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142
Under the different colors of flickering lights and cloudy smoke, people were lost in their own 
world. 
Ethan was sitting on a stool in the bar. The bartender kept looking at him. 
“Alpha” 
Ethan gestured with his hand, saying to make him another drink. 
The bartender nodded his head while mixing the different drinks, then placed a glass on the counter for him. 
Ethan grabbed the glass and chugged it down. He noticed a woman in black clothing taking a seat next to him. 
The bartender asked the woman, 
“What would you like to drink, Madam?” 
She ordered the bartender, 
“Whiskey please.” 
The bartender was stunned, as if thinking if she could really take the heated drink. However, in accordance with the customer’s request, he prepared it and presented the glass to her, complete with two cubes of ice. 
She reached for the glass and turned her head to Ethan, only to discover that he had been watching her ever since she came to sit there. 
“You drink?” He asked while eyeing the glass. 
“Bro, we are at the club. Of course I will drink.” She replied as she could not understand his question. 
He rolled his eyes and turned away from her. “I am not your bro.” He said while ordering another drink. 
“Yeah, you are right. You are not my bro. You are my brother–in–law.” She replied with a pleased tone. 
When he heard that, a frown formed on his face. He looked at her and observed her face. 
She was a beautiful woman with a powerful aura. When he said that he disliked her because he thought she was different, he lied about it. In fact, her different rank made her more attractive. “You like him a lot, don’t you?” He asked. 
“Like? I love him. He is the love of my life. You don’t know how much hard work I had to do for your brother. I almost killed my-” She paused when she realized what she was going to say. 
“Almost killed your what?” 
“Self–respect.” She cleared her throat and replied. 
He did not ask anything more and watched her sip the glass like juice. He could not help but 
chuckle at her cute behavior. He was able to see through her act of seeming to be a strong woman when, in reality, she was just a childish girl. 
“Stop staring at me. Your brother is very protective of me. He will kill you if he somehow feels insecure.” 
“Why didn’t you tell him that I was not after you in the art gallery?” 
She scoffed at him. “Oh please. I can see how other boys look at me. Of course, you were after me, dear. And by the way, I loved it when your brother hugged me, so I kept quiet. I just love that man 
Hearing her, he experienced some sort of unease. 
He glared at her and said, “Stop talking like a shameless woman. You are going to be a Luna. This is how a Luna behaves?” 
She was stunned by his cold look and tone. She was not a woman who would listen quietly. 
“How dare you talk to me like that?” 
He smirked at her. “Dare? You are sitting in my pack. If I want 
“Oh, shut up. Come to my pack. I will show you what my power is. My pack members are afraid. of my name.” 
“Why? Are you a ghost?” 
“No, I am their Luna.” 
“You are nothing but a woman who makes others feel scared, then. Look at my Luna. People have respect for her rather than fear of her.” 
“Don’t bring her into the conversation. The way she caught my Alpha’s heart a few years ago, it’s her good luck that I forgave her in my heart and extended a hand of friendship, otherwise 
He stopped her in the middle of the sentence by pulling the stool where she was sitting close to him and asking with a frigid tone, 
“Otherwise what?” 
She was taken aback by his abrupt move. As she gazed into his eyes, she found herself at a loss. for words. She looked away from him. 
“I would have-” 
“No one is allowed to hurt her/Before thinking about hurting her, always remember that I am on her way to protect her. 
She turned her head to face him and pushed his chest to move him away. The bartender and others around them were shocked since they could not hear their conversations but only see 
their actions. 
“You should have been like this before rejecting her. The only one who hurt her was you. So stop talking like you are her knight in shining armor.” She replied with anger. 
In just one second, Ethan came out of his drunken state. 
Why did people around him always keep talking about the rejection that he wanted to forget? Could people not make mistakes? Why would he have to live with remorse? 
He looked around him and saw everyone looking at them. 
As soon as he directed his attention in their direction, they instinctively bowed their heads and went back to what they had been doing. 
He turned to her and said, 
“Elora, you don’t have to worry about my past. Just think about yours and your Alpha’s present and future.” 
“He is enough to secure it. After all, he is the most powerful Alpha among all.” 
“Don’t fly too much. Sometimes a massive elephant can fall down from the bite of an ant.” She stared at him after hearing him. He also did not break eye contact. 
“You hate him. Don’t you?” 
“Of course I do. He always possessed what’s mine?” He gritted his teeth while replying. 
“Just like you did when we were children.” 
A deep voice was heard from behind them. Elora turned her stool around, but Ethan did not need to turn since he knew who it was. 
“Ryan” Elora said, getting on her feet. 
Ryan came towards them and wrapped his hand around Elora’s waist, which could not go unnoticed by Ethan. 
“It’s a saying that people will get what they did in their past. 
Ethan ignored his remarks and resumed drinking. 
“Ryan, I was just talking to him.” Elora said and tried to avoid any kind of misunderstanding. 
“It’s okay, darling. 
Because the things he believes are his were mine from the beginning.” 
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143
Elora glanced at Ethan, who looked unbothered. She grabbed Ryan by the arm and said, “Let’s get out of here.” 
“Yeah, let’s go.” Ryan replied. 
When they were heading to the entrance of the club, Ethan turned his head and saw them. leaving. 
“For how much longer are you going to deceive yourself?” 
“Wade, not again.” Ethan said and stood up. 
Wade had watched everything and came to his best friend. 
“I am not only your beta but also your best friend. I can read your minds and thoughts, Ethan.” 
“I don’t want anyone’s advice.” Ethan said and looked around the club for the woman he believed he loved. 
“Where is she?” 
“I don’t know.” Wade replied and sat on a stool in the bar. 
Ethan started to walk to look for Allison. His eyes fell on the corner where Allison was coming out. He walked toward her and asked, 
“You took a long time. Are you okay?” He inquired as his eyes continued to observe her. 
Her head was down. She did not look fine to him. 
“I am okay. I am leaving now. You can stay if you want.” She replied. 
“No, I am also leaving. I will drop you at home.” 
She looked at him and shook her head. “You can’t drive. You are drunk.‘ 
Her eyes and nose were red, giving the appearance that she had been crying. 
He reached out his hand and cupped her cheek before asking, 
“Hey, are you okay?” 
She responded by gently removing his hand from her cheeks and saying, “I am fine.” 
He was aware that she was lying. On the other hand, he gave a slight nod of the head and said, 
“My driver will drive the car. I have already contacted him. He is outside.” 
Allison was surprised by his awareness. He noticed her look and said, 
“I promised your parents that I would drop you home by myself. I can’t let you go alone.” 
She let out a sigh and realized why her parents had such a soft spot for him. He took his responsibilities toward elders and other people in his care very seriously. 
Sometimes, she wondered what her life would have been like if he had not rejected her from the start and she had not met Ryan. Could she be happy with him? 
10 
Ethan took her hand and pulled her along with him. 
She hissed immediately in pain. He paused and turned to her. “What happened?” “N–Nothing.” She replied while attempting to free her hand from his 
grasp on it. 
He removed his hand from hers and then said, “Let me see.” 
“No, it’s nothing. I just brushed up against a wall.” 
“Is it serious? Let’s go to the pack hospital to see Linus.” 
“No, I am fine. I just want to go back home.” She said and hid her wrist with her 
“Okay, let’s go.” 
purse. 
They walked to the entrance. Allison glanced around the club before leaving. She did not see Ryan or Elora. Except for them, their group was present. She saw Teresa looking at her as if she wanted to talk. But Allison averted her gaze away from her and followed Ethan out of the club. 
They were greeted by Ethan’s driver, who was standing outside waiting for them. Ethan was going to open the back door for her, but his steps huddled. Allison reached out and grabbed his arm to help him. 
“Are you okay?” She asked him. 
He turned his head toward her and shook his head. “I am not, Allison.” 
Allison looked at the driver. 
The driver understood her gaze and helped her get Ethan inside the car. 
Allison sat next to Ethan and told the driver to start the car. 
The driver did what he was told. He started the car. 
Allison looked outside the window. Her mind kept replaying Ryan’s words. She believed that he had plans to take revenge for his broken heart. 
‘If somehow he gets to know that my father made me choose them over him, he will hurt him. I can’t let him do that. I have to protect my father from him.’ She thought and touched her neck. 2 
Her eyes widened when she remembered that her neck was empty. 
It had become her habit to gently stroke the necklace whenever she found herself in a difficult situation. When she thought back to the moment when he removed the necklace from her neck, she felt empty inside. 
His eyes, filled with hatred, kept reminding her how broken he was when she left him heartbroken. 
His voice still echoed when he asked her to leave this pack with him. Even though he had told her that he would treat her with the love and respect that she deserved, she went ahead and broke his heart by saying crucial words. 
She examined her swollen wrist as she ran her finger over his fingerprints. 
After he returned to this pack, she had only two conversations with him. And in both of these instances, he left his mark on her by inflicting pain on her. 
Allison was stunned when she felt a weight on her shoulder. When she turned her head, she noticed that Ethan’s head was resting on her shoulder. His eyes were closed. She was about to move his head from shoulder, but she left the thought. She shifted her eyes to the window and looked at the changing scenery outside. 
Meanwhile, 
In a black car, a man was looking at the way where the white car was headed. He watched the couple as they left the club and got into the car outside. His sharp eyes were observing everything quietly. 
The woman next to him was staring at him. 
“They have already left.” She said to him. 
He did not reply and instead continued to puff on bis cigarette. Because the window was open, the smoke was able to escape from inside the car. 
“Alpha, should we start the car now?” The driver spoke out. 
He responded with “Hmm” while continuing to keep his eyes on the road. 
“He loves her.” She let out. 
As he inhaled the cigarette smoke, he paused for a moment after hearing her. He finally turned his attention to the woman and said, 
“You don’t look pleased with that.” 
“What problem would I have? I am finally going to be with the man of my dreams. I have no problem with anyone.” 
“That’s good for you.” He replied and continued smoking. 
The woman closed her eyes and leaned against the seat, then chuckled. 
“Maturity is when you realize that Ethan is her hero and Ryan is the villain of her life.” 
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144
The man scoffed at the woman as his eyes turned orange. The woman smiled at him and added, 
“But everyone falls in love with a handsome villain. So…” 
He turned to her and raised one eyebrow. “So?” 
“I am not different from them.” 
“Stop flirting and behave like a Luna. You are different, and that’s why you are with me right now. Never forget your position.” After saying this, he rested his head against the back of his seat and shut his eyes. 
“Ryan” 
“I am all ears.” 
“What exactly is going on in your head right now? I have never seen you so calm before. Is something interesting going to happen?” She asked with glowing green eyes. 
“You will know soon.” 
“When will we return our pack?” 
“Soon.” He replied and looked at her. 
He noticed her expression. She was not sad, nor did she look happy. 
“Elora, are you not happy?” 
She immediately grinned at him and replied, 
“With you, I can stay happy anywhere.” 
Ryan did not attempt to draw out the topic and instead maintained his silence throughout the 
ride. 
When the car reached the pack house, Allison could be seen coming out of there. She glanced at the car, then ignored it and climbed on the car to leave for her house. 
Elora came out of the car when the driver stopped at the entrance. 
“You are here?” Elora asked Allison. 
Allison looked at her through the car window and nodded. Actually, Ethan is quite drunk, so I came to drop him off first.” 
Elora’s brows raised as she nodded her head. “Oh, I see.” 
Allison could sense someone gazing at her through the dark glass window of the car that was parked next to hers. She avoided the gaze and said to Elora, 
Bye, good night.” 
Elora nodded her head calmly. “Good night.” Saying that she walked inside the pack house. 
area. 
son tol 
From inside the car, Ryan had watched everything. 
He exited the car as soon as he could no longer see the white car in the distance. The driver was about to start the car to park it in the parking area, but before he could do that, Ryan opened the door and ordered, 
“Get out.” 
The driver was startled and immediately came out of the car. Ryan got inside and started the car. He drove the car at full speed. 
His eyes fell on the white car that stopped in front of the house. 
He halted the speed and parked the car a little far from the house. The white car drove away from there. 
He rolled down the window glass and lit a–cigarette, then started to smoke while looking up at the window on the second floor. 
The light turned on as if someone had just entered. 
After half an hour, the light turned off. 
Hours passed, and he kept smoking while sitting in the car. 
At one point, he came out of his car and threw the cigarette on the ground, then crashed it with his shoe. He looked up at the window one last time while thinking about what had happened tonight. 
Allison woke up when her mother knocked on the door. She opened her eyes and rubbed them with the back of her hand. She gave the door a quick check before calling out, “Mom, I am awake!!! 
“Are you okay? What happened? You never slept so long.” Her mother shouted back from outside the door. 
She sat up and yawned. Then something hit her. She looked at the door and frowned. 
“When did I lock the door?” 
She thought she had forgotten that she locked the door last night. She walked to the door and opened it. Her mother was standing outside with a plate of food. 
“Are you okay, Allison?” 
“I am totally fine, Mom.” 
“Will you go to the pack house today?” 
“No.” 
“Why?” 
“I don’t feel like going.” 
“Okay.” She replied and handed the plate to her. It was because Allison did not eat with her parents together. So her mother came to her room with her breakfast. 
“Thanks.” Allison replied. 
When her mother left, she closed the door. She placed the plate on the bed and walked to the wardrobe, rubbing her eyes as she went to retrieve her clothing. 
Her phone began to ring. She grabbed her phone and saw Ciara calling her. 
“Ciara” 
“Allison, why didn’t you come to school today?” Ciara asked with a worried tone. 
“I don’t know how long I slept. I usually don’t sleep this much. I missed my classes today.” 
“No worries. I will give you all the notes. You must be tired after last night’s party; that’s why you slept so long.” 
‘Party!‘ Allison thought and froze. 
She almost forgot that last night she went to a party. How could she forget what had happened last night? 
Ryan almost broke her hand. 
“M–My hand?” She mumbled. 
She slowly moved her hand from her ear, which was holding the phone, and her eyes widened. 
Her swollen hand appeared to be perfectly fine. She was taken aback when she twisted her wrist and found that she did not experience any pain. 
“Hello? Allison?” 
She brought her phone close to her ear again and said, 
“I will catch up with you later, Ciara.” 
“Okay, take care. Bye.” 
“Bye.” 
Allison threw her phone on the bed and grabbed her wrist with her other hand. She tightened her grip to feel any pain, but she did not feel any. 
“What the hell! Last night, it hurt like hell.” She said to herself. 
Suddenly, she touched her neck and froze. 
She rushed to the mirror on her dressing table and looked at her neck. 
v Last night, she discovered that both sides of her neck were covered in deep scratches. But now 
she was looking at a clean and clear neck. There were no scratches on her neck. 
She turned around and looked around her room. She bit her bottom lip as she realized what had actually happened. 
She thought, 
‘Did you heal me again, Ryan? Why are you doing this? 
You are the one who is hurting me, and at the same time, you are the one who is healing me.” 
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145
Allison took a shower and had breakfast in her room. All the time, she only thought about her wounds. 
“How did he do that? She thought, but could not get an answer. 
She received a call from Ethan. She took the call, and his inquisitive voice greeted her right away as she answered the call. 
“How did you get back to your house last night? You should have gone back to your house first. Why didn’t you do that?” 
“Ethan, take it easy. Your driver got me home without any problems. I was the one who told him that, due to the fact that you had fallen asleep in the car, he needed to make the first turn toward the pack house.” 
“I don’t know what happened to me last night. I should not have drunk.‘ 
“It’s not a big deal.” 
“What are you doing?” 
“Nothi-” 
The conversation was disrupted when someone knocked on the door. Allison turned her head to look at the door and said to Ethan, 
“I think Mom is knocking on the door for something. Talk to you later.” 
She ended the call and walked to the door. As soon as she opened the door, she was stunned. 
“Teresa?” 
Teresa was standing outside the door. After taking a close look at her, Allison questioned her by asking, “Is everything okay?” 
“Can I come inside?” Teresa asked, and Allison stepped aside to let her enter the room. 
After closing the door, Allison turned to Teresa. 
Teresa looked around the room and smiled sadly. 
“I came here after a long time.” 
Hearing her, Allison’s face turned cold. It was impossible for her to forget the manner in which Teresa had treated her from the moment she returned to the pack. 
“I think you have something to talk about.” Allison said to her. 
Teresa turned around and looked at her. But she could not say anything. She was silent for quite some time. 
Allison stared at Teresa as she saw tears scrambling in the corners of her eyes. She looked away and asked, 
“I think you should leave if you don’t have any- 
Teresa could not let her finish as she rushed to embrace her. 
Allison was taken aback by her sudden action. However, she did not hug her back. Teresa hurt her. She could not let it slide from her heart. 
“I am sorry. I should not have behaved like that.” Teresa mumbled and hugged her tightly. Allison sighed as she also got emotional and finally hugged her back. 
Teresa broke the hug and cupped her cheeks. 
“I swear I am guilty for my behavior. But I was really shocked when I heard about the things that happened two years ago. I wanted to talk to you and come to this pack, but there was a restriction, so I could not return here. But now I have realized that I should not interfere with your private life. It’s your life, and you can decide whatever you want.” 
Allison heard her and did not respond to it. She only looked at the floor while listening to 
Teresa. 
“Two years ago, 
when Max first took me to the Black Moon Pack, I was completely shocked by his true identity. I learned so many new things. I missed you a lot, but Max said that they did not contact anyone, and it was their pack’s rule. That was how they kept their identities secret. It was because Ryan wanted that.” 
“Why?” Allison asked. 
“He did not like to meet any other Alpha of the pack. At the start, I was so lonely and did not know how 
to manage so many responsibilities that fell on my shoulders. You can’t believe how surprised I was when I got to know who the head Alpha was. When he returned to the pack after your breakup, he was not the same as I saw him in this pack. He was a totally different person. His power and ability are something beyond our imagination.” 
“Beyond our imagination?” 
Teresa nodded her head veah. I learned that he worked hard a lot when he was outside. His parents thought he was doing nothing, but in reality, he was accomplishing more than his father had ever managed in his entire life. When you visit our pack one day, you will notice the fear and respect that each individual member of our pack has for him.” 
Allison’s level of surprise continued to escalate with each new fact that she discovered about Ryan. 
Teresa recalled an event and said, 
“You have no idea how much he broke when he came back to the Black Moon pack. Your one decision broke his heart completely. I had been told that he was not the type of man who could love another person, but I remembered the way he used to look at you. I watched both of you together as well. That was the reason I was so upset with the decision you made. I just could not believe Ryan’s words. But then I heard the news.” 
“What news?” 
Allison felt sad that Ryan was heartbroken because of her. She tried to control her tears as Teresa was talking about him. 
“The news about your wedding. When it was declared that you and Ethan would marry soon, 
Ryan got so angry that time. His pain turned into anger, and he started to go to war. During that terrifying moment, the entire pack was trembling in fright. Because he felt it was 
necessary for his pack to have a Luna, he made the decision to make Elora his future Luna at one point. It was his need, not his desire.” 
Tears fell from Allison’s eyes. She wiped her tears and said, 
“Let’s leave all of this. I am happy for you.” Allison said to Teresa that Max had developed into a powerful beta for a formidable pack. 
Teresa held her hand and asked, 
“I was a fool when I believed those things. And Ryan also warned me to kill me if I contacted you in the future. But now I feel like I should not have listened to that. Because after seeing you once again, I believed there was something that we were missing. You haven’t changed. You are still the same Allison I knew.” 
Allison averted her eyes from her and walked to the window. She could not tell her the truth, could she? 
“I know you can’t lie to me. Tell me what happened that caused you to become like this. Why did you change your heart toward Ryan? Why did you accept Ethan? Because I knew you did not like him.” After asking, Teresa moved to stand next to her. 
“I think it would be best if we put an end to this discussion right here, Teresa.” 
“No, I want to know. I should have done this the moment I returned here. But now, since I understand my fault, let me know the truth.” 
Allison turned to her and said, 
“If I tell you, can you promise that you will never say those things to others?” 
“I promise.” 
Allison turned her head outside the window and thought to release a little bit of the burden that she had been carrying for a long time. 
She told her everything. 
Teresa’s eyes widened in shock. She could not stop her tears as she felt remorse inside that she could not be here with Allison at that time. 
“I could not ever imagine that your dad, who always referred to you as his princess, would do something that would ruin your life. It never came across my mind for a single time.” 
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146
Allison lowered her head. She had nothing to say about her father. Even her mother supported her father. She was unable to comprehend the fact that she had also turned her back on Ryan.
“Allison.” She turned to Teresa and saw her crying. “I am so sorry. I should have been with you.” Teresa said. Tears kept rolling down her cheeks. Allison smiled at Teresa sadly and hugged her.
“Don’t cry. I am happy that you are back to me. I was so alone at that time.” Saying that Allison could not stop her shuddering voice. She could not stop herself anymore. The two close friends comforted one another with hugs and tears as they sobbed together. After breaking the hug, Teresa held Allison’s hand and made her sit on the bed, then sat next to her.
“Allison, what you did was never your wish. What’s now? How will you live like this?”
Allison shook her head. “It’s been a while. Everyone has changed, including me. Currently, this is my life. There is nothing else that I can do at this time.”
“But-”
“Teresa, relax. I told you the truth because you are my best friend. Don’t tell this to others. All of this was in my past. My present and future are what I am right now.”
Teresa sat there without moving or uttering a word. It seemed as though she was in conflict with herself in some way. Then she asked, “How did you pass all those days?”
“By training.”
“So, are you ready to be this pack’s Luna?”
“What else can I do? Life never gave me the chance to let me live like I wanted. It broke my heart at first by rejection, and then when I tried to mend it, it broke me once again.”
Teresa had no words to console Allison. Where they came in was a really critical point in life.
“I think…” Teresa said but paused.
“What?” Allison asked as she turned her head to her. She saw that her head was down.
“I think he still loves you.”
Allison let out a chuckle as she rubbed the palm of her hand with her thumb. “No, I have seen hatred in his eyes. I deserve it. I am the one to blame for the animosity.”
“Don’t say that.” Teresa talked to her for a while, then she got a call from Max. “I think I should leave now.” Teresa pushed herself to her feet and stood up.
“So quickly?”
“Yeah. There is some sort of file that requires my attention right now.”
“You’ve turned into a businesswoman; not bad.” Allison remarked while chuckling to herself. “You have no idea how I am feeling at this very moment. I got my best friend back. I missed you a lot.”
“I also noticed how you were missing while making a new best friend.” Allison said and wiped her eyes.
Teresa smiled, but she paused for a moment. She gave a small shake of her head and said, “I swear. She will never be able to replace you in my heart. But it is true that she is a good friend.”
“I have nothing against her in my heart. But why did she let me last night in the club?”
“Come on. Don’t try to convince me that you were blind to what she did when you saw it. She succeeded in everything.”
“That’s normal for her. She’s obsessed with Ryan. When I first met her, I thought she was insane. But then I realized that she is not a bad girl, just obsessed with Ryan.”
Allison was silently listening. Teresa realized she was talking about another woman loving Ryan in front of Allison. Allison observed Teresa’s expression, then she gave her a faint smile and reassured her, “It’s okay, Tess. I am happy that he got someone who actually loves him. Just let me know when you will come to the pack house.”
“Now.”
“Why not today? I am not feeling like going anywhere. We’ll meet tomorrow.”
“Okay. Then see you tomorrow.” Teresa responded.
Allison went downstairs with Teresa to see her off to the door. When they headed to the door, Teresa stopped when she saw Allison’s father coming from outside.
“When did you come, Teresa?” He asked and glanced at Allison.
“Some time ago, Uncle. I am leaving now.” Teresa replied without any emotion, as she was really angry at him.
“Where are you going? I prepared a few meals especially for you.”
Teresa turned to him and declined, “I would have gladly agreed with her if she had known about the reality of the situation. However, after hearing all of the things that Allison said, I became very upset with both of you.”
“Right now, I have to leave. I am grateful that you prepared for me. Goodbye.” Teresa said to her. She eventually made her way out of Allison’s home after exchanging a brief embrace. She saw her car parked outside. She unlocked the car and got inside. She glanced at the house for the last time and then drove away in the direction of the pack house.
When she reached the pack house, she noticed that Elora had already arrived. Additionally, she was also outside.
“Where were you?” Teresa asked with a surprised look while coming out of the car. Because Elora was new here, she would lose her way if no one guided her here. So Teresa was worried for her.
Elora got out of her car, closed the door, and then threw the keys to the security guard standing nearby. “Park it for me.”
“Y-Yes, Madam.” The guard said, astonished by the woman’s rude manner.
Then Elora turned to Teresa and responded to her question, “I went to the club.”
“At this time?”
“Yeah.” Elora replied while avoiding her gaze, which confused Teresa.
“You are not allowed to act in such a manner toward my people.” Their ears were able to pick up Ethan’s voice. When Teresa turned around, she saw that Ethan was standing nearby with a few pack fighters. His words were directed at Elora. He did not like how she threw the car keys at the guard.
Elora rolled her eyes and crossed her arms before continuing, “I can do whatever I want.”
“My brother did a wonderful job of spoiling you.”
“Oh my gosh. What brought on this sudden realization that he is your brother? For what? Just because he turned out to be an Alpha with more power than you?”
“You-”
“Come on, guys. Stop arguing like new lovers and sort out the things between you, which we can’t understand. Everyone is sick of hearing you two argue with each other.” Teresa’s voice broke through the silence. Ethan was taken aback by her words. Elora also did not like it either. Therefore, she started to walk to the pack house, avoiding the other two. Teresa glanced at Ethan, and then she also went inside the pack house. However, rather than going to her own room, she walked to the very last room and knocked on the door.
“Come in.” She opened the door after getting permission.
“Alpha.” She said as she looked over at Ryan, who was seated on the couch. He was using his laptop, which was positioned on the coffee table in front of the couch, to do his work. A cigarette was gripped between his two fingers, while a bottle of wine and a half-filled glass were placed next to the laptop. He gave the door a glance before responding.
“Yeah.”
Teresa could see his mood was not okay since he was working. However, she steeled herself, summoned the fortitude, and said, “Alpha, I need to talk to you.”
“I am busy right now, Teresa. Talk to Max if you have any issues with any sub-Alphas.”
She shook her head and requested, “Alpha, it’s important. I want to talk about Allison.”
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147
The next morning, Allison went to school. Her friends kept asking her if she was okay. 
“I am totally fine, guys.” She told them that she had to go a long way from the club since she went to drop Ethan off first, so she woke up late and could not come to attend the classes yesterday. 
After classes, she left the school and headed to the pack house. 
Once she arrived at the pack house, she saw that Alpha Neil and Ella were already on their way out. 
Oh, Allison,” Ella said and went up to talk to her. 
“Are you going out somewhere?” Allison questioned while taking a quick look at the vehicles. 
“Yeah. Unfortunately, one of my close friends is ill. Therefore, Neil and I are going to pay her a visit.” Ella replied. 
“Oh.” 
Alpha Neil patted her head and smiled. “We will be back tomorrow. Take care of everything.” 
“Yes.” Allison responded with a smile and nodded her head politely at 
him. 
Allison watched as they walked to the car and then drove away from the pack house area. Following closely behind them were cars crammed with pack fighters. She understood that Ethan had set them there for his parents’ safety. He was very concerned about them. 
Allison turned around when every car left the area. 
She walked to the pack house. She observed that there were only 
maids working there. She made the assumption that the guests were in their rooms. 
The maids slightly bowed to her, and she nodded at them. 
“Where is your Alpha?” She asked one of them about Ethan. 
“We have no idea. It was in the morning when he and Beta Wade left, and they had not yet returned.” 
“Okay.” 
Allison went upstairs and entered Ethan’s bedroom. She closed the door and walked to the closet. She reached into her closet. She looked for a dress and pulled out a long dress that was a dark maroon color. 
er taking a shower and getting dressed, she exited the bedroom. ne headed in the direction where the head Alpha’s office was. 
In the middle of the way, she called Ethan. But he did not receive the 
call. 
When she entered the office, the first thing she did was grab a few files, and then she went and sat down on the couch. 
She was skilled in administrative work. So when she noticed some problems, she again called Ethan. 
This time, he received the call. 
“Allison?” 
“Where are you?” 
“I came outside for a meeting. I did not want to do that in the pack house since Ryan and his officials were there.” 
“Oh.” 
“You have never called me like this. Do you have something important 
to say?” 
“Yeah, there is a problem in management in the third folder of the Crescent Moon pack.” 
“When I get back, I’ll check on that for you.” 
“Okay.” 
Allison cut the call without saying anything further. 
She spent the whole day in the office. Due to the fact that she was spending so much time there, maids came to serve her food a few times. It was important to them that they watch out for her. 
Allison highlighted another line by encircling it in a circle with a red marker pen. 
She began to feel tired. So she put the files aside on the table and leaned back against the couch for two minutes. 
She had a headache. She massaged her head and sat up. 
“I feel like I have been putting way too much strain on my eyes today.” 
After putting those files in the drawer on the desk table, she left the 
office. She closed the door behind her and went downstairs. 
She made her way to the kitchen, where she heard the maids. 
“I can’t believe I am going to be the one to serve him tea.” 
“No, I will go.” 
“Shut up and pay attention to what you were doing; I will go to his room. It’s my order.” It was the chief maid who spoke out. 
Allison paused and looked at the maids. They turned their heads and were stunned by looking at Allison. 
“What are you talking about?” She asked. 
“Young Mistress, w-we were j-just talking about A-Alpha Ryan…” The chief maid replied. She paused, cleared her throat, and began to speak again. 
“He asked for a cup of black tea.” 
Allison observed their faces and said coldly, 
“Go and inform Madam Elora about it.” 
“She is not at the pack house.” 
“Not here?” 
“Yeah, she and Madam Teresa went somewhere a few hours ago. 
“It looks like everyone has some work today.” Allison muttered to 
herself. 
“Madam Teresa asked about you.” 
“What did she ask?” 
“She asked if you were here.” 
“What did you reply?” 
“I told her that you were in the office. She said Okay.” 
Allison frowned. ‘I thought everything was okay between us now. Why didn’t she come to talk to me?’ She thought, then felt, ‘Perhaps she has important work outside.’ 
She noticed one of the maids pull the tray from another, which contained the kettle and a glass with sugar cubes. It almost spilled 
the tea from the kettle. 
“Where are you going?’ She asked the maid. 
“To Alpha Ryan’s room.” The one who was holding the tray replied. 
“Give it to me.” Allison said as she held out her hand. 
The maids were shocked by what they heard. However, the maid 
didn’t hesitate to hand the tray over to her. 
“I will give it to him. I was going back to the office room anyway.” She said and left the kitchen. 
It was already evening. She could not realize the time. Her parents would never call her since they believed she was safe in the pack 
house. 
She went upstairs and stopped in front of the intersection of the two corners. She turned to the left and took a deep breath before starting 
to walk there. 
She halted in front of the last door. She lifted her hand but hesitated 
to knock on the door. 
She recalled that when she woke up yesterday morning, her wounds were already healed. So she wanted to ask him if he desired to give her pain, then what was the reason behind healing her? 
She knocked on the door and waited outside. 
“Come in.” 
She entered the room but was stunned. He was only wearing a pair of black jeans. Allison guessed that he was searching for his shirt in the closet as he looked for something. 
The black moon tattoo on his upper back was visible to her eyes. 
That was the moment something hit her. 
“B-Black Moon? The Alpha who rules the Black Moon pack?” She mumbled to herself as she tried to match the two things. Her eyes. widened. 
When she first saw the tattoo two years ago, she was unable to process the information in her head. However, everything was starting to make sense to her now. 
He turned her head as if he had heard her mumbling and looked directly into her eyes with his predatory eyes. 
She gulped and looked away immediately. 
“W-Why are you s-shirtless?” 
He frowned and said. “Keep pretending innocent as if you have never before. By the way, what are you doing in my bedroom?” His as frigid. 
locked here and there to avoid his gaze. ‘I came here to give it to u.” She quickly made her way to the coffee table in order to set the tray there. However, there were already a great number of files scattered all over, taking up all of the available space. 
She could feel his gaze on her. She ignored it and was about to bend down to set the file together so that she could place the tray there. 
But before that, she felt a hand jerking her arm backward. 
The unexpected pull startled her, and she let out a scream. However, she could not balance the tray. She noticed the tea had spilled out of the kettle and fell on a fair and hard chest. 
Her eyes grew wider. She immediately put the tray on the couch before turning her attention to Ryan 
“Your chest!” 
Her voice was shaking as she could see the red and swollen skin like 
a line instantly printed on the right side of his chest. 
But Ryan did not let out a single word. As if he could not feel anything or as if this pain was nothing in front of him. 
“Ryan, where is the first aid box? You need to put something on that spot to alleviate the pain.” She said while looking around to locate the first aid box in the room. She wanted to go to the bathroom to check 
for it. 
But he did not let go of her arm; in fact, he tightened his grip and pulled her closer to himself. 
His eyes were sharp, and his gaze was so intense, which made Allison frightened. 
“Why did you send your best friend to talk to me about you, huh? Do you think she is your lawyer? I am warning you. Don’t try to manipulate others. Because it won’t work on me.” 
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148
Allison frowned at Ryan when she heard him. 
She sent Teresa to him? When? 
Allison came to the realization that her best friend had made an 
attempt to solve the conflict that existed between them, which was now hopeless. She could not help but feel miserable. 
‘Why did you tell those things to him, Teresa? You gave me your word that you would not tell anyone else. For the past two years, have kept all of this to myself as a secret. She thought and sighed. 
“When you see you don’t have any chance now, you managed to get 
her to talk to me.” Ryan said it with a cold tone. 
“Stop accusing me of every single thing. I didn’t send her to you.” 
“Really? Then why did she come to me?” 
“I don’t know.” 
Ryan scoffed at her and released her arm. “Get out.” 
Allison gave him an angry look and said, 
“Listen, I didn’t tell anyone to come to you and talk about me. And I will leave this room, but I want the answers to my questions. Why did you heal me the night we went to the club? You were the one
who hurt me. If you wanted to hurt me, then why did you remove my pain? How did you manage to get into my home?” Allison barraged him with a plethora of questions all at once. She paid close attention to the expressions on his face. 
But he was indifferent. 
“Done? Now get out.” 
“I didn’t get my answer yet. I won’t leave this room before getting your 
reply.” 
“Fuck your answers.” 
He then remarked before turning his back. He headed to the closet, 
where he was looking for something. 
Allison observed him pulling a black t-shirt out of the closet. He was about to put it on when she rushed to him and stopped him by grabbing the t-shirt. 
“What are you doing?” He asked. 
“You are injured. How can you wear it without applying something to it? Your skin is already swollen. If you don’t use any tonic, you are 
going to end up with blisters.” 
He let go of the t-shirt and it remained in her hand. She got the 
chance and went to the bathroom. She found the first aid box and 
returned. She saw him sitting on the couch while holding a file. 
When he felt her approaching, he looked at her. 
“Did I tell you that I want to treat it?” He asked. 
She stared at his chest in the wounded area. The red line in his chest bulged up and turned a darker red shade. 
She knew he was a stubborn man, and she was aware that she could 
not see this man be in pain. Therefore, she mustered up some 
courage and sat down next to him. 
She knew that he could insult her once again, but she decided to ignore it this time. 
He threw his file on the table, and she flinched. He glared at her when he saw her opening the box and taking out an ointment. 
She closed her eyes and mumbled to herself, 
‘Just for this time.’ 
She opened them and peered into his piercing eyes. 
“What do you think you are doing?” 
“Treating your wound.” She replied and placed the box over a file on 
the table. She grabbed his shoulders with both of her hands and 
turned them toward her. 
“Now don’t move and let me do it.” 
She thought he would oppose her again. But it surprised her when he kept quiet and let her do what she wanted to do. 
She took a cotton ball and a tonic for the burn since the whole first aid box was full of tonics set up by Doctor Linus. 
She applied a small amount of the ointment while hissing. She felt like she was the one who had been hurt, rather than him. 
She blew a little while rubbing the tonic lightly. 
“You forgot that I am an Alpha.” He spoke out. 
“Yeah, but no wound can be removed magically. It will take some time to recover, but until then, you will have to endure the pain.” 
“Not everyone is a weak Alpha like your Ethan.” He mocked her. 
She ignored his remarks and kept treating her wound. 
She was a trained Luna. She learned many things in different sectors. She gained a lot of knowledge. Not only in the techniques of combat but also in aspects of medicine. 
Because who knows when Alpha would get attacked by someone and in urgency she would have to treat his wound. 
“You look like an expert. Perhaps you do this to him regularly.” He muttered under his breath. 
His breath touched her forehead. She realized how close they were. 
She raised her head and looked at him. “He never gets wounded.” She replied while looking into his eyes. 
“How could he? He never goes to war like me. Do you know how many wounds I have to heal by myself?” 
“How many?” Her tone came out as a whisper. 
“You can’t even count. It’s not a movie where you go to war and come out without wounds, like a hero. In reality, every single wolf’s target is the head Alpha. They will jump on you together. But it will be your skills that determine whether or not you survive.” 
As she attempted to grasp the meaning of his words, she blinked her eyes. Her thoughts flashed back to the battles that she had seen portrayed on film. She had no combat experience whatsoever. Since the pack had not been attacked by anyone, she was unaware of the situation. However, after going through the training, she knew the war was not a walk in the park. It was something disastrous. The passage of time allowed people to move on with their lives, but those who had suffered the loss of members of their family could only live with regret. 
She felt his face getting closer, and at a distance of one inch, he paused and said, 
“I could heal every wound in my body. But there is one wound that I haven’t healed yet. It is raw, and someone rubs salt daily over it. Do you know what wound I am talking about?” 
“W-What?” 
“The wound you gave me two years ago.” 
Hearing him, her eyes widened as if she were lost in his eyes but had regained consciousness just now. 
She immediately stood up from the couch and looked everywhere except at him. 
“T-The things Teresa told you, that’s n-nothing. No one forced me or anything. Don’t take it seriously and leave it.” She said as she tried to remove the animosity toward her father from his head to keep him safe. 
He was silent after hearing her. So she was about to walk towards the door to leave the room. But before that, he rose up and grabbed her hand. He turned her to him, and her body pressed against his. 
“Do you think I’m a fool? Didn’t I ask you who was blackmailing you that night? I knew that man would create problems one day. My friends even told me to forcefully take you away from this pack. 
But do you know what I felt that night? I realized how weak you are, You could not stand with a man who your parents didn’t like. You could not stand with a man who loved you more than his parents. You failed to stand with a man who was not powerful like the head Alpha. 
I felt that night that you didn’t deserve to be my Luna.” 
###Chapter 149
 When Allison heard that he had always been aware of the truth, her eyes started to well up with tears.
 All this time, she thought he did not know the truth, so he raised hostility in his heart for her.
 She pushed him hard, which created a distance between their bodies, but his hand did not leave hers.
 "It's your fault too. Why didn't you tell me who you are? Why did you keep it a secret? If you told me that you were an Alpha of another pack, maybe things would not have happened like this. Maybe no one opposed our relationship. Maybe your relationship with your parents would have also been good. Maybe we..."
 She paused and bit her bottom lip to control herself. She could not say what she was feeling.
 She was angry at him at the same time she was sad.
 "Wow, Allison. Just wow. Always want to stay with convenience? Haven't you heard of it? Prosperity brings friends; adversity tries them." Ryan said and reaffirmed his hold on her to bring her closer to him.
 She could not feel anything as her mind was lost. Her wolf was also whining for him.
 "So if I were not the head Alpha of a pack, I didn't have any right to get you? And why would it have made a difference about who I was? Didn't you say you loved me the way I was? Or you changed your mind that night in greed to become a Luna, huh?"
 She shook her head and lowered it. "I-I always wanted to ask forgiveness."
 "Forgive?" He asked with shock and pushed her.
 Because of the push, she came dangerously close to falling to the ground, but she managed to keep her balance by holding the couch.
 She stood straight and turned her head at him. She saw him running his fingers through his hair in anger.
 "Two years." He muttered and fell silent for some time as if recalling those days. Then he started,
 "For two years, I have been waiting for you. Each and every day, I thought you would call off the wedding. I thought you would look for me or wait for me to return after canceling it. But what did I get in return? The woman
 I gave the right in me the most never dared to stand up on her own feet?"
 He turned to her with a pair of furious eyes. She could not be more shocked. She did know that he had been waiting for her to cancel the wedding.
 "Do you want to know what more I got which rubbed my wound like salt?"
 He clenched his jaw and asked.
 She could see contempt in his eyes. But she could not take her eyes off him.
 "That woman was becoming strong for another man. She was getting trained and learning life lessons to serve another man. She was preparing herself with every intensity to become another Alpha's Luna."
 She was stunned by his every word. He had every news of her how she had spent her life in the last two years.
 She avoided his gaze and said,
 "I-I could not c-choose you over my p-parents. I-I am so-sorry." After stating that, she quickly started walking towards the door. She was well aware that if she continued to stay here longer, she would lose herself in front of him once again.
 She grabbed the doorknob and realized that the door was locked. She recalled that she did not close the door but let it slightly open before entering the room. But when she came out of the bathroom with the first aid box, the door was closed.
 Did he lock the door?
 She was about to move the lock when she felt a hand turn her around. Her back pressed against the door.
 "I-I think I-I should leave." She sobbed while evading his eyes.
 She had been preparing herself to stand in front of him one day, but she broke down.
 If he were to say that he detested her for the past two years, she would play along and let him live his life happily.
 But he said he had been waiting for her. She had no idea how she would be able to confront the man who had once loved her so deeply.
 Even though he was the most powerful Alpha leader and could have any woman he wanted, he still waited for her.
 It pierced her heart.
 She felt depressed by his words. She was cursing herself for not canceling the wedding and kept listening to her father.
 She messed up everything.
 Now there was no possible way to get back to the old life again.
 She desired to die, just like she felt the night she broke their relationship with him.
 It was more painful than that night. She was already living her life with guilt, but how was she supposed to live from now on?
 "Please let me go now. I-I can't talk to you right now." She said and looked at him slowly.
 Her eyes were red from crying; she was continuously sobbing. Her lips were trembling when she spoke.
 Even if she wanted, she could not get a backbone for herself against this man. Because she was the main traitor in this situation. In front of her stood a devoted lover who had waited for her for so long.
 She felt that she was the one who needed to get out of everyone's lives and move far away from them.
 She did not want to be faced by the venom that shone from this man's eyes.
 Her eyes were filled with tears as she begged him to let her go and give her the opportunity to hide the agony and guilt she felt.
 "Let me go." She sobbed in silence as she uttered the words.
 He lowered his head to come to her level and replied,
 "You came here by your choice, but you can't leave until I want it."
###Chapter 150
Chapter 150
Allison stared at Ryan. She tried to see through his eyes to determine whether or not he still had feelings for her somewhere in his heart. 
Not at all. 
His piercing gaze was filled with vengeance. They were mocking her. 
She rested her head against the door and closed her eyes. Tears streamed out of her eyes repeatedly 
He was also silent. He did not move, nor did he talk to her. 
“What do you want now, Ryan?” She asked without opening her eyes. 
“A weak omega like you can’t give me anything.” He said and released her hands. 
She opened her eyes and looked at him. “If I say I am regretting everything I have done, will you be able to forgive me?” She sniffed and wiped her eyes. 
“Never.” He replied and turned around. He went to the couch and sat down. 
Her eyes followed his every move. He lit up a cigarette and started 
oking. 
..hen his eyes met hers, she lowered her head and kept quiet. 
She wanted to share her feelings toward her, but Elora’s face came to her mind, which stopped her heart totally. She was his future Luna; how could she break their relationship like that? 
She remembered how Elora was crazy for Ryan. She loved him. She was a powerful lady. Indeed, she was the perfect Luna for him. 
‘I am nothing but a useless woman who could not protect my love for him. He is right. I don’t deserve him. Allison thought. 
“Revenge is something to which no one sees any relation. No matter if it is about your parents, your family, or the person you loved once.” Ryan broke the silence after exhaling the smoke from his mouth. 
“If you want, you can kill me. Like this, everyone will be happy.” She mumbled while looking down. 
She could hear his chuckle. “I have planned something big for you, baby. Killing you is nothing in front of that.” 
Allison experienced a trembling sensation across her entire body. Concerned about the future he had in store for her, she experienced feelings of dread. The terror of the unknown began to consume her. She did not want him to give her pain; rather than this, she wanted to 
die. 
“But before we get to that, I have plans for two different people.” He 
said and smirked. 
Allison slowly lifted her head and looked at him. She could see his maniac grin. She could not help but ask, 
“W-Who?” 
Your Ethan and his lovely father-in-law.” 
As soon as she heard him, her eyes widened. “Please, don’t do anything to them. Let them go.” 
“Let them go? Yeah, you are right. They did nothing. They are saints.” He said and scoffed. 
She observed his movements. Everything about him, from the way he smoked his cigarette to the way he flicked the ash off/of it and the. way he let the smoke escape from his mouth, fascinated her. She felt 
* 
that he had never known this man. 
In the past, he had a tender heart and would joke around when he was around her. However, the consequences of her actions completely severed his feelings for her. 
She took a few slow, deep breaths in an effort to settle herself down. She balled her hands into fists and started walking toward him. 
He kept smoking while looking at her. She stopped in front of him and stated, 
“I know what they did was wrong. But you have moved on in your life. You have a giant pack to rule. You have a Luna who is very perfect for you equesting it. Please let others live a normal life. Don’t 
y problems. Everyone around us is happy.” 
m not happy to see them happy. For me, my happiness is important than theirs. I am not like you, who is the greatest son in the world and can do anything to make others happy.” 
She gulped as he spoke so sharply. She could see his furious face. 
His heart was filled with venom for Ethan and her father. 
“How can I be so careless with the man who has been after my belongings ever since I was a child?” 
Her brows narrowed as she tried to explain it to him. “He is not after your things. What yours was also his from the beginning. He is your brother. Why do you still keep in mind that he is not your real brother but your cousin? Just accept him as your own brother. When your parents adopted him, they accepted him as their own son. Can’t you see how he is, working daily just to prove to his parents that they did not make any wrong decisions to show him love?” 
As she defended Ethan, he shot her a glaring look in her direction. He. did not like it. 
“Looks like he is an actual hero in your eyes.” 
She shook her head and looked away from him. 
“It seems that I am the actual villain here in all of your lives. If I had never entered either of your lives, perhaps the two of you would have a healthy relationship.” 
He got on his feet, and she stepped back. He moved one step closer to her, at which point she retreated one more step. 
“Keep talking about that man. I will make things more difficult for him. I will cause him the kind of suffering that he has never even imagined in his wildest dreams.” 
She gazed at him sadly. She had no way to convince the man in front of her. She did not want any clashes in this family. 
“And about Elora…” He paused and smirked. 
“She is my loyal woman, and even if she dies, she will make sure to ask for my permission first. She is a thousand percent better than you. I have never made a decision that turned out to be wrong, with the exception of the one that is in front of me right now.” 
She quickly shifted her sight away from him and then turned around. When he referred to Elora as his woman, it made her feel 
uncomfortable. Even though he insulted her by comparing her to Llora, the fact that he called her his woman was the thing that hurt her heart the most. 
“Do whatever you want. I can only try to convince you not to hurt them. I don’t have anything else in my hand anyway.” She muttered and wanted to leave the room since she thought there was nothing to talk about. She did not want to break down again and again. 
However, when he walked up behind her and got close, she felt her. heart stop beating. He leaned down close to her ear and said, “What 
about you? Will you not inquire as to what kind of punishment I have in store for you?” 
She shut her eyes as her lips trembled. Tears rolled down from her close eyes. 
This time, she did not think of anyone. She would break down in front of him anyway. 
How long would she restrain herself from getting closer to him? 
So she ignored all the ties that were keeping them apart. 
She turned around and hugged him, leaving him stunned. 
Her teary face pressed against his bare torso as she embraced him tightly. 
###Chapter 151
 Chapter 151
 Her unexpected move made Ryan freeze.
 Meanwhile, Allison was unable to stop herself from tightening her hold on his torso.
 While she cried into his chest, she was unable to utter a single word.
 The fact that he did not hug her back left her in pieces, yet it did not make her release the hold.
 She did not care if he hated her more because of what she had done. She was well aware that the moment she left the room, her life would return to its previous state of misery. But in that room, no one was there except them.
 She wanted to tell him how she had been feeling without him all these days.
 Even though he had decided on punishments for her, she would do her best to accept them in her heart.
 She decided to leave everyone. She decided to break all the promises she made to her parents.
 She decided to live alone since she would not get this man back into her life. He was not hers anymore. He was someone else's man. Thinking about it eating her alive.
 She felt his hands grab her shoulders. He said,
 "Move."
 She shook her head. Her nose brushed against his chest. She sobbed hard, and her quivered lips touched his bare chest as she did so.
 "I-I am sorry for everything. I should not have been such a weakling."
 The hold that Ryan had on her shoulders began to loosen. He took his hands off of her shoulders and stood there in complete silence.
 She was unaware of his response. His eyes turned glowing orange. His face became furious. But he remained silent.
 "Believe me. I have never given your place to him for once. It was only a relationship of compromise. I tried my best to compose myself. I always thought about you every single day. I never took the necklace you gave me off my neck. It was your last trace for me. I could never forget you. You were always in my heart." She paused, and she sobbed.
 She tried to inhale hard, as she could not take a breath. When she calmed herself. She began speaking once more as if it were her final opportunity to be free of her guilt, as if the only regret she would have in her life would be if she were unable to say what was on her mind right now.
 "I know it's too late. I know you have moved on. I swear, I have no intention to break your relationship with Elora. She is a nice woman. She will make you happy in your life. And yes, you are right. She is better than me. I agree with you. You can live your life with her. But I beg you not to hate me. I can't see hatred for me in your eyes. I have been preparing myself to face you for a long time. But in front of you, I always lost myself.
 I-I...."
 She was at a complete loss for what to say. She had let out all that she had kept bottled up inside her for a very long time.
 She inhaled deeply to get a better whiff of his scent. Inside of her, she could feel her wolf howling for him. His scent had calmed her so much that it seemed to her that she had not been alive for so long.
 She remained there while hugging him for a long time. They were so close to each other that it mesmerized her mind. After a very long time, she got a chance to come this close to him.
 She felt that she was dreaming. In her dream, she could tell him what her feelings were toward him. She did not want to wake up from this dream.
 After what seemed like an eternity, she eventually raised her head to look at him while carefully removing her hands from his body.
 His eyes were black. They were so dark that she swallowed her breath. He was not looking at her but rather in the direction of the door.
 "Ryan?"
 "Leave."
 His chilly tone caused her heart to freeze. She slowly moved away while looking at him.
 She nodded her head. "Y-Yeah. I s-should l-leave." She mumbled and turned around. She walked to the door.
 This time, he did not stop her, and she left his room.
 Though his response was clear that he would never forgive her, she felt light in her heart. The heaviness that had been in her chest completely vanished.
 She was aware that he had moved on, and she promised herself that she would never interfere with his new relationship. But at least she could tell him all the truth. She did not want to betray him; it was only him who was always in her heart.
 She wiped her eyes while looking at the empty hallway. She had no idea about the time.
 She proceeded to the office room in order to retrieve her phone, which she had forgotten sitting on the coffee table.
 She then headed downstairs. She met maids on the way.
 "Young Mistress, Alpha had just returned to the pack house a few minutes ago." The maid informed her since she asked her about him when she entered the pack house today.
 "Okay." Allison replied and left the pack house.
 She was about to call her father's driver, but Ethan's driver was already outside. So he opened the back door for her, as he thought she would leave with Ethan's car.
 Instead of wasting time by calling her father's driver, Allison went ahead and climbed into Ethan's car. It was all she could think about to go back to her home right now.
 During the whole ride, she only thought about Ryan. He told her to leave.
 He did not want to forgive her. She believed that he would never forget her.
 'I will accept your every punishment, I promise. I deserve it. I gave you so much pain. I am sorry.' She thought and closed her eyes.
 After the car came to a stop, she thanked Ethan's driver and exited the vehicle.
 When she opened the main door of her house, she noticed that her parents were sitting on the couch.
 Looking at her, they stood up.
 "We were waiting for you." Joey, her mother said to her.
 "Why?" She asked while clearing her throat, and her voice sounded creaky as a result of her having cried too much.
 "You were not picking up our calls. Where were you?" Glen, her father, asked her.
 She gave him a bitter smile and replied, "I was in the pack house, just like where you wanted me to be. I really hope that the sight of myself in this state brings you a lot of joy. You made life extremely wonderful, and I am appreciating it to the fullest every single day, Dad." She responded with a sarcastic remark and then headed upstairs.
 Both Joey and Glen gazed at her until she went to her room and slammed the door loudly.
 Joey looked at her husband, whose pain was clearly visible in his eyes. She put her hand on his shoulder and said,
 "How long will you let her think that you are her life destroyer?"
 Glen looked away and shook his head. "If I had told her anything, she would have only listened to herself."
 Joey hugged her husband as she wiped tears from her eyes.
 "When are you going to tell her the real reason why you are doing this, Glen?
 When will you tell her the truth?"
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152
Elora had just come back to the pack house with Teresa. She had no idea why Teresa suddenly wanted to go outside today. She took her to the shopping mall and bought so many things as if it were her wedding. When she told Teresa that she wanted to go back, Teresa told her that she desired to have dinner outside. She took her far away to a grand restaurant, and they had dinner there. 
So Elora was super tired. She went to her bedroom and changed her clothes into a nightgown. The designers of this pack made quite an impression on her. They actually know what would look best on a woman like her. 
She was dressed in a nightgown that was all black. She brushed her wrists together while applying perfume to them first. Then she rubbed them on the back of her neck. She gave herself a wry grin as she ob ved her reflection in the mirror. 
an do it. Let’s try once again.” She told herself. 
leaving her room, she discovered that the hallway was rather ent. She made her way to the last room around the corner. The place where she was staying was meant to be the room that she and Ryan shared. However, he elected to stay alone in the last room. 
The nature of his relationship with her was not at all what other people believed it to be. Even though she tried more than a few times to lure him, he never ended up spending nights with her. 
She stood in front of the door and reached for the doorknob. But she froze when the sound of breaking things came to her ears. 
1. 
not waste any time and opened the door right away. As soon as she saw the state the room was in, she was taken aback. Things that were broken were dispersed all over the floor in different places. 
“Ryan!” 
After spotting him grasping a vase with the intention of shattering it on the ground, she rushed to him. 
She grabbed his arm and looked at him with shocked eyes. 
“What happened to you?” 
He turned his head toward her. When she looked up, she was met with a pair of the fiercest orange eyes. She gasped, and her hands loosened around his arm. She lowered her head in submission and 
said, 
“Alpha” 
“Why are you here?” Ryan asked her, and he smashed the vase on the 
floor. 
Elora flinched, and her legs trembled as the color of her eyes changed 
to green. 
“I-I just came to-” She bit her lips while looking down at the floor. 
eyes scrutinized her dress, and his eyes narrowed. “How many nes have I told you to stop doing all of this?” 
She raised her head to gaze at him and questioned, “How long are you going to be like this?” 
“Forever.” He replied, glaring at her. 
“I also have some wishes. I also want you to be with me, standing by my side. Why is it that you can’t just be mine? You said you would make me your Luna. Then why can’t you just accept me and my body? It all yours.” She said while sobbing. 
un drew forward toward her and placed his hand on her jaw. She. whimpered in pain but kept her gaze fixed on his. 
“Don’t try to do what you don’t want to do. Your body is valuable, so take care to protect it. Don’t try to use it in the same way as the 
women who sell their bodies on the market for the purpose of gaining money or powers.” 
She closed her eyes and slowly removed his hand from her jaw. 
She knew what he was talking about. But she had no choice but to accept what was happening. 
“I am sorry. I was so lost in making you mine that I forgot I have a value.” 
Ryan looked away from her and said, 
“Get out. Leave me alone. Someone has already made me quite angry. I want to destroy the whole pack right now. I am coming to the edge of my patience.” 
Elora stepped backward slowly. She felt something pierce her right foot, and as a response, she clenched her fists tightly. She exited the room without making a sound or letting Ryan know about the pain. 
WE 
out of his room, she looked at her legs, and she saw out of her leg. She could feel that there was a shard of edded in the skin there. To ease the pain, she would need move it as quickly as possible. 
She wanted to go to Teresa’s room, but it was already late at night. She did not want to knock and disturb a couple at this hour. 
She gradually moved out of the way and made an effort to head toward the staircase to ask the maid if they could help her. 
F 
sight of Ethan emerging from his bedroom caused her to make a momentary stop. 
After tearing her gaze away from him, she resumed her stroll. 
“What happened to you? Why are you limping?” He asked as he observed her bare legs stepping slowly. 
“Nothing.” She replied. 
When he noticed that she had blood on her leg, his eyes widened in 
surprise. 
“Hey! What exactly happened with your leg? It’s bleeding.” He said and hurriedly came to her. 
She tried to ignore his presence and stepped forward. 
Ethan grabbed her arm, and she mistakenly put all of her weight on her injured leg. 
“Aaahh!” 
She moaned in pain and shut her eyes. 
Ethan was stunned. “I think your wound is not a simple one. Let me check.” He remarked this while bending his head to cast a glimpse at 
her leg. 
But 
oned him and said, 
on’t have to care about me. Just take care of your fiancee.” 
nan’s anger was stoked by her statements. He took a rigid stance and looked at her. 
“Don’t include her in our conversation.” 
“Why shouldn’t I? I am sure that she said or did something to my fiance that caused him to become so angry and destroy things.” 
Towned when he heard her. “You are so arrogant about your lance, right? But he is no saint.” He retorted back. 
“At least he is not like you, who always lets his mate get in the middle 
of the way, who doesn’t have the ability to accept his mate in any way. 
Ethan froze at her reply. His brows shot up when he saw her hostile 
look toward him. 
“You know about it?” 
“About what? About how you rejected your ex-mate?” She asked. 
“No. Don’t change the topic. You know what I am saying. You know about it, don’t you? But how? You are-” 
“A hybrid?” She interrupted and chuckled while shaking her head. 
Y “You thought I was a hybrid. So since I am a witch, I won’t feel nanything. Therefore, because I am a witch, I won’t feel a thing. But you se seem to have forgotten, Alpha Ethan, that I am a wolf as well.” 
“That means you can also feel that?” He could not help but let out a wi whisper. 
Sh She smirked at him bitterly and replied, 
Of course I can feel the bond, Mate.” 
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153
Ethan was shocked when he heard Elora. He could not believe his 
ears. 
The fact that hybrids had witch blood, which was distinct from werewolf blood, typically prevented them from experiencing any kind. of mate bond. They were unable to experience anything that may be regarded as a connection to their mates. In point of fact, hybrids did. not have a mate the vast majority of the time. It was because of this that no member of the Black Moon Pack ever questioned it in any way. Because they thought Alpha Ryan made his choice by himself since a hybrid could not have a mate. 
“I thought…” He paused and stared at her. 
She laughed as if mocking him while saying, 
“You thought you could ignore your mate this time as well. Exactly the same as you did it the first time. You were even happy that I could ing, so you would not have to face rejection once again. 
ppy to get your ex-mate back, and after marrying her, you ark her so that bond would be removed.” 
e now n 
Something moved inside Ethan after hearing her words. He was fixated on her. He was completely oblivious to her feelings about it. 
However, when he realized that she could also feel, his wolf was somehow angry at him. 
He felt that he had never heard his wolf. He never once bothered to finds it what it was that he desired. He always did what he wanted. 
In mont of him stood a woman who was his second chance mate. 
From the moment she entered the pack house, he knew that she was 
his mate. 
That day, when Allison was shocked to look at Ryan as the head 
Alpha, he was no less surprised. But what shocked him more was the woman beside him. 
During the past two years, he put a lot of effort into becoming calm so that he could be with Allison. He even felt that he loved her 
daringly. 
But looking at this woman, he felt strange. Something like that had never occurred to him in regard to Allison. He was well aware that the mate bond was the sole thing responsible for his current state of mind. 
Was his fate making fun of him? 
Why could his mate not find anyone but his brother? 
Why did she come into his life one month before his long-awaited marriage with Allison? 
Why did his life not allow him to live peacefully for once? 
a could see how lost he was. She averted her gaze and started to 
walk ahead. 
“Where are you going?” Ethan asked her. 
“None of your business.” 
He held her hand to stop her. “There is blood coming from your leg. You can’t get down that way.” 
She jerked her hand free from his grasp and replied angrily, 
away from me.” 
When she was about to take the first step up the staircase, he wrapped his arms around her waist and thighs and lifted her up. 
“WHAT THE HELL!” 
“Stop shouting. I am just trying to help you.” He said that and turned around. He walked to his room while holding her in his arms. 
“Put me down. I don’t want your help.” 
He did not listen to her and opened his room’s door. After stepping inside, he used his leg to hold the door shut behind him.. 
“I will call Ryan here by using the mind link. He will kill you if he gets to know what you are doing with me. It won’t take him more than a few moments to put an end to you.” 
His steps halted as he looked at her. His piercing gaze fixed on her, giving her a feeling of nervousness for some reason. However, she was not a weak woman; she glared at him back. 
He then positioned her on the bed. She sat up straight and looked at him. He got down on one knee and lowered his head to speak to her at eye level. 
familiar with him than you are. So stop teasing me by 
ut him all the time.” 
stomach churned as she realized how near they were. With the 
exception of Ryan, she had never been this close to any other man. Though it was always her who tried to get close to Ryan. 
She wondered why Ryan never touched her. Two years ago, people used to talk about him using new women every night, but he did not touch her when she tried it so many times. 
Perhaps she was not charming enough for him. Before she came 
she had a constant feeling of jealousy toward Allison. Because e was the only woman Ryan wanted to get close with. After breaking up with her, he never touched another woman. 
Elora always thought that Allison might have a more formidable witch as she attempted to win Ryan’s attention. But then again, who could move Alpha Ryan? No magic could be used on him. No one had the ability to cast any spells on him. 
He was the one who gave all the witches his shadow. 
When Ethan noticed that she was not replying, he moved away and walked to his closet. 
Her eyes followed his every movement. He took out a transparent box and came to the bed. 
She was able to make out a variety of ointments, creams, tweezers, and scissors within the box. Everything was present. 
When she knew what he would do, a sigh escaped her mouth. When she noticed that he was sitting next to her, she said to him, 
“Give it to me.” 
He did not listen to her and grabbed her ankle. He pulled her leg and placed it ones lap. 
at his sudden pull. It made her nightgown a little mess. 
s became visible to him. 
e tried to adjust her dress while saying, 
“How dare you pull my leg like that? You are such a shameless man! Do you even know that you are touching a woman who belongs to someone else?” 
His focus shifted to the nightgown she was wearing. The robe was the only thing that was concealing her flawless body and cleavage from his eyes. 
“Where did you get hurt from?” He inquired as he turned his gaze away from her body. After opening the box, he immediately began 
Bail 
he replyingplving, 
o locksitherat her. 
He emarked at herpespined handaged it slowly, then, auch 
You know mate can hear them 
nement to 
khow the process of ne sito do 
this hour while wadewetirest these Not own acwing gath 
my man can go to harto him snt matter can wear nor any attire he loves bam ready deady for hi 
Amie Almost instantly, she removed h the githe ground below. She jumped t 
“Don’t Don’t even think of these types have have my Ryan He hasghe power 
Savingaying that she rushed out of the 
EsharEthan did not know what had hi 
was ewes every ready to heal her. Ther 
He starestared at the door and signed 
her wound, she let out a painidiainful 
talking nonsense, on i will pusiti push 
his warning. She did not d not 
ontinue with what he wase was 
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154
“Why is every woman after Ryan's possessions?” Allison muttered as she stared at the bits of glass from her shattered vase.
Ethan gently spread an ointment on her leg. “You should rest and avoid moving your leg for now.”
Allison wanted to move her leg, but Ethan’s firm touch prevented her from doing so. “Do we have another option to monitor the wound without involving the pack doctor?” she asked.
Ethan smirked at her, perplexed. “You know what, Allison? I’m not the one you should be asking about your mate’s wound if he is an Alpha.” He paused, looking at her intently before continuing. “But if you want, I can help.”
Almost instantly, she removed her leg from his lap and set it down on the ground below. She jumped to her feet and yelled in a hurried voice, “Don’t even think of these things, Ethan. I belong to Ryan. He has the power to heal me at any time.”
Saying that, she rushed out of the room even though she was in pain.
Ethan did not know what had happened to her suddenly that she was even ready to heal her wound on her own. He stared at the door and sighed. “Why is every woman after Ryan?” He lamented as he took over his possessions. “What about the woman who truly holds my heart at the same time he is going to marry his second mate.”
Allison decided to go to the pack house. Last night, she had made the decision to talk with Alpha Neil. Only he had the power to stop the wedding. She was aware that their reputation would be at stake in the eyes of other Alphas because it was too late to do anything about it now.
Allison exited her room. When she got downstairs, she saw her mother.
“My dear, don’t behave rudely with your dad. You know how much he loves you. Your behavior is hurting him. We never raised you like that.”
Allison maintained her gaze on her for a while. She struggled within herself about whether or not she should argue with her.
“Mom, you two have already ruined my life. I know you are my parents. But this does not imply that the two of you bought me. I am aware of the loving and attentive way in which both of you raised me. I tried to amend things by choosing you. But I feel like I can’t repay you at all. I am worn out. I just can’t carry on like this any longer.”
Her mother’s eyes widened. “What do you mean?”
“Mom, I don’t want to talk about it anymore. I will talk to the man among us who holds the position of authority.”
Her mother sprinted to her and seized hold of her hand. “Don’t do anything childish. Let your father come back home. We will talk about it, okay?”
Allison removed her mother’s hand from hers and replied, “Mom, please. We can’t talk about it anymore.”
She exited the house and began walking in the direction of the street. Because her father had left earlier with his car, she would need to take a cab.
When she arrived at the pack house, she realized that Alpha Neil and Ella were not there. She saw Teresa and Beta Max sitting on the couch. They were having a good time. When Teresa noticed her, she stood up and rushed to her. She hugged her and said, “Good morning.”
Allison patted her on the back before greeting her. “Good morning.”
“What did you want to say?” Teresa asked nervously.
Allison smiled at her expression. “He is not a fool. He knew that from the start. He hates me because I don’t deserve him. I betrayed him by being so weak. I should have stood up on my feet and chosen him.”
Teresa let out a heavy sigh. She tried her best to resolve their matter, but she failed. “I don’t know what to say.” Teresa muttered.
“What you did was enough. I am grateful to you, Tess.” Allison said and hugged her.
Allison’s attention was caught by the sight of the staircase. She noticed that Elora was stepping on the first step. Her movements were quite shaky. She was on the verge of falling when someone grabbed her around the waist and prevented her from falling down.
Allison and Teresa broke the hug and stood up in surprise. They were worried for Elora and ignored the man who was holding her waist. “Be careful,” the man said while he had a firm grip on Elora. Elora gave him a look before pushing his hands away.
“I will be careful. You don’t have to be concerned for me, Alpha Ethan.”
Elora’s response was delivered through clenched teeth.
“Okay, as you wish,” Ethan said and immediately released her.
Elora’s eyes widened as she almost fell; however, once again, Ethan held her. This time, he grasped her wrist and pulled her closer. He drew her close to him and said, “It appears that you have made a practice of accepting my help. But you are an ungrateful woman. You don’t know how to thank others.”
Allison stared at them from downstairs. She furrowed her brows as she observed Ethan’s behavior towards Elora. For a few days, she could see his changing behavior, which she tried to understand.
Elora did not argue with him and allowed him to assist her in descending the steps. When they reached the bottom of the steps, Ethan took his hand off of hers. He glanced at Allison and asked, “When did you come?”
“A few minutes ago,” Allison replied and looked at Elora. She was about to ask her if she was okay when her attention was drawn to the bandage that was covering her foot.
Before Allison could say more, Elora was interrupted by a phone call. She gave her phone a quick peek. Her facial expression started to show signs of nervousness.
“Excuse me,” she said to them and walked slowly to the garden. Allison stared at her back and thought, “Whose call made her so nervous? Why does she need to go outside to talk with the person?”
###Chapter 155
 Chapter 155
 "I was just helping her."
 Ethan's voice reached Allison's ears. She turned to him and nodded at him.
 "Yeah, I saw that."
 She glanced at Teresa, who was staring at Ethan. She did not know what the reason behind her deep gaze was.
 Ethan held Allison's hand and said,
 "Let's go to the office. I want to know the problem you were talking about yesterday on the phone."
 Allison headed upstairs with him. She turned to Teresa and said,
 "I will talk to you later."
 "Sure."
 Ethan pulled her with him to the way of his office. But when they were heading there, they met Ryan, who was coming out of the hallway.
 They paused while looking at him.
 Ryan glanced at Ethan's hand that was grabbing Allison's wrist.
 Allison tried to break free when she noticed Ryan looking at her hand.
 However, Ethan did not release her hand.
 "Alpha Ryan, Good morning," Ethan said to him.
 Ryan looked at him, ignoring Allison totally.
 "Morning." He responded and passed them.
 Allison turned her head toward him. He did not look back at her for once.
 She lowered her head as she recalled last night. She remembered how much he hated her.
 When Ryan was nowhere in their sight, Ethan released her wrist and grabbed her shoulder. It caused her to turn her attention to him.
 "How long?" He asked.
 "What?"
 "How long will you keep loving him like this?"
 Allison looked away from him, avoided the question, and asked,
 "Why don't you just step back from the marriage?"
 "And then what? Will you go to him?"
 She shook her head. "No way. I won't disturb his life. Elora loves him."
 "And him? Does he love her?"
 His question froze her. But she knew the answer. She heard how much he
 cared about Elora. She had even seen it in the art gallery.
 "Yeah. He also loves her. They are made for each other."
 "Rubbish." He muttered and let go of her shoulder.
 She frowned at him. "What do you mean by it? They look so good together.
 No one can make Elora happier than him. And I think Elora is perfect for him. She will make him happy as well."
 Ethan glared at her as if he did not like her words at all.
 "Stop overthinking." He said and turned to head to his office.
 "What's wrong with him?" She whispered to herself while following him behind.
 Ethan reached his office and opened his drawers to take out important files.
 Allison sat in the opposite chair and showed him a few problems in management.
 Ethan stared at the problems on the papers.
 "Do you think they have bad intentions for our pack?"
 "It's okay. We don't have to recall everything again."
 "I think the East flow pack is creating some problems. They don't look like they are entering into any alliances. Have you seen their pack business?
 They are avoiding our every deal and going for our rival packs." Allison stood up and pointed her finger at a few red circles that she had marked yesterday.
 "I don't know. But wasn't it the head Alpha of the East Flow pack who attacked you? You almost died to save m-"
 She paused when she recalled that accident. He actually saved her that day.
 Because of her, he did not shift or tried to fight back.
 Allison took a deep breath and sat on the chair. She did not forget his help.
 He saved her a few years ago as well, when she was just a teenager.
 Her father had told her once that he and Alpha Neil had decided to tie the knot that night.
 "Though I know I am always being rude to you, I never forgot how you saved me." She mumbled.
 Ethan smiled at her. She glanced at him and could see regret reflected in his eyes once again.
 "If I get the chance again, I will save you no matter who is in front of me."
 She lowered her head and shook her head.
 "I don't deserve your love, Ethan. I don't deserve your brother either. I should live alone. I am a weak and cowardly woman. I should have settled everything from the beginning. I should not have come into the two brother's lives."
 Ethan stood up from his chair and walked toward her. He bent down and cupped her cheeks.
 "Even if I have to leave my happiness, I will protect you from every danger.
 You deserve everything. I should say sorry to you. Everything that is happening is not your fault. It's just.." He paused and let go of her cheeks.
 "It's just what?" She asked and looked at him.
 "Nothing. Just think that it was our fate that tangled all of us together. We are just pawns of fate."
 Allison got on her feet and replied,
 "I can't let my fate play with me anymore. I will break the wedding and let myself free from all kinds of complicated relationships."
 Ethan's eyebrows shot up. He narrowed his eyes.
 "What are you saying?"
 "Please, Ethan. This time, don't stop me. You said you loved me. If you ever loved me for once, then support me and let me go."
 Ethan was caught off guard. He shook his head.
 "You can't go to him."
 "I won't. He has his woman. I will leave this pack and go abroad. Maybe there I will start a new life. Just please support me this one last time."
 Ethan stared at her for a while, as if he had no words left.
 Allison felt mad at him. She yelled,
 "Why can't you understand? We can't be happy with each other. If you won't help me, then don't. I will talk to your father when he returns. He will surely help me."
 Ethan did not respond to her. He lowered his head, which made Allison realize that he would never let her break the marriage.
 She left his office angrily while slamming the door behind her.
 Ethan walked to his chair and sat down. He pressed his hands on his forehead and muttered,
 "You said that if I ever loved you, I would support you. But because I loved you, I made this choice even though I knew it would hurt you. I can't let you go, Allison."
###Chapter 156
 Chapter 156
 Allison had breakfast with Teresa. They talked to each other for a while.
 She told Teresa that she would talk to Alpha Neil.
 Teresa said that it would be better for her to break it as soon as possible since their wedding date was in the next month.
 As soon as Elora returned from her conversation with another person, she looked mad. When Teresa asked her who she was talking with, she replied that it was just a friend.
 As soon as Elora returned from her conversation with another person. She found her in a state of distress. Elora had always been a confident woman, but in this moment, she appeared lost.
 Allison waited for Alpha Neil to come back to the pack house. She even asked Wade about him and Ella. Wade informed her that they were already on their way.
 Alpha Neil and Ella made their way back to the pack home when the clock struck noon.
 Allison and Teresa left Teresa's room and went to the living room. Teresa went there not to say anything but only to support Allison when she talked.
 Nevertheless, when Allison looked at Alpha Neil and Ella, she couldn't help but hold her breath.
 It did not appear as though either of them were in the mood for conversation. They looked upset. She looked at Ella and asked,
 "How is your friend?"
 Ella shook her head and replied,
 "Doctors said that she has no chance to live long. She has a few days left of her life; she will die anytime, leaving her family behind."
 Allison walked over to Ella and gave her a hug when she saw how broken she was for her dear friend.
 Allison was at a complete loss for words. To console her, she caressed her back.
 Alpha Neil went in the direction of his room. Allison gave him a glance but did not attempt to stop him.
 She turned her head to glance at Ella and then inquired, "Have you eaten your lunch yet?"
 "No."
 "Then I am going to tell the maids to serve it on the table."
 "I don't have an appetite, dear."
 "No, you have to eat. Otherwise, you will get sick." Allison stated while looking at the maids, and then she gave them the order to quickly start serving lunch.
 The maids bowed to her and rushed to the kitchen.
 Ella took both of Allison's hands in hers as she spoke.
 "I am fortunate to have you as my daughter-in-law. People have the misconception that a daughter-in-law can never be a daughter. But they are wrong. The reason for this is that they do not have a daughter-in-law as wonderful as you."
 Allison stared at Ella. Her expression conveyed a lot of love and concern for her. She wondered if she would feel sad if she got to know about her thoughts of breaking the marriage.
 She did not respond to her words and smiled at him. "Please go and clean yourself up. We will meet in the dining room."
 Ella nodded her head. She turned her head and paused when she noticed
 Elora standing some distance away.
 Elora looked away from them and was about to leave the living room, but
 Ella stopped her.
 "Elora, come here, dear."
 After turning her head, Allison could see Elora coming closer to them. She came to a halt in front of them and said to Ella,
 "Yes?"
 "I know our relationship with Ryan is not good. He doesn't want to connect with us in any way. However, he has no way of denying the fact that he is our son. That makes you my daughter-in-law as well." Ella stated this as she moved her hand above Elora's head and then placed it there.
 Elora's brows shot up in surprise. That was an unexpected turn of events.
 "I hope you will have all of your happiness with my son. We love Allison very much because, from her childhood, we saw her brought up in front of us. She is like our own daughter."
 Allison lowered her head and kept listening to the conversation quietly.
 Ella continued, "But it doesn't mean we don't like you. We met at the wrong time. We have always wanted our son to grow up to be a decent person.
 That's why his relationship with his father is not so good.
 But he never revealed the confident side of himself to us either. Perhaps he is keeping something in his heart for all of us. But I want you to stand by his side in every situation. He will never tell us if he feels anything. But since he chose you as his Luna, he may really care for you. Maybe he has given you the place in his heart that we could not grab. So please, my dear, be the best Luna and always support him."
 Allison tightened her fists as she heard Ella's words toward Elora. Her eyes
 turned glossy. She cleared her throat and said,
 "Excuse me." She left for the kitchen while wiping the corner of her eye.
 Meanwhile, Elora's eyes kept glancing at Allison all the time.
 She looked at Ella and nodded at her.
 "No matter what happens, I will stand by his side. He is my fate maker. My life belongs to your son. So don't worry."
 Ella was stunned by her words. Her remarks were just too deep for anyone to comprehend. But she gave her a warm grin and said,
 "Long live, and may you be happy in your life with my son." It was a blessing for her.
 But little did she know that the fates of the two women to whom she had just bestowed a blessing were intertwined with her other two sons.
 When the maids had finished setting the table for lunch, they went to inform everyone to come for lunch.
 Everyone entered the dining room and took a seat. Alpha Neil sat a few seats away from the head seat as he let it empty for Ryan.
 Allison sat down quietly as she waited for a window of opportunity to speak with Alpha Neil. At the dinner table, she was unable to engage in conversation with him. Before she could go back home, she had to stop and have a conversation with him first.
 Ethan eventually joined them, and then Ryan entered the room with his officials.
 Everyone started to have lunch. The dining room was quiet; only the sounds of cutlery could be heard.
 Ryan looked at Ethan and broke the silence by saying,
 "It's been a while since I came here with my people. You really did great in hospitality, but I can't stay here any longer."
 Everyone paused eating and turned their heads at Ryan.
 Ryan ignored others and announced,
 "I am leaving your pack tomorrow night."
###Chapter 157
 Chapter 157
 "Tomorrow night?"
 Ethan asked and stared at Ryan. Everyone was stunned by his decision.
 "Why tomorrow?" Ella spoke out with a shocking tone.
 Ryan did not turn to face her but nevertheless answered the question she asked.
 "Maybe you did not count the days, Mrs. Iversen. I told you all that I would be here only for a week."
 Everyone had almost completely lost track of the time. They were unable to comprehend how a week had already gone by in front of their very eyes.
 Allison fixed her gaze on Ryan. Her insides were filled with resentment.
 She felt bitter in her heart. Hearing about his leaving, her heart clenched inside.
 She knew one day he would leave, but seeing him after a long time, she did not want to let go of him once again.
 For once, she wanted to be selfish and wanted him to stay here in front of her eyes.
 At least she could see him.
 "Ryan, you can stay for a few weeks. You can leave after attending your brother's wedding." Alpha Neil said. His voice was calm. His tone was one that suggested he was making a request.
 "Our pack can't function without our Alpha. For an extended period of time, we cannot place our faith in sub-Alphas. Who knows when they may begin to think highly of themselves and start to plot against their ruler?" Gamma Colin spoke out while eating.
 "That means he can't stay but come back later, right?"
 "No. It's Alpha's choice. Only if he wants, he will." Gamma Colin replied to
 Alpha Neil mockingly while eating.
 Allison sent a glare in Colin's direction.
 'Who is he? His Alpha's personal assistant? How can he talk like that to an elder?' She thought.
 Unexpectedly, Colin's eyes caught her gaze. He regarded her with a raised brow. Almost instantly, she turned her gaze away from him.
 The way Colin spoke did not sit well with Ethan. He questioned Ryan,
 "What about the alliance?"
 Ryan never stopped eating, despite the fact that other people were having discussions all around him.
 But he paused when he heard about the alliance.
 He placed the fork and knife on the plate and asked,
 "Did I ever promise any kind of alliance? Because I can't remember it."
 "But I sent those invitations for your alli-"
 "We don't need any alliances from him, my son." Alpha Neil interrupted Ethan.
 Ryan cast his gaze upon Alpha Neil.
 Alpha Neil gave him a warm grin and said,
 "Thanks for coming to visit our pack, Alpha Ryan. It's nice to meet you.
 Allow us to throw a party in honor of your departure."
 Ryan could not help but chuckle. "I see. You are not a fool, Alpha Neil. By throwing a party, you will let other Alphas know how long I have been here in your pack. If they believe that I am on your side, they will absolutely refrain from attacking you. They will keep a safe distance from your pack."
 Alpha Neil's face turned pale. Ella shook her head and said,
 "Ryan, why are you saying this? Don't doubt your father's intention. It's a
 respect that he wants to show towards you."
 Ryan rolled his eyes and stood up. "Let's see how much respect he can show me. I am okay with attending the party before leaving."
 Saying that Ryan left the dining room. But his officials did not leave. They kept eating as if nothing had happened.
 Ella looked surprised, as if Ryan had not informed her about leaving.
 She raised her head, and her eyes fell on Ethan, who was gazing at her. She ignored his eyes and got to her feet.
 "Excuse me. I am done eating."
 She left the dining room. Everyone knew that she would follow Ryan.
 "Wade, be sure you invite everyone and arrange everything in the best way.
 It will be a grand party. He should not think that we have any bad intentions towards him." Ethan told his beta while gazing at Ryan's officials.
 Allison lost her appetite. Teresa looked at her with sad eyes.
 Allison glanced at Alpha Neil and said,
 "Uncle, I have something to talk about with you."
 "What is it, Allison?"
 "It's important. If you have free time after lunch, then we can ta-"
 "No." Ethan cut her off.
 She glared at him. He shook his head while warning her not to say anything.
 "You are the soon-to-be Luna of this pack. I need your help. You can talk to
 Dad anytime later. So after lunch, follow me."
 "Ethan is right. He needs you more. We can talk later, dear." Alpha Neil said to her.
 Allison bit her lip and nodded her head. Once again, Ethan stopped her.--
After leaving the dining room, Ella proceeded towards the stairs. But she halted when she heard the ringing of her phone.
 She clenched her hand into a fist as she viewed the display on her phone.
 She turned her head and noticed that there was nobody else there.
 Therefore, she received the phone call.
 "Why did you call me?"
 "Are you doing what I said to you?"
 Elora closed her eyes and sighed.
 "I beg you, don't bother calling me. I would rather not engage in conversation with you. I am just done with you."
 "Don't try to lose your track. I know how to control you."
 Elora cut the call without replying. She felt tears glistening in her eyes. She wiped her eyes and rushed upstairs to her room.
 She saw Ryan standing outside her room. She stopped and looked at him.
 He frowned at her while puffing on the cigarette that he was holding between his fingers.
 "Why are you crying?" He asked while observing her face.
 She shook her head with fear in her face. "N-Nothing."
 He approached her and lightly gripped her jaw with the hand that was holding the cigarette.
 While he was tilting her face to the left and right, she closed her eyes.
 "Does my hybrid start to hide things from me?"
 Her eyes flung open. "No." She mumbled while looking into his orange eyes.
 "Don't you want to leave?"
 "I-I do."
 He acknowledged her with a nod and then moved in close to whisper in her ear.
 "By any chance, do you find yourself falling for your mate?"
###Chapter 158
Chapter 158
Elora’s eyes widened. She felt a shiver in her whole body. She did not believe what Ryan was saying. 
As she shook her head, a gleam emanated from her eyes. 
“Absolutely not, Alpha. I just can’t let myself fall for him. He does not have any rights over me. He doesn’t deserve me.” 
Ryan let out a chuckle in response to her words. He distanced himself from her. 
“Then who do you deserve? Me?” 
Elora blushed and lowered her head. She knew he was teasing her. She believed no woman in the world deserved such a fine man as him. 
His strength and skill were unparalleled, and no one else could compete with him. 
She felt a hand patting her head. She raised her head and looked at 
him. 
“You all should know that your fates are in my hands. Only I will decide how you all end up.” 
Elora averted her gaze from him. “Yes, Alpha.” 
“Go and have some rest. Prepare yourself for tomorrow. Because tomorrow night will be a big night for you.” 
“W-What will happen?” 
“You w 
find out about it in due time.” 
Elora gave a slight nod of the head before entering her room. 
Ryan’s eyes turned back to black. He turned around to go to his room 
“Ryan” 
He heard a voice, which stopped his footsteps. 
He did not turn but stood there without moving. 
“Ryan, can we talk, my child?” 
Ella asked while looking at her son. 
“No, Mrs. Iversen. We can’t.” He responded and went to his room. 
He was about to shut his door when her mother stood at the door. 
“Please, let me come in.” 
Ryan looked at the woman who gave him birth but never cared about him for years. 
He turned around and went inside without closing the door. 
Ella entered the room and closed the door. She walked inside and 
looked around the room. 
“I heard you exchanged rooms. Why didn’t you choose the master bedroom? Or you could have stayed in your old room.” Ella said. 
“Do you have anything else to say other than these, Mrs. Iversen?” Ryan asked and sat on the bed. 
He threw the cigarette bud that had lost its flame. He was about to light another cigarette when his mother stopped him by grabbing his 
hand. 
His dark eyes looked at her. She could not help but feel some unknown fear in her son’s aura. 
How 
her. 
she was his mother. He could not push her away by scaring 
She grabbed the cigarette and threw it on the floor. She did not 
remove her hand from his and sat on the bed beside 
him. 
“Will you now smoke in front of your mother?” She asked softly. 
He scoffed at her. “Mother? Whose mother? You are no one to me. You are Ethan’s mother, Mrs. Iversen. Stop wasting your time here.” 
Saying that, he tried to pull out his hand. But his mother was adamant about letting go of his hand. He did not force it, or else she would get hurt. 
“Why did you decide to come here? He inquired while giving him an annoyed expression on his face. 
“For how much longer are you going to act like this? Ryan, you are not a child any longer.” 
“Stop giving speeches. Please let me know. If you have any 
ions to my staying at your home, I will leave tonight. I have a whole pack to rule. I am not an unemployed person who is currently enjoying a life of leisure.” 
“It does not matter how powerful you become or how strong of al pack you control; you will always be my son. You are still my stubborn Ryan to me.” 
Ryan let her talk. He ignored her as if she were invisible. 
She cupped his cheeks and turned his head toward her. 
“Ryan, will you punish your mother like this?” Her voice cracked in the middle of the sentence. Her eyes turned glossy, and they shed tears 
Ryan stared at her tears. He used to care about his mother, but two years ?, he came to the realization that she was just like his father “You just gave me birth. You never brought me up. During those eigh years when I was on my own, when I was outside the pack, had you 
ever cared for me?” He let out angrily. 
She sobbed and replied, 
“Me and your dad, we never thought bad for you. We only wanted you. to be a good man. Nothing else. Whenever your father reprimanded you, he almost always felt bad about it afterward. He never
demonstrated it in front of you at any point. However, he was always. concerned about you. After you severed all communications with us, he was the one who looked for you among the pack where you used to live. He was worried for you. And when you said you would come back, he was the one who was happier than anyone else. Whenever you wanted to leave, he stopped you by asking you to wait for Ethan’s coronation because he wanted you to stay here longer. Just like he tried to do a while ago in the dining room.” 
Ryan laughed at her words. After removing her hands from his cheeks, he stood up and walked away. He proceeded towards the window and stopped there before continuing. 
“Don’t make fun of your own husband. The things you are saying do 
ot match his actions at all. Your husband never liked me. He always supported his elder son. From childhood, what I wanted, he gave that to him.” 
“That’s because he never wanted to make Ethan feel that he was adopted. We never wanted him to feel he was cornered.” 
“During that process, you seemed to have forgotten that you had another child who was the same age as Ethan. Every time I came to you, I saw you busy with him. I never had a problem with his adoption. never had a problem with him either. I had problems with my parents since they were so focused on pleasing their older son that they neglected me throughout my entire existence.” 
Ella std up and walked to her son. “We are surprised that you have 
were so many achievements in your life. We unable to recognize the 
US BONUS 
potential that you possessed. But were happy for you. We have heard about how you won the wars and dominated the packs, and we are proud that you are our son But please, don’t break us. We will
never go to claim that you are our son to anyone. But don’t break the relationship with us. We are getting old. We can’t handle these. Forgive us for our mistakes.” 
Ryan’s eyes were fixed on the woods as he stood there staring out the window. 
Ella rested her hand on her son’s shoulder. 
“Ryan” 
She was a crying mess. She did not want to lose her son. When he left the pack two years ago, she was on the verge of a mental 
breakdown. But if he decided to leave forever, she would die. 
“Me and your dad don’t want anything from you. Your dad regrets. every day how he behaved with you all these years. If you had ever told him that you wanted to become a head Alpha, he would have considered the separation of this pack into two. But-” 
r wanted his pack. You two will never understand me. There never anything I wanted from you. You can’t go back in time and give me my childhood back, no matter how much you want to make things right.” 
His words broke Ella’s heart. She felt her heart getting slower from 
the wounds. 
Ryan turned to her and grinned at her. 
“Since you took a step forward to talk to your son to clear your heart out, let me alert you, Mom. 
Get r 
or your inevitable demise, I won’t let any of you go.” 
###Chapter 159
Chapter 159
“What are you saying? I will go and ask for forgiveness from him? Have you lost your mind, Ella?” Alpha Neil spoke out. 
“Yes, you will. I can’t lose my son. For the first time, he disclosed to me how he felt all these years. I can’t let him go after breaking our relationship. I won’t get my son back if he leaves this time.” Ella yelled at her husband. 
She was crying. She did not take Ryan’s warning to heart. All she felt was what Ryan had told her about himself. She could not listen to her son’s bitter words, so she left his room and came to her husband to convince him. 
She realized that all of her life she was so busy caring for her elder son that she ignored her other child. She should have cared for them equally. He was a child at that time. If she and Neil had taken care of him properly, his mind would not have been filled with hatred for them. 
“I won’t go to him. He should come to me. I am his father; he is not my father.” 
Ella stared at her arrogant husband. She felt that her son went on with his father. Both of them were egoistic people. 
“Do whatever you two want. Do me a favor. Just kill me. I can’t take all of this mentally anymore. I am tired of my life and broken relationships.” Ella said angrily and walked to the door. 
When she left the room, she saw Allison standing out of the room 
Allison 
red her head and let her go. Ella wiped her tears and 
walked away from there. 
Allison turned her head and glanced at Ella’s back. She could see how 
painful the situation was for a mother. 
She came here to talk with Alpha ‘eil about the wedding. However, 
the heat of the room was not cool at all 
She overheard what Ella was saying to Alpha Neil. 
“Allison?” 
Alpha Neil’s eyes fell on Allison when she was staring at Ella’s back. 
Hearing Alpha Neil’s voice, Allison turned around and looked inside 
the room. 
“Come here, my child.” Alpha Neil said to her. 
Allison entered the room and stood in front of him. 
“I came here to talk, Uncle.” 
“Yeah, you wanted to talk about something.” 
Allison nodded her head. She was nervous about how she would talk 
to him. She had been so sure she would tell him everything, but now she was distressed. 
Alpha Neil thought that Allison was silent because she heard Ella. 
He sighed and said, “My child, I know you heard us.” 
Allison looked at him and said, 
“I didn’t want to. It’s just that I came here to talk to you.” 
“What are your thoughts about it?” 
Allison did not know what she should reply. She averted his gaze an replied, 
“I think he needs his parents. He is really lonely in his life. How can person stay away from his parents when they are still alive?” 
Alpha Neil shook his head. “Dear, did I ever tell him to leave? It was always his decision. He always felt jealous of Ethan.” 
Allison did not like it. She raised her head and said, 
“He never felt jealous of Ethan, Uncle. He only wanted his parents to treat him the way they treated Ethan. I am sorry, but I think you have misconceptions. You never understood your son.” 
Alpha Neil was taken aback by her remarks. “He is an impolite man. I always tried to make him a polite person by scolding him. He thought. I was his enemy.” 
Allison smiled at him sadly. “Uncle, love can sometimes accomplish. what rigid demeanor can not.” 
“You mean I was harsh on him?” He frowned and asked. 
Allison felt that she should not be afraid of anyone. She would have, to take a stand for Ryan. She did not have to show it to Ryan how she felt for him. But, unbeknownst to him, she could make his father 
understand the truth. 
a deep breath and replied, 
apologize if you feel I am impolite, but I have always observed your reacting differently with him. Your behavior toward Ethan was far better than how you behaved with Ryan. Of course, a boy whose father never took him for a run would believe his father did not love 
him.” 
Alpha Neil’s expression changed. 
He suddenly remembered Glen’s birthday night. He had witnessed her 
defend Ryan 
he was going to attack him in rage. They appeared to 
be very close to each other. 
“How do you know about it? Did he tell you: 
of these?” He asked. 
? 
She nodded her head. She looked emotional which did not go unnoticed by Alpha Neil. Her face was soft and sorrowful for the first time in two years. As if she was carving sorrow in her heart. Otherwise, no one could have read her for all these years. 
“He did. He shared his pain with me once. But I am upset that you could never understand his pain. He was a child who was raised by his parents yet lived alone. Have you ever considered why he
never contacted you? It’s because he thought you all didn’t like him. You failed to express your feelings for him.” 
She noticed his look. She could see his pain in his eyes. He was, nonetheless, a strict man. He did not want to show his inner feelings 
to anyone. 
“I always wanted good for him. He even kept everything about himself hidden from us.” 
“You are the one who constantly mocks him for power and ability. He was a formidable Alpha, yet he made you believe he was useless. He was used to your behavior. He only showed you how you thought 
him.” 
shifted his gaze away from her. “I’m done talking about him, Allison. Let’s wrap this up. I admire how powerful he has become. I don’t want anything from him. If he still thinks we are careless, then let him be. I have nothing to do.” 
Allison closed her eyes, and tears fell on her cheeks as she could not stop herself. 
“You are right. You have nothing to do now.” She grumbled and turned to leave, bo stopped when she heard him again. 
“I had planned his birthday two years ago to extend my hand to him. But what did he do? He insulted me and left the pack without any reason.” 
Allison recalled that night, which was a nightmare for her. 
“Though it was his birthday, you elebrated Ethan’s wedding announcement. You could not give him one night to think that his father cared for him.” 
“Do you think I am not a good father?” 
Allison was silent for some time, then she wiped her eyes and turned to him. 
“For Ethan, you are the best father in the world, but for Ryan, you are not. You never asked him what he wanted. You never gave him preference in anything.” 
She could see how broken he was looking at that moment after hearing her words. 
She smiled at him sadly and said, 
“Maybe you have won many packs in life but you have lost your child.” 
###Chapter 160
Chapter 160
Though Allison went to talk to Alpha Neil about the wedding, she could not say anything about it. She left the room after talking about Ryan. 
“I said so many things today. But I could not lie. He needs to know how his son feels.” She said to herself. 
The day passed as she helped officials for the party. Since it would be a grand party, she managed to send invitations to other packs on 
short notice. 
Now she was waiting for the decoration. In the meeting room, Ethan and his officials were discussing it with her. 
Allison could tell Ethan was in a bad mood. He was behaving oddly again. For once, she wanted to ask him if he was okay. But then she prevented herself from asking anything. Because her own mood was not okay either. 
She 
at Ryan was leaving. She was certain that if he stayed, mething to make their lives more difficult. He was doing so. He had the authority to do so. 
at she still wanted him to stay. 
‘He is going to be Elora’s husband soon. I can’t think about him. I should stop myself. I lost my chance to be with him. Now, when someone is in his life to make him happy, I can not bother them. I should not.’ She tried to convince her each second. 
She decided that after tomorrow’s party, she would tell everyone that she did no…vant to marry Ethan. She did not have to talk to Alpha Neil privately; she could say what she wanted in front of everyone This time, no one could stop her. 
When it was dinner time, everyone care to have dinner. 
The whole table was silent. Allison glanced at Ryan. He did not look at anyone and appeared to be really calm. 
His parents kept glancing at him, which he clearly ignored. 
“I want to sleep. I don’t have an appetite, Ryan.” Elora spoke out and stood up from her chair. 
Everyone turned their attention to her. Ryan looked at her and said, 
“Sit.” 
“But 1-” 
Sit down, Elora.” He said calmly. 
Elora reclined back in her chair, lowering her head. 
Since Ryan had stopped Elora, everyone had been waiting for him to say anything. 
“What makes you lose your appetite? Do you need the pack doctor to check on you?” He asked while slicing the steak. 
“No, I am fine. It’s just that we are leaving tomorrow, so I think I need to prepare myself. After tomorrow, I will have to follow the rules of our back as a Luna.” 
Ryan gave her a nod and pulled her half empty plate toward him. She had not eaten anything. He placed the pieces of steak on her plate 
that he had cut a minute ago. 
Everyone was taken aback by his delicate motion toward Elora. 
Allison 
ed at Ryan. She could not lie and say that she did not fe envy. She recalled that two years ago, Ryan used to take care of he 
like that. 
+2% вон 
“Eat. You need to eat well. Otherwise, how will you become a fit Luna? 
Ryan said to Elora. 
Elora looked surprised. She immediately nodded her head and smiled at him. “Thanks, Alpha. I will.” 
Allison averted her gaze from them. Her eyes fell on her lap. Beside her was sitting Ethan. She noticed his hands balling into fists. 
She looked at his face and saw him glaring at Ryan and Elora. 
“What happened to you?” She asked him in a hushed tone. She did not want to disturb others. 
Ethan shifted his gaze away from them and calmed his expression. He shook his head and replied, 
“Nothing.” 
Allison felt that Ethan was hiding something. Why did his calm nature suddenly turn aggressive in a few days? He always looked hopeless. 
‘Wha wrong with him?’ She thought. 
dinner, Allison wanted to go back home. But Ethan stopped her d said that he needed to discuss the theme of the party. So he needed her help. 
Allison gave them many ideas. 
“Except for club parties, we can arrange any theme.” She said to 
others. 
“What about masquerade?” Wade asked. 
“No, a 
many years, people will get to see Alpha of the Black Moon pack. Vec can not hide his face.” Allison said. 
“She is right.” Ethan agreed with her. 
“Why don’t you two go and talk to him? Because it’s his party.” One Ethan’s officials spoke out. 
of 
Allison did not say anything. She did not want to go and talk to Ryan about anything. He did not like her It would only destroy his mood. 
900. 
Ethan glanced at Allison and shook his head in disagreement. “No one will have to go. Call him down for a meeting.” Ethan said. 
His officials called a maid and ordered her to call Ryan. 
When the maid returned, she informed that Alpha Ryan was busy with his Luna. He refused to attend any meetings. 
“What did he say? Go and tell him that it’s about his party.” Ethan told 
the maid with a furious face. 
It was kind of disrespectful. He refused to come for a meeting. 
Allison did not feel good when she heard that Ryan was in his room 
with Elora. 
In a minute, the maid came back and said, 
called you in his room. He said, If you want to have a 
sation, you can go to him and talk.” 
Ethan clenched his jaw and glared at the maid. 
“You can leave now.” Allison told the maid. She nodded and left i 
fear. 
“Ethan, yo-” 
Before Allison could complete her sentence, Ethan got on his feet ar head the staircase. 
Allison stood up and followed him. She could see he was infuriate She did not want the two brothers fighting on the last day. 
“It’s already night. At this late hour, what are they so busy about?” He muttered and strode to Ryan’s room 
Allison thought they were talking about their pack. So she grabbed Ethan’s arm and said, 
“They are leaving tomorrow. Maybe they are discussing something. Don’t argue with your brother now.” 
Ethan stopped in front of Ryan’s room. Allison stood next to him. However, Ethan twisted the lock without knocking on the door. 
The moment he opened it, they saw something that stunned both of them. 
Ryan was smoking while sitting on the couch. Meanwhile, Elora was hugging him intently. Her nightgown looked messy. They looked intimate. 
Allison almost took a step back when she notic
###Chapter 161
Chapter 161
Allison experienced a sharp pain in her chest. She was unable to see that Ryan was holding another woman at the time. 
She had the intention of leaving the pack house at this very moment, but she forgot that her hand was still holding Ethan’s arm. 
Ethan yanked her hand away from the hold she had on him and sprinted over to the two people who were seated on the couch. 
Allison was taken aback and immediately began to chase after him. 
Ethan seized Elora by the arm and yelled, 
“What a shameless woman you are!” 
Allison’s eyes widened. She stared at Ethan. She was completely unaware of what had transpired with him. 
Elora gay than a frowning look while she gazed at the hand that 
was 
1. 
p tightened as he saw her careless attitude. 
gave you the right to call my woman shameless?” Ryan let ou at while glaring at Ethan.. 
Allison cast her gaze in his direction. Her attention turned to the han that was still around Elora’s waist being held by him. ? 
Elora snatched her arm away from Ethan’s grip. “How dare you?” Sh said while scowling at him. 
Ryan his eyes and said, 
“Now what? You wanted me to take off my shirt to hide your body His words were directed to Elora. 
Shilolereren hardati to see her nightgown 
cleavage was visible 
Almostshmoratelyly, she adjusted themade camisole and then prometeit tik knot the amper tobe fightly 
Allison’s ever greh text dipfi Ryan. She felt that Ryan was feeling jeniets that himnas Bloch like that. 
thought your weating had not been fixed yet. But here you two are having a great time in the bedroom. Very nice.” Ethan said to Ryan. 
He looked at him with brownDidn’t your Luna decide on a master bedroogfotomelandmunal thought you all were very open- minded. Then wiwisis a arptoelenofor you if i share the bedroom with her pow? I can do whatevererwththerery whenever and wherever I want.” 
fevan said.d. 
Agison remembered thanasis eamdeally selected one bedroom for the couple. But then Ryan switchercoms and decided to stay alone. 
What’s your problems with it, EthanhThey are a couple. They can havare a bedroom. Allison saidianoid therecote Ethan. 
Hele should not have called us mitosismom then. We are not interested in their nightte Ethan rogered. 
yoyas smashed the cigarette budinimasisharay and said, 
Molphe Eden is a very well-manneredemaan. S suppose he is starting to kese de marmers that his leathergauqiutinim. People should hauction de door first. Where is youneteticarette) Alpha Ethan?” 
tharanlalared at yan without replying.cAllisonould not understand 
draw was so angry at them it shodd deberers She should feel 
Welca toto siscasss the theme. Allisonsaia totoran and tied to 
equate end s situation. 
“Whatever theme my Luna wants.” Ryan responded and looked at Allison. 
His piercing eyes revealed no sign of emotion in any way. She was able to recall every word that he had told her last night. 
She looked away and nodded her 
She asked Elora. 
. “What do you want, Elora?” 
“For now, I want this man to leave my Alpha’s bedroom.” Elora said and signaled Allison towards Ethan. 
Allison was astonished by her words. 
“Excuse me? He is the head Alpha of this pack. You are not allowed to speak to him in that manner. You can’t be impolite to us simply because we are courteous with all of you; it’s not acceptable.” 
Allison made an attempt to speak for Ethan, who was staring at Elora, as though she were the most dangerous adversary he had ever faced in his life 
In your Alpha to learn something. How can he touch 
man’s woman? Or is he planning to get killed by me?” Ryan 
her. 
We are not here to argue. We just want to ask about the party theme.” 
“Black and white.” Elora let out. 
“She didn’t ask for a dress code.” Ethan said while piercing his sharp eyes at her. 
“I didn’t talk about dress code either. We want a black and white theme. It is impossible for everything to be black, so why not just mix some whi 
nto it?” Elora explained to Allison, totally ignoring Ethan “Okay, thanks for your cooperation. We are leaving now. Have a good night.” She replied. She could feel Ryan’s gaze on her. There was no 
point in looking at him at this point. 
She took Ethan along with her by holding his arm and pulling him. 
“Let’s go. Let the couple enjoy their night.” Allison said it loudly to 
make it audible. 
On the other hand, she was completely unaware of the fact that it roused Ethan’s wrath. 
After escorting Ethan out of the room, Allison loosened her grip on his arm and questioned, “What exactly is going on between you and Elora? Why did you behave like that inside the room?” 
Ethan’s eyes turned red, which surprised her. He shook his head and said, 
“Right now, I really need to go for a run. Go back home. My driver will drive you safely.” 
Saying that he left from there. Allison glanced at the door, which she closed behind her the moment she came out of the room. 
Her heart was shuddering, thinking about Ryan with another woman. She did not want to think about what they were doing inside. She tried to control her tears and left the pack house as quickly as she could. 
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, 
Elora was pacing back and forth. Ryan lit up another cigarette while maintaining his focus on her. 
“Feeling bad for your lover?” He asked. 
“He is not my lover.” She replied and continued walking. 
She was t 
g to exert control over her wolf, which was showing 
signs of distress for the sake of her mate. 
“Oh, yes. He is her lover. A cowardly couple, a man and a woman who 
are both cowards. The perfect match!” He mocked Allison in his statement. 
Elora halted her movement and turned her attention to him. “You were well aware that they would be able to see us. Because of this, you let me hug you.” 
“My hybrid can’t be naive. I knew it.” 
“Ryan, let’s leave tonight. We don’t need to wait another night. I am not feeling well.” Elora requested. 
Ryan observed her face. She was on the edge of breaking down into teare 
“Come here.” 
She slowly stepped towards him and stood in front of him. 
“I am really impressed with you. You made him fall for you in a few days. Indeed, matebond is a really nasty thing.” He muttered with hostility in his tone. He was looking at the closed door while talking. 
“But then again, you are my hybrid. You will do as I wish, won’t you?” 
hile listening to him. 
at do you want me to do?” 
He turned to her and replied, 
“Reject him.” 
She shook her head in disbelief. “No, I can’t. He is an Alpha. How can anyone reject an Alpha?” 
He smirked at her. “Whose blood is running in your body, dear?” 
Her eyes widened. Her knees trembled after hearing that. 
She fell to her knees as tears rolled down from her eyes unexpectedly 
She sobbed and let out, 
“H-He will die.” 
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162
The whole pack house was busy with decorations and arrangements just as Alpha Neil said it would be a grand party. Every other Alpha from different packs would attend the party. So the arrangements should be the best 
Ethan returned to the pack house in the early hours. He ran the whole night in the forest to ease his anger. 
He was a dominant Alpha. His wolf did not like it when he saw that their mate was getting close to another man. 
Last night, Ethan’s wolf was on the verge of taking control over him. But he somehow controlled himself and went for a run. 
“Where were you, Ethan?” Ella asked him as she noticed him coming inside the pack house. 
Mom, you woke up at this hour?” He asked her and composed imself so that his mother would not understand his mood. 
Ella walked toward him and stroked his hair. “Why do you look so gloomy and tired? You were outside the whole night?” 
“Yeah, mom. I just wanted to run for some time.” He replied and looked away from her gaze. 
“Did you have a fight with Allison?” 
He shook his head and replied, 
“No, Mom. I am sleepy. I will talk to you later.” 
Ethan headed to the stairs without letting his mother ask another 
questi 
e did not want to lie. 
When he was heading to his room, he stopped and turned his head to 
the opposite hallway. 
Unexpectedly, his legs started to stem that way. He stopped in front of a door and lifted his hand. He was about to knock on the door, but before that, he heard the sound of another door closing. 
He turned his head and saw Elora coming out of Ryan’s room. 
He felt rage bubbling inside him. His jaw clenched, and his fists tightened. 
Elora paused as she noticed Ethan standing close to her bedroom door. 
She was in Ryan’s room all night. He was not in his bedroom. He had left his room half an hour after Ethan and Allison left. 
She did not feel good, so she stayed in the empty room and had no idea when she fell asleep. But when her eyes opened, she came out of the room with the thought that Ryan would not like her to stay in his room for long. 
“What are you doing in front of my bedroom?” She asked Ethan and started to walk again. 
“So you were sleeping with him?” He muttered. Anger was swayed in his tone. 
Elora rolled her eyes and stood beside him. “I don’t need to tell you with whom I sleep at night.” 
She reached for the doorknob and twisted it. She entered her room 
and tried to close it. 
But a hand grabbed the door and stopped her from closing it. 
“What are you doing?” Elora let out a low scream. 
He pushed the door with his hand and entered the room. It startled. he, and she stepped back. 
His eyes were grimacing at her as he cird the door behind him. 
Elora attempted to grab the doorkob to open it, but he grabbed her arm and slammed her back agains the door. 
She looked at him with wide eyes. 
“W-What’s wrong with you?” 
Ethan came close to her and placed his elbows on the door beside her head to cage her between his arms. 
Elora could see his weary eyes. He looked exhausted. She averted her eyes and said, 
“How dare you push me like this? If Ryan kno-” 
“Shhh” 
He placed his finger on her lips to halt her from saying any further. 
She froze because of his touch and the closeness between them. 
“How could you do that when you have your own mate? Didn’t your wolf feel anything?” He asked with his furious eyes, expecting 
answers from her expressions. 
Her face grew calm as she sighed. She did not speak because his finger was on her lips. 
His eyes shifted from hers and fell on her lips. His fingers slightly caressed her lips. 
She pushed him immediately and said, 
“Don’t touch me. I am no one to you. 
her arms and once again pressed her against the door. 
He grab her arms 
“Why are you after him? He can’t make you happy.” 
She chuckled as if mocking him. “Really? Then who can make me happy? Do you have any options for me? Did you leave any options? Because you are busy making your ex-rate happy.” 
Ethan’s grip tightened on her arms. She glared at him. “If you love her so much. Why don’t you just mark her as quickly as you can? Why are you even waiting for a month?” 
“You are so eager to see my mark on her neck. Aren’t you?” Ethan asked with gritted teeth. 
“Of course. When you mark her, maybe Ryan can be fully mine. Otherwise, she will always roam around him. You know how much I love Ryan.” 
“I dare you to call his name another time. I will kill you.” He warned as his eyes turned red. 
She did not feel any fear in her heart. Because she was a powerful witch. 
Her eyes also changed color. Seeing her glowing emerald eyes, Ethan felt a pain in his chest. 
His 
Mora.” 
to her cheek and said, 
e balled her fists to prevent herself. Her wolf was howling to embrace this man. 
How long have they known each other? Only one week! 
But why was this mate bond feeling like that? It felt like she had known Ethan for a long time. It felt like she would die if she did not accept him and let him move on with another woman. 
“Why? So that I can see my mate marrying another woman?” She let 
Jut. 
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Seeing his reaction, she laughed at him. 
She patted his arms and said, 
“Alpha Ethan, you are a cowardly man. You never dared accept your fate and always tried to hide from reality. Is this what you call a dominant alpha? Is killing in the war the only thing that makes anyone a good Alpha?” 
Ethan rested his head on her neck and mumbled, 
“Even if I want, I can’t let her go..” He paused and smelled her scent from her neck by inhaling. 
Her fingernails almost pierced muscles through his shirt, and he began to feel burned there. 
He groaned when she pushed him. She opened the door and said, 
“Leave my room. I am leaving your pack tonight anyway.” 
He stared at her for a moment, then said, 
“I won’t let you go.” 
“Really? How? By telling others that I am your mate? What about the woman that you have been caging for years? What about your brother? Will he let you do that?” 
He glared at her and said, 
“He knows everything, doesn’t he? He is just taking revenge on me. He knew about us, but still he slep-” 
“SHUT UP.” She yelled at him, which took him aback. 
“If you d o talk about him once again, I will show you what a hybrid’s power is. Your Alpha self will lose in front of it. Everything. you said was bullshit about him. Do you know what reality is? He is 
far better than you.” 
It didn’t suit him, so he parted his lips. However, she stepped toward him and pointed her finger at his chest. 
“You are a sinner. You broke his heart in childhood. Because of you his parents never treated him well. You are his big brother, right? Then why didn’t you show him the love that other brothers show
for their siblings? Do you know why? Because you were insecure inside your heart. You always wanted his things. You rejected Allison, but when you saw that Ryan was after her, you realized that you had lost 
something to him. Now, when you see Ryan has another woman, you 
want that too.” 
Ethan’s eyes widened. Her words pierced his heart. He frowned at her. “I-I never thought like that.” 
She scoffed at him. “Yeah, sure. He is the only evil in the world, and you are a saint. You always wanted good for everyone. But what about your brother? Have you thought about it ever?” 
“Don’t hide his mistakes. Allison was my mate at first, and you are my mate now. Both of you are related to me. So he is the one who crossed my fate. I am the Alpha who did not kill him after seeing you in his bedroom. Who knows what he has done with yo-” 
A slap echoed throughout the room. 
Elora slapped him. 
“He never touched me for once. It was me who was always after him. tried hard to attract him, but he never spent a single night with me. It’s not only because he had another woman in his heart but also because he was not as treacherous as you. You knew he loved her, but you still managed for your father to knot your tie with her. But he never used me once. Because he was loyal to his brother in his heart. He knew I was his brother’s mate. He gave me his name, and he 
secured me with him. He never let other men disrespect me. He always reminded me of who I am. He never tried to be a disloyal person like you, Alpha Ethan. He can play a villain in everyone’s life, but in my eyes, no matter what, he will always be my hero.” 
Her words caught Ethan off guard. Elora could see his cloudy eyes. But she could not read them. 
Ethan did not say anything to her in reply. In fact, he turned around. and left her room. 
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163
Allison combed her hair as she stared at herself in the mirror. 
Ella sent her a gorgeous gown for tonight. It was a stunning red gown embellished with white stones and gleaming pearls. 
She did not appear to be a common young woman but rather a noble lady who had become mature enough to gracefully carry herself. 
She then looked at the setting she had chosen for her hair while laying the comb down on the dressing table. She had two braids. coming down from the upper two sides and joining in the middle of her head. Her hair was down. 
She got to her feet and slipped on her red high heels. She gave herself one more look in the mirror before saying, 
“Tonight, everything will be changed. He will leave the pack tonight. I will call off the wedding tonight as well.” 
She emerged from her bedroom and made her way downstairs. She looked up to see her mother and father standing at the door. 
walking up to them, she announced, “I am ready.” 
Her father gave her a glance and then said, “I think it would be best if we talked first. Last night, you said you were not available to talk. Today, you locked yourself in your room the whole day. Now you have to talk with us.” 
Allison stepped aside to cross her father’s path and stepped out of the house. 
“I will talk to you after the party.” She said and walked to her father’s 
wing for them to come. 
When she of the w***** sessors on his dar to open the dower fogy of grantude, she wore the w 
w woke the dow to the house w 
Alloon leaned her back at the te 
e knew taking with her parents would never help her they w ly blackerad her to 
y 
Your dad is saying something to posed to the m 
686 
sitting ogre na toter 
next 
Pema, Man the car on worst test *** 
be hears by the 60 
The dover started the W 
Yes, back She asked and lowred fat, was stay in the tu 
sest beside the driver bot turned to far so that 
her 
t 
tw 
You will not do anything stupid How can you that w 
fing when there’s only a few less 
for your wedding 
He gave her a hosts look boat or 
Alpha fel fou are going to marry the 
dogce on me in front of head/ha, Ethan 
roken anytime that will 
And if I stay here, that will destroy my whole te 
a 
# 
“You are a Luna. You can’t think of yourself over your pack.” 
“Sometimes I wonder, Dad. Am I really your own child?” 
“ALLISON!” Joey shouted and grabbed her arm.. 
“Stop talking nonsense. You can’t talk to your father like this. We didn’t bring you up for this day.” 
Allison slowly removed her mother’s hand from her arm and replied, 
“I don’t want to be impolite with you either. You will not have to feel like this anymore. Because I am leaving soon.” 
“Leave?” Glen asked with a stunned face. 
“Yeah, I will break the wedding tonight. Not in front of everyone, of course. I can’t see them feeling embarrassed. After the party, I will explain everything to others. I am an adult. I know what is good or bad for me. I can’t live like this. If you will let me choose once again, I’ will choose myself this time.” 
Her father stared at her. She could feel her mother’s gaze on her, too. 
Unexpectedly, they did not say anything and turned away from her. 
The driver was silent the whole ride. He was a loyal man to Glen. So they did not bother to think that he would listen to everything. 
The car reached the pack house. The pack house’s exterior ations were the first thing that welcomed them. 
The lights that were shining outside the pack house brightened her 
eyes. 
So many cars were v 
in line in front of their cars to let the 
guests down on the red carpet. 
She noticed many young ladies came with heavy gowns and gorgeous makeup. She understood that they were the other head 
Alphas’ daughters. 
When their car stopped in front of the entrance of the pack house, Allison got down with her parents. 
She walked the red carpet gracefully. Others around her were looking at her in awe. They knew who she was. 
The soon-to-be Luna of this pack. 
Allison entered the pack house and saw many guests. So many different faces came to attend the party tonight who might never have come to any other party before. 
It was clear that each and every one came to meet the head Alpha of 
the Black Moon Pack. 
“Allison, my dear.” Ella spoke out from a little distance. 
She ignored others’ gazes on her and directly headed to Ella. 
She hugged her and noticed Ella’s dress. It was almost the same design as hers, but in white. She was surprised by it. 
“I selected three dresses. One for me and the other two for my two beautiful daughters-in-law.” 
Allison was amazed by her statement. But she felt bad that she would have to break Ella’s heart tonight. 
explain how gorgeous you look. You are looking like a queen.” Ella said with delight in her eyes, indicating that she was not lying but saying it truthfully. 
“Thanks, Aunt.” Allison said and hugged her. 
After breaking the hug, her eyes fell behind Ella. Ella’s eyes followed her gaze. 
Everyone also turned their heads as the main characters came to join 
the party 
Ryan was coming down with Elora. 
Allison looked at Ryan, who was in a black suit, which was his color as always. 
But her eyes shifted to Elora, who was wearing the same dress as her but in black color. 
Ella smiled at them and said to Allison, 
“I chose you two girls’ dresses with my two sons’ favorite colors.” 
Allison could not pay attention to Ella since she was lost looking at the couple in front of her eyes. 
However, Ella’s statement caught her mind. 
“My sons are your fates. I know my sons. They are different from each other. But one thing is for sure. They will never let go of their 
beloved woman.” 
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164
Alison’s eyes were fixed on Ryan. The alphas of different packs 
gathered around him just to greet him once 
He was the main character of the pary, in fact, he was the most 
wanted man in all of the packs. 
She could see others behavior in fort of him. At such a young age. he buit such a massive caste that others could not even dare touch 
One stone of t 
He was the Alpha with the most success and an accomplished businessman who effortlessy maintained his dominance over them. 
Did 
f you have a fight? Allison heard Ella’s question. 
itfight he believes that am not strong enough to 
with him. Therefore, the conflict is not even close to it.” 
We she was looking at Ryan, she whispered. 
What are you saying? Did Ethan say that? I am going to grab his ear and tell him that he needs to apologize to you.” 
“Ethan?” Allison asked and came back to her senses. 
She turned to Ella and smiled at her. ‘Don’t do anything. I was just- 
Allison. I think it’s normal to have fights in couples. Do you know something? Fights and distance make love stronger. Because when people own their shortcomings and comprehend their blunders, they 
move closer to one another.” 
Allison glanced at Ryan and cursed herself for relating him to every single thing. 
“But I think he is extremely regretful. He was really upset and angry 
when he returned to the pack house today.” 
Allison frowned in confusion. “Returned? Where was he?” 
“He left last night and did not come back until early in the morning. He looked distressed. I asked him what had happened to him. He just said that he was out for a run.” 
“Run?” 
She recalled that before her, he left the pack house after telling her that his driver would drop her home. 
‘So he ran for the whole night? Why? She thought about it and tried to locate him. 
As her eyes wandered, Ella understood that she was searching for Ethan. 
“He is drinking nonstop. I think you two should clear up your misunderstandings. He is the head Alpha of this pack. Other Alphas are trying to greet him, but he is not giving them a chance and has made himself busy.” 
“Don’t worry, Aunt. I will talk to him.” 
Ella gave her a nod in relief and gestured her toward the bar area. 
Allison found Ethan sitting on a stool. He was looking somewhere 
Minking. 
Allison walked to him and stood next to him. He was so lost looking somewhere that he did not realize that she came to speak to him. 
Allison followed his eyes and looked in the direction he was looking. 
“An apple juice for her.” Someone ordered the bartender. 
Allison was stunned and turned her head beside her. She saw Vernon. standing beside her. 
She raised her brows at him. He glanced at her and asked, 
“What?” 
“Nothing.” She replied with a warm smile. 
She was surprised that Vernon remembered what drink she preferred. 
He formerly worked as a bartender in a club that belonged to this pack. At the time, she was unaware of the fact that he served as one of the authorities for a powerful pack. She could not believe how effortlessly Ryan and his officials hid their identities and carried on as if they were just living a normal life here. Despite the fact that they were the wealthiest people, they did not exhibit any signs of 
arrogance. 
your drink.” The bartender handed her a drink. She grabbed ss and turned her head toward Ethan. Now he was looking at 
e glanced behind her at Vernon with a pair of incensed eyes. But Vernon ignored him, as if he did not sit there for any fight but only to have drinks. 
“You were so busy looking somewhere. I can see these days. You are lost. What happened to you, Ethan?” Allison asked him. 
Ethan looked away and chugged down the drink from the glass in his har 
He did not respond to her. She stared at him while observing him carefully. She sipped her drink and then roamed her eyes around the hall. 
Her eyes met a pair of dark eyes. She immediately averted her eyes. 
Ethan got on his feet, and she also followed him. 
“Alpha, nice to meet you. We were looking for you. We thought you. 
would be the one who introduced us to Alpha Ryan.” 
A few Alphas approached them and said to Ethan. 
They glanced at Allison and greeted her. 
“Should we call you Luna? We got the invitation to your wedding. We are eager to attend your wedding next month.” 
Allison could only smile at them politely. She did not know what to answer. She knew Ethan and the whole pack’s reputation would be destroyed when a girl rejected the marriage proposal or called off the wedding with the head Alpha. 
“I thought it was Alpha Ryan’s day. So I gave you all the time to meet him freely.” Ethan replied calmly. 
“You should count your blessings that he is your brother. Alpha Neil never introduced him to us before. We wonder why. Perhaps he has no interest in your pack and went for the biggest pack to rule.” Another voice came from behind the Alphas, who were standing there. 
These Alphas made a slight movement, which allowed the man who was speaking to go closer to them. 
“Alpha Easton.” 
Ethan recognized the man who approached them slowly. He was the sere biggest pack, the East Flow pack’s head Alpha. 
Allison was taken aback by looking at the young man. She remembered that he was the one who attacked Ethan two years ago. Because of him, he almost lost his life. 
“How are you, Alpha Ethan?” He asked and smirked. 
Ethan’s fists tightened, which Allison noticed clearly. She held his hand and patted his hand with her palm to prevent him from doing. anything that would leave a bad impression later. 
“Oh! Beauty! Who is she?” Alpha Easton asked as his eyes fell on 
Allison. 
“She is our future Luna.” Wade replied, and he came to handle the 
situation. 
“I can’t believe it. What a fate! She is gorgeous.” He muttered. 
Ethan almost growled at him, but Ryan’s voice stopped him. 
“Not more than your sister, East.” 
Everyone’s attention was drawn to Ryan. It was Elora who brought him there. 
Easton rolled his eyes. His amazed face turned grim. 
“Rya 
me no see.” He let out an enraged tone. 
you want to see me? You should have contacted me. I 
s free for vacation. Can’t you see me right now? I am here tion.” Ryan said and let out a chuckle. 
yone laughed when they heard Ryan but paused when they heard 
s next sentence. 
Until someone provokes me because, after that, my vacation turns 
into war.”
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165
Everyone started to feel nervous. Ethan frowned at Ryan, thinking he was talking about him. But his eyes fell on Easton, who looked 
anxious. 
“How is your beta? I had heard that he was ill.” Ryan put the question 
to Easton. 
“He is doing well at this time.” Easton gave his response. His tone was full of anger. 
“You need to provide additional training for your officials. Take a look at mofficials. They have the appearance of college students, yet 
omes to fighting, they can even kill the head Alphas if I order ell, not by tricking them into some kind of car accident, you meant the real fight.” Ryan said and winked at Easton. 
statements took Ethan, Allison, and Wade by complete and utter Surprise. They were aware that he was referring to the accident that Easton staged in order to take Ethan’s life. 
“Were you talking about me?” Beta Max came there with Teresa. 
Allison looked at her and saw she was wearing a beautiful blue dress. 
1. Come here. Meet Alpha Easton, my very old buddy. I could norget a chance to introduce you to him.” Ryan’s voice came out as 
sarcasm. 
But Beta Max nodded at Alpha Easton. He also gave him a nod and 
said, 
“Nice to meet you all. I think I have to leave right now.” 
“Why? Don’t you think you should be here till the party ends?” Ethan. muttered.v5 
“No, I just came to greet everyone. See you all at the pack meeting.” 
Saying that Alpha Easton left the pack house. 
A scoff could be heard there. Other Alphas looked at Ryan, who remarked, 
“Coward!” 
They kept quiet and went to their Lunas, who were busy talking with each other. 
Meanwhile, Teresa hugged Allison and said in a whisper, “My drop- dead gorgeous lady.” Allison chuckled and praised her as well. 
Teresa went to Elora and hugged her too, since she was also her friend. However, Elora did not look happy. 
Allison felt that Elora was faking her delighted behavior. 
She looked at Ryan, who had walked to the bar, and sat next to Vernon, who was still enjoying drinks. Then he ordered a drink for 
himself. 
Her eyes turned to Ethan, who was staring at Ryan as if he were thinking something. 
“Ethan” She patted his shoulder. 
Lurned to her and said, 
“Give me a few minutes. I need to talk to him.” 
Allison was stunned. “To him?” She asked and pointed her head at Ryan. 
Ethan gave her a nod of acknowledgment. Allison let him go and 
stood in a corner. Her mind was full of questions. She was perplexed. by each and every one’s behavior. 
Meanwhile, Ethan took a seat next to Ryan. 
“So you were the one who disabled Alpha Easton’s beta?” Ethan asked him. 
Ryan paused his drinking. Vernon chuckled when he heard Ethan. 
“Alpha Ethan is really slow. He should have understood this a very long time ago. Who had the audacity to touch Alpha Easton’s people?” 
Ethan heard Vernon but stared at Ryan. He observed the man in front of him. He was his brother. But they did not have time to build their relationship like that. 
He thought he took everything from him and vice versa. 
d you do that?” Ethan asked once again. 
yan took a sip of his drink while maintaining his attention on the bar counter before responding, 
“If you had died by his hand, it wouldn’t be fun, you know.” 
*Then why did you save me by giving him a warning?” 
Ryan cocked his head to the side and sneered at Ethan before saying, 
“So that I can give you the death that I have decided for you.” 
A 
aring his response, Ethan was taken aback. After a moment, he regained his composure and asked, 
“Do you hate me that much?” 
“Of course not. Not more than your dad.” He muttered and winked at him. 
“Ryan, he is our father.” 
“Your father.” He reminded him. 
“He loves you too. I saw the pain in his eyes when you left the pack. He looked for you in every possible place, but when he couldn’t find you, I watched how devastated he became. You are aware of his personality. Even though he is unable to express his feelings to other people, he will never stop loving you.” 
“Oh, come on. Why is everyone rushing over to give me a lecture? Why are you so emotional today and telling me this? Perhaps…” Ryan paused and turned his head toward Elora, who was talking
with Teresa. After that, he continued by saying, 
“You want me to let go of something for you.” 
Ethan looked into Ryan’s eyes, which were full of amazement. 
“You knew everything. Why did you not tell me? How can you want to live with someone else’s woman?” 
“You are doing the same; why would I have a problem with it?” 
Ethan glanced at Allison and then looked away. “You can’t have her. Not even if I die.” 
The light in Ryan’s eyes began to fade. 
“Who said to you that I want to have her? I have your mate with me. She will be mine in every way. You know what I mean.” 
Ethan lifted his hand to grab his collar but stopped himself when he realized where they were. 
He attempted to settle his nerves by running his hand through his hair while doing so. 
“What did you say to me that night? 
‘It will take me only a minute to shift and kill you. But you know I will 
never do that. Therefore, never dare to behave with my parents in that manner again.” 
That’s what you said, right?” 
Ethan thought back to the night of Ryan’s birthday. That night, he grabbed him by the collar and gave him a warning. He said the exact words to him. 
He was surprised that Ryan remembered his statement word for word. 
“But I don’t even need to shift to kill you. I never attack anyone from behind. I always gave warnings first. So start counting your time, Alpha Ethan.” Ryan said and got on his feet. 
Ethan turned to him. 
looked pleased after he warned him. He smirked at Ethan and ttered while moving his fingers as if showing him time was nning. 
Tick tock. Tick tock.” 
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166
Allison was observing the two brothers talking with each other. She felt relieved that at least they were having a conversation. However, as she watched Ryan walk away from Ethan, she focused her attention on Ethan. She saw him ordering another drink as though he were becoming agitated. 
“What did they talk about that made him angry?” 
As she looked around, she noticed that people were beginning to dance in the empty space in the center of the room. Music was played to let them enjoy the dance and the party. 
After a short while, Ethan walked away from the bar area and approached Allison. 
“Let’s dance.” 
All of a sudden, he said and extended his hand toward her. 
Allison was taken aback by it. She cast a quick peek around them and observed that everyone was staring at them. 
She could not deny him in front of them. She held his hand. He took her out onto the dance floor, where another couple greeted them with a friendly smile. Allison flashed a grin right back at them. 
took a light hold of her waist and brought her in slightly closer to him. 
She was stunned by the sudden pull. She blinked a few times. He paid no attention to the stares of the others and began to move alongside 
her. 
“What the heck happened to you?” Allison asked him. 
$25 NEWES 
“Let me dance with you. Maybe I will never get the chance again.” 
His remarks left Allison with a muddled understanding. She had a fixed glare at him. She could see his eyes clearly. 
“You are drunk.” She mumbled. 
“Yes, I am. I have to get drunk. Otherwise, I will lose my control over my wolf and do something foolish.” 
Allison tried to understand him. She had not informed him that she would talk about the cancellation of the wedding with everyone after the reception. 
Looking at his condition, as she observed his state, she developed an interest in getting to know the reason behind it. Because she was planning to leave him anyway. 
“Why are you behaving like this?” 
“I am tired, Allison. Can’t you read me?” He questioned her as he turned her around by her wrist. 
Her sight changed with the spinning. It came to her attention that Teresa and Eora had joined Max and Ryan on the dance floor. Her gegaze traveled across to Ryan, who was holding Elora in his arms. 
Her eves met Ryan. She could not help but keep her eyes on him, and ult, she was unable to notice that Elora was looking at the hman Allison was dancing with. 
res 
On the dance floor, two couples were dancing while maintaining eye contact. But instead of looking at their partner, they were looking at ththe partner of the other person. 
EtEthan turned Allison around, and her eyes fell on Ethan once again. 
“I know you love me.” Ethan said to Allison. 
She made a miserable face and shook her head. “You are currently in a drunken state. You are making a fool of yourself once again.” 
Ethan chuckled and leaned close to her ear, then whispered, 
“Of course, you have a soft corner still left in your heart for me. Otherwise, you would have never defended me whenever someone else tried to disgrace me.” 
Allison recalled last night when she defended him when Elora was talking with him in an impolite way. 
Before she could say anything, he added, 
“But you love him more.” 
His words froze her. He moved his head back and looked at her. 
“When did you realize that you love him more than me?” 
“What are you saying, Ethan? I think we should stop danci-” 
“No, I want to know. I need to know how other people were able to enter our lives and grab our hearts in such a short time.” 
Allison stopped her legs from moving. “Other people? Our hearts? What are you saying?” She asked him with a shocked tone. 
It was quite evident that he was referring to both her and himself. 
made the statement. 
vil 
Who grabbed his heart in such a short time? 
Suddenly, the music changed, and all of the couples drew closer to one another in a circle. 
It was the time when people could change their dancing partners by swirling them around. 
“Etha-” 
Before Allison could ask Ethan, he twirled her around and let go of her wrist. 
After she had turned, another person caught hold of her wrist. Her upper body collapsed onto the hard chest, but her legs continued to move slowly in time with the music. 
She raised her head and was met by a pair of familiar sharp eyes. 
Her heart started to beat faster. 
His hand went tenderly around her waist as it was wrapped around her. 
She was lost in his eyes. But his eyes were blank for her to read. 
a 
Peopl med him the most ruthless Alpha. But she believed he had was not that ruthless at all. He had a heart who loved her cared for his family without them knowing, and who waited or a long time. 
Ryan Iversen. 
e man whom she loved truly. Who thought she would fall for him? When he returned to the pack before her eighteenth birthday, she used to dislike him. He was a playboy. Who thought he would fall for 
her as well? 
No or 
They were dancing in silence while looking into each other’s eyes. Her eyes were filled with love, but his eyes were filled with anger. 
So Alpha Easton’s sister is more gorgeous than me? Then why didn’t you go for her instead of Elora?” She broke the silence. 
She thought he would not answer her. But he surprised her by responding. 
“Because she is special. She has the charm to grab anyone’s heart around her fingers to clench it.” 
The words rolled down his tongue with an amusing tone. 
She frowned with a confused look when she saw him looking behind her. She turned her head to see where he was looking. 
She saw Ethan dancing with Elora. His eyes were fixed on hers. She saw that his eyes looked different. It was filled with anger and pain. 
Pain? 
She turned her head back to Ryan with wide eyes. 
His rer 
smirk came back to his face. 
metimes, people make mistakes like this. But they ember the consequences. Don’t you think so, Allison Clark? 
stepped back. Her eyes could not get wider. 
moved away from him and walked to Ethan. She seized his hand, d they came to a halt in their dancing. 
Ethan acted like he was lost somewhere and had just come to his 
senses. 
“I am rry, I forgot to swirl her.” He muttered to her. 
During that time, Elora turned her gaze away from Ethan and glanced 
at Ryan, who was staring at her. 
After dragging Ethan away from the dance floor, Allison then 
proceeded to the garden area. 
“We need to talk, Ethan.” 
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167
Allison brought Ethan to the garden, which was far away from where the party was going. 
“Ethan, what was that?” Allison questioned him while she was 
keeping an eye on him. 
“What are you talking about?” He asked with confusion in his eyes. 
“Don’t tell me any lies. Tell me what is going on in your head.” 
“Allison, I wanted to talk to you about it.” He said with a lower tone. 
1. 
ared to be trying to avoid looking into her eyes by lowering 
In moved toward him and took hold of his arm. “Look at me. 
at’s wrong with you, Ethan? What brought on that strange stare in ora’s direction? It has been brought to my attention that the way you behave in front of her is different. And the way you reacted last night, that was totally unexpected.” 
“I am lost, Allison.” He let out and moved away from her. 
She was stunned by his words. “Why?” 
He Wened around and began to walk inside the garden. She followed 
hi 
“Ethan, you are doing wrong. She is engaged to Ryan at this time.. How is it even possible for you to think about her at all?” 
Ethan did not answer her questions. She sprinted over to catch him as his steps began to stumble, hoping to keep him from falling. 
“You are drunk. Look at yourself. What you have made yourself in a . few days. You were never like this before.” 
Ethan reached out and grasped her hand. He fell to his knees in front 
of her. 
Allison’s eyes widened. 
He looked broken. She could see his glossy eyes. She could not recall ever having seen him cry, not even when he had come so close to losing his life in an accident. Even though he begged her for 
forgiveness a lot of the time but tonight, he appeared to be a different person. He looked vulnerable. 
She glanced at the hand that he was holding tightly. Almost instantly, she got down on her knees and demanded to know, 
appened to you, Ethan?” 
ked down at the floor. She could not be more shocked when aw tears rolling down his cheeks. 
e cupped his cheeks and made him look at her. “Hey! Why are you crying?” 
Though this man rejected her and then tried his best to cage her for him, he always supported her and made many efforts to win her heart. He never hurt her after promising that he would never hurt her 
again. 
Allison could not just let him leave in this situation without knowing th ason for his breakdown. 
“I-I am sorry, Allison. I-I….” He paused and looked away from her, then said, 
“I can’t continue being with you. I’m sorry, but I can’t marry you.” 
Her hands froze on his cheeks. 
What was there to be so sorry about? Didn’t she always tell him to. call off the wedding? 
“Why can’t you?” She asked because she wanted to know the reason. She was afraid that it was connected to Elora in some way. 
“My heart betrayed you by falling in love with someone else.” He replied and turned to look into her eyes. 
She slowly let go of his cheeks, but he held her wrists tightly. 
“No, don’t go. Listen to me. I tried. I always tried to be with you. I always tried to support you. I never stopped trying to find a way to make you forget about the rejection you felt. I believed that I loved you, which is something that I still feel I do, but…” 
After pausing for a moment and drawing in a long breath, he added, 
“Just like you, I lost my heart to someone else.” 
“Is it Elora?” She asked calmly. 
She was keeping her fingers crossed that it wouldn’t be Elora. Because Ryan would carry out his threat to destroy everything exactly as he described it if Ethan made even a single mistake. 
“Yeah. It’s her.” He mumbled and then dipped his head once again. 
Allison quickly yanked her hands free of his grasp and stood up after he attempted to restrain her. 
H 
ed his head to look at her. 
“Are you out of your mind? Have you gone completely insane? She is going to become Ryan’s wife. They like each other. Ryan will kill you if he gets to know.” She said and placed her palm on her forehead. She was unable to even consider the possibility of what would happen. 
“He knows.” Ethan said while smiling at her bitterly. 
She regarded him with a frown. “He knows? Knows about what? Does. he know that you have feelings for the woman who will soon be his 
Luna?” 
475 ROBIN 
Ethan closed his eyes as if thinking something. His eyes had turned red when he opened them again. 
“You don’t want to stay with me. I am okay with that. But you can’t go to Ryan if I call off the wedding.” 
She was surprised by his statement. “You are insane. One time, you say you love Elora now, but the next moment, you are telling me not to go to Ryan? Why are you doing this? Can’t you see because of one wrong decision, everyone’s lives have been turned upside down? On the night of Ryan’s birthday, you had the option of turning down the marriage proposal. You had the opportunity to discuss the relationship between Ryan and me with your father. But you went in the complete opposite direction. Now, when you see that he is happy with someone else, you are after his fiancee? You should be 
ashamed of yourself, Ethan.” 
Ethan gave a shake of the head and made an effort to stand up. This time, Allison did not help him. 
“Leave it. How can I explain this to you, Allison? You will never understand me. I always wanted your good. But now I am feeling like I can’t do this anymore. My wolf doesn’t permit me to stay with you. I am afraid of myself. I don’t want my wolf to hurt you. Can’t you see hovalam controlling my wolf right now?” 
Anson could see his eyes turning red to black, back and forth. 
Allison was perplexed. Firstly, he was drunk. Secondly, she could not understand why he was explaining all of this to her when there was no need for it. It was always her who wanted to break the wedding and leave him anyway. 
“I can only alert you, Ethan. Don’t mess with Ryan this time. Elora is. 
his woma-” 
“No, she is not. She is only mine.” 
“What rubbish! You are not in a state to talk. You are babbling nonsense. I am leaving.” 
She said that and turned around to leave, but his reply stopped her. “She is my woman, Allison. She is mine. My second chance. My mate 
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168
Allison turned to him. She was too shocked to react to his words. 
“What?” 
Ethan nodded his head. “I am feeling broken inside each day I see her with him. I realized our bond the moment she came to the pack house.” 
Allison recalled the day when Ryan had come to visit the pack. That day, she had seen Ethan behaving strangely. But that time, she thought he was jealous of Ryan and did not like that Ryan turned out to be so powerful. 
‘So it was because he was feeling the mate bond?’ she thought. 
“I tried to stay away from her. But the mate bond is something that can’t let me stay away. Her scent always pulled me toward her. I could stop my wolf before I rejected you. But this time, my wolf became out of control, and my heart reacted the same as well.” a 
“Why didn’t you tell me about it all these times?” 
“I thought I could handle myself. I did not want you to let go.” 
Allinn tightened her fists as she stared at him. 
“Why were you so adamant to be with me?” 
“I can’t tell you why. I am not allowed to tell you.” 
“What?” She asked and was taken aback. 
What was the reason he was still thinking about it when he had already found his mate? 
“I don’t want to make the same mistake again, Allison. Your hatred 
was enough for me. I can’t live with more hatred. I am sorry.” 
Allison did not know what to say. It was too much for her. She had no idea why fate was playing with them like this. 
Allison was about to say that he should not do that either. But before that, she heard another voice from behind. 
“Ethan” 
Allison turned around and saw Elora coming towards them. 
Allison parted her lips and asked, 
“Do you know about it? The mate bond?” 
Elora 
her eyes to Ethan from her. 
d away from her. He tried to compose himself. He did not ow his broken side to Elora. 
son raised her brows. “Did your fiance know about it? Ethan said 
e knew.” 
“Yes, he knows.” 
“Then why are you still together? Your mate is here.” She asked with a disappointed voice. 
“All, can you please leave us alone for some time? I want to talk to Ethan privately.” Elora requested her. 
Allison turned her head to Ethan and then back to Elora. She nodded at her and replied, 
“Clear up all the problems between you. It would be better for both of you.” 
Allison glanced at Ethan for the last time and left the garden, leaving 
the two mates alone. 
Elora stared at Ethan, who was looking somewhere else. 
“Why did you tell her about our mate bond?” She asked and folded her 
hands. 
He turned around and began to walk. He wiped his face and responded, 
“She has the right to know everything about me.” 
“You still love her, don’t you?” She asked from behind. 
Her question froze his legs. He turned to her and nodded at her. 
“I do. I don’t want to lie to you. If I knew that she was not happy with me but still I tried to stay with her just to keep her safe, then yes I do 
But I lost 
betrayed her once again. I failed to fulfill the 
resp 
ey 
at I took over years ago.” He replied with pain in his 
ned her fists. She did not like it when Ethan talked about 
son. 
s everyone after her? What is so special about her?” 
is a simple omega whom I wanted to make mine. But I lost her night. I let her go and break the cage.” 
Elora’s ows shot up. “Let go?” 
Ethan took a deep breath and approached her, which caused her to take a step back. 
He held her hand and said, 
“I don’t want you to leave, Elora. You are my mate. How can you get away from me?” 
She was stunned. She tried to remove his hand from hers, but his 
hand tightened on her wrist. 
“Don’t go. Don’t leave me. I am a sinner who rejected my mate once. This time, can you help me to be a good person?” 
She felt a pang in her heart. She averted his gaze and said, 
“W-What are you saying?” 
“Elora, don’t leave. I will tell everyone that we are mates. No one will oppose it if you agree with it. Don’t think about any reputations. If others get to know that we are mates, they will understand us.” 
She pushed him. She frowned at him. 
“Why do you want me to stay? Just because I am your mate?” 
“I was going to tell you about it. But wanted to tell that to Allison. first 
on, Allison. Your every word starts with her and ends you really love her this much, then why do you even decide ner? Stay with her. I am happy with Ryan.” 
wl let out from Ethan’s throat. His eyes turned red. It did not ect her because the color of her eyes also changed. They turned 
een. 
“You are not happy with Ryan. You can’t be happy without your mate. 
You 
to be with ne. What’s mine is mine. I can’t let anyone take 
that mom me.” 
The things he said infuriated her. She seized his hand, causing him to groan out loud in pain. 
She was a hybrid. She possessed the abilities of a witch. Her entire being was brimming with a wide range of abilities and powers. 
“What my mother said to me about you was absolutely correct. You. don’t deserve me.” Elora muttered and pushed him hard. 
He fell to the ground. He felt that there was a power that pushed him onto the ground with force. He came back to his senses from his drunken state. He became completely sane. 
“Your mother?” He asked with confusion and tried to sit up. 
“Yes, my mother. The greatest witch in the world. Georgiana James.” 
His eyes widened in shock. “G-Georgiana is your mother?” 
“Yes, I am her daughter. And I am powerful like her as well.” 
“Elora, you are misunderstanding me. I want you to be with me. Ryan is no-” 
“Stop it.” 
Elora did not let him talk. Her glowing green eyes were only getting dark. As if some powers were forcing her to misplace her mind, she 
shook her head. 
“Ryan is the master of my fate. He wants me to reject you. I will do 
that.” 
“What?” He asked and stood up with all of his strength. 
When he tried to approach her, he felt an invisible wall between them, preventing him from going close to her. No matter how much he tried, 
couldn’t get to her. 
h 
“Liora, listen to me. I need to tell you something.” 
“I don’t want to hear anything from you.” She said and shook her head. 
“It’s about us. It’s about your-” 
She could not let him finish his sentence and stated, 
“I, ELORA JAMES, A TRUE HYBRID, REJECT YOU ALPHA ETHAN AS. 
MY MATE.” 
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169
Allison came out of the garden. She was frightened for the future. 
What she had just heard was something that could cause a clash between two brothers. 
“He knows about it. Then why didn’t he let Elora go?” She questioned herself as she made her way into the hallway. 
She did a quick scan of the area. 
‘I think I should talk to him about it.’ She thought and tried to find 
Ryan. 
eyes found him, she was a little surprised. She saw Ryan th Alpha Neil. 
od in a corner and did not go to disturb the father-son’s 
ersation. 
Where were you?” She heard a voice. 
She turned and replied, “Teresa, I was in the garden.” 
“The way you dragged Ethan like that! What happened?” 
“Teresa, I am feeling scared.” 
Teresa wrapped her arm around Allison and rubbed her arm. “Why? Are you okay? Did your father continue to make an effort to exert his influence over you? Or is Ethan more adamant than ever
about keeping you?” 
Allison shook her head and responded, 
“Tess, he confessed to me about his feelings.” 
The look of wrath on Teresa’s face was clear. “That jerk still has the 
nerve to tell you he loves you after all the things he has realized?” 
“No. He confessed that he loved Elora. Wait…. Did you just say he has realized? Did you know everything?” Allison asked with a shocked. tone. 
Teresa looked away from her but nodded her head. 
“I was aware of that. Elora told me about it when she felt the bond. That’s why I was always close to her every day to handle her.” 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” 
“And what would you have done after learning it? Went to talk to them and try to matchmake? No, Allison. That’s not how things go. They have their lives. If they are unable to feel anything for one another or to a 
feeling to one another, then there is nothing that can be en them.” 
d he loved her. What about Elora?” 
seen a glimpse of devotion in Elora’s eyes for Ethan. I was 
cked because I had seen her roaming around Ryan. But when she 
d me that Ethan was her mate, her heart started to move for him. 
And believe me, Allison. No matter how much you want someone else, when your mate comes toward you, you won’t be able to resist him. That’s how powerful a mate bond is.” 
“But 
should have told me everything, Tess. You knew I was going to marry Ethan. What about my wedding? If I had not planned to back off, maybe I might have ended up marrying him. 
Teresa heaved a sigh before releasing her grip on Allison’s arms. She held her hand and said, 
“He will never let you marry Ethan. Do you ever wonder why he has come back at this particular time? He told you that he was waiting for. you, didn’t he? Do you really think he would let you go so easily? He is 
? 2% BONUS. 
Alpha Ryan. I have witnessed the power that he carries in his pack. Every creature, be it a werewolf, a witch, or a hybrid, kneels down to ham in reverence. With his power and abilities, he will never let you many someone else.” 
Allison stared at her. “B-But he said he hates me. Tess.” 
“Hate or love, I think it’s always you in his heart.” 
Allison cast a sidelong glance in the direction of Ryan, who was 
drinking, while nodding his head as if he were answering his father’s question. 
Suddenly, a breeze of serenity blew its way into her core. 
“Don’t worry. Everything is going to be fine.” Teresa told her. 
The way 
argu 
es talking with his father, it did not look like they were omething. 
y expect that?” 
abbed the back of her hands and replied, 
see where fate will take us.” 
son fixed her eyes on Ryan and mumbled, 
hope he will make everything right.” 
In the garden 
Elora rejected Ethan as her mate. She saw him standing straight after hearing her rejection. 
He appeared to be in a state of disbelief as he peered at her. 
His eyes went completely blank. When there is no suffering, there are. 
no emotions. It was like he was frozen. 
As soon as she realized that he was in perfect health, she retreated. 
“I wish that we had never crossed paths, Ethan. I really miss the Elora I was before I came here.” She said that, and a tear escaped from her eyes. 
She turned around and left the garden without looking at him back for 
once. 
When Elora walked out of the garden, Ethan finally let out the breath he had been holding. 
His body hit the ground with a thump as it dropped to the ground. He reached out and clutched his chest while clenching his hand over his white shirt. 
Afte 
said those words to him, he had the sensation that 
ad stabbed him in the chest. However, he did not allow her e agony that was written all over his face. 
et out a deep groan. 
was able to sense that blood was coming out of his nose. His 
wolf started to howl inside. 
He felt his lungs were going to explode. The pain that he was experiencing was beyond his ability to bear. As a direct result of this, his Tre body started to shake. 
He was going through excruciating anguish that he could not endure any longer. 
‘Does it what rejection feels like?’ 
He knew no one could reject an alpha. Then, how did Elora reject him? 
“Why is it feeling like I am going to die?” He mumbled as he stared at. the open sky above him. 
The feeling of someone killing your wolf surged inside him. 
The outer edges of his eyes began to well up with tears. As if, one by one, his bones were breaking, he was lying in hell. 
Would he die tonight? Was this his end? 
Was it retribution for rejecting his mate once? Was that why his second mate rejected him? 
He wanted to tell Elora something, but he could not get the opportunity. 
Thinking that, he let out a gasp as his upper body rose into the air, and then it descended back to the ground. Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth and soaked the white shirt he was wearing. 
Something hit his mind, and it caused his eyes to widen. 
He tried his best to link his mind with Wade but failed because his wolf was no longer reacting. 
He made an effort to stand, but he failed. 
The pain across his entire body was getting worse by the second. He felt like his brain and heart were about to explode at any moment. 
With every passing second, his breath was getting slower. 
he sensed that everything around him was becoming darker, he took a deep breath and slowly closed his eyes. 
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170
While sitting on the bar, Max was informing Ryan about the pack. Meanwhile, Ryan’s eyes were fixed on the way Allison took Ethan. He could see Elora making her way in that direction. 
“In my opinion, we shouldn’t put any stock in what Mr. Charles says. Even though he is reliable in his work, I have a sneaking suspicion about him.” Max said. 
“Yeah, bro. I also feel the same. In fact, Colin sometimes warned me about him.” This was said by Vernon as he took sips from his drink. 
“Ryan, are you paying attention to what I’m saying?” Max asked when he gave Ryan a shoulder pat. 
“I am all ears.” He replied without moving his gaze. 
Max shook his head and uttered, “We will talk about it later. You are not in a mood right now.” 
Ryan did not respond to it. At that moment, his father approached 
him. 
“Would you mind giving me some time to talk to him?” His father said 
to Beta Max and Theta Vernon. 
After exchanging a glance with one another, Max and Vernon shook their heads in response to Alpha Neil. 
“Of course not.” Max replied. Then he left the bar with Vernon, leaving. the father and son to have a quiet talk on their own. 
Alpha Neil sat on a stool next to Ryan and ordered a drink. 
Ryan ignored him totally while looking at the way, which led to the. harder area. 
When he saw Allison coming out of the way, it caused a frown to form on his face. He removed his gaze from that location and shifted his attention to Alpha Neil. 
Alpha Neil lifted his glass, and Ryan toasted with him. “Cheers, Alpha Neil.” Ryan said and sipped on his drink. 
“Ryan, when will you stop calling me this? I am your dad. Call me dad.” 
Ryan raised an eyebrow. “Sorry? Did I hear wrong?” 
Alpha Neil quickly averted his eyes before speaking, saying, 
“I came here to talk to you.” 
About what?” 
First, I want to congratulate you on your success. You have achieved a lot at this age. I am an unfortunate man who was not able to witness it in person.” 
His voice was lower. Ryan sneered at him and shifted his eyes to the people around the hall. 
*Unfortunate not to witness? What I remember is that you said you were an unfortunate father by having a son like me, Alpha Neil.” Ryan’s voice was full of mockery. 
Alpha Neil looked at the young man sitting beside him. Even though. he was his son, he was never able to comprehend him. He never demonstrated his might to his father in any way. As a result, he
was unable to recognize his potential. Who could have predicted that he would become such a powerful Alpha? 
“I heard what you said to Alpha Easton. So when you were leaving the hospital that day, you actually went to get his beta?” 
When Ryan was drinking, there was a pause in his lips. He gave an. amused grin as he twisted his head to look at Alpha Neil. 
“Not bad. You are not as foolish as I had thought.” 
The sarcasm that his son had used made Alpha Neil laugh out loud. 
Ryan kept his gaze fixed on him. It was the first time that he had ever seen his father laughing with him. It was awkward for him. He had never thought to have this type of conversation with him. 
He averted his gaze and said, 
“What did you want to talk about?” 
“I have never treated you with respect when I have spoken to you. But your mother has always been a strong advocate for you. It was usually me who reprimanded her for siding with you in any argument. Don’t punish her like this. She is innocent here.” 
Ryan’s attention was drawn to his mother, who was having a 
conversation with Allison’s mother at that moment. She looked upset. 
“Maybe she is an ideal wife, but she is not a good mother. Because I heard mothers love their children equally.” 
“She loves you, Ryan. Two years ago, when you left the pack, she came dangerously close to losing her mental health. She required some time to mend her broken heart. She will die if you leave this 
time.” 
“Oh, are you serious? So tell me, what it is that you want from me. Are you suggesting that I abandon my realm and remain here with her? Or, if I may inquire, would you like for me to hand over the packs to your son?” 
Alpha Neil shook his head as he heard him. 
“No, son, I didn’t intend for you to think that.” 
He looked at him with a frown. “Son? Which son are you talking about, Alpha Neil? The son, who you always disgraced? Have you 
forgotten what it was that you told me earlier? I don’t deserve to be your son.” Ryan said while flashing a grin at him. 
His remarks cut night through to the core of his father’s being 
Alpha Neil was taken aback. He placed his glass on the counter and 
muttered, 
“I don’t know what to say. If you think I am greedy, then let me tell you. I don’t want anything from you. I thought I should talk to you since you are leaving. If my words ever hurt you, then I am feeling bad about it. I have realized that I should not have done that. I don’t know why you got so angry that night. I only wanted to celebrate your birthday. I know I should not have attached your brother’s
wedding announcement that night. It would have been better if I had done it on a different day. I feel regret for that.” 
A dark laugh came out of Ryan’s throat. Some of the guests at the party thought the father and son were engaging in affectionate 
conversation. However, they were unable to hear what they were saying to one another. 
Ryan glanced at Allison, who was busy talking with Terrsa. He asked, 
“Do you know what is more regretful than this?” 
“What?” 
“Seeing the girl you love standing with her head down in the arms of another man.” 
His words astounded Alpha Neil. He followed his eyes and looked at Allison. He realized that Ryan was staring at Allison for a while. Neil could not be more shocked. 
“What are you saying? She is your brother’s fiancee.” 
“Because of you, I had to see that, Alpha Neil.” Ryan replied and turned to him. 
Well’s eyes widened in disfatt 
yan enough is enough What is wing with you see ant you think like that? She were ther’s choice the beginning 
“to that on? Then what shout your her son’s choice? Have you ever asked him about his choice, Agha NAIS 
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171
Neil looked at Ryan with eyes filled with disbelief as he stared at him. He thought back to the night of Glen’s birthday once again. He could remember how Allison hugged him and defended him. He recalled the night of Ryan’s birthday when Ryan was okay until he 
announced Ethan’s wedding announcement. 
“Did she feel the same?” He asked his son with a cold voice. 
When Ryan heard that, he laughed out loud. While he glanced at Allison, he took a sip from his drink. 
“I thought so. But…” He paused and smirked. 
“Her faithfulness turned out to be unfaithful.” 
Alpha Neil could not understand what to say. He was completely unaware of what was going 
on around him. 
“I–I-” 
He stuttered for the first time as he lost his words. He tried and wanted to say something, but before that, someone mind linked him. 
He immediately stood up with wide eyes. 
“Ethan?” 
He uttered it and turned to Ryan. 
“Wade just linked me. He said something happened to Ethan.” After saying that, he dashed off in the direction of the garden area. 
As Ryan saw every one of his family members, including Allison, head to the garden, he drained another glass of liquid. 
All the guests that were there appeared to be confused. They had no idea what was causing everyone to rush in that direction. 
Ryan got to his feet and started making his way toward the middle of the hall. Everyone’s attention was drawn to him immediately. Beta Max walked up next to him and said to others, 
“Ladies and gentlemen. It’s nice to meet you all. I believe that the celebration is now over. I hope that Alpha will recognize you when you visit our pack. I hope Alpha will see you all in our pack next time. It is now time for us to leave. You can all depart at this time.” 
The voice of one of the Alphas could be heard asking, “Where is Alpha Ethan? He should stay to at least see us off.” 
Ryan arched his eyebrow. “Why? Am I not enough for you?” 
The Alpha gulped and shook his head. “I didn’t mean that. Please don’t take it that way. My sincere apologies.” 
Gamma Colin glared at everyone and said, 
“You all have duties in your packs. Go back safely before dawn. No one knows when you will 
get in danger.” 
After being given the warning, everyone looked at one another, nodded their heads, and exited the pack house. 
“I recalled, just like tonight, Ethan’s beta Wade instructed all the guests to leave that night.” Delta Owen broke the silence to Beta Max and lifted his drink with a sly grin on his face. 
Ryan snickered when he recalled that night. He cast a cursory look toward the staircase. 
“Ryan, will you go to see him?” Beta Max asked him about Ethan. His mate, Teresa, also went with Allison to see Ethan in the garden. 
“No.” 
“I think he is dead.” Gamma Colin said and dialed a number. 
Ryan turned to him and said, 
“You all, except Max, go back to the Black Moon.” 
Gamma Colin paused and frowned at him. 
“This was not the plan you have discussed with us. 
“I changed the plan at the last moment.” 
“Bro.” 
“Just go back, Colin. I will be back soon.” 
Colin sighed and nodded at him. He looked around at the others and motioned for them to head for the exit. 
Vernon and Owen said to Ryan, 
See 
you soon.” 
“Hmm.” 
Vernon, Owen, and Colin left the pack house to leave the pack. 
Beta Max stared at Ryan, which he ignored completely. 
Max did not say anything to him and saw him going upstairs. 
Ryan walked toward a bedroom and stopped at the door. 
He could hear sobs coming from the room. He twisted the doorknob and looked inside the 
room. 
A woman was crying on the couch. Her mascara was messed up because of her tears. Her beautiful face turned pale. 
She caught a glimpse of Ryan, who had only moments ago come into the room. 
“R–Ryan!” 
She uttered and got on her feet. 
He closed the door behind him and walked to her. 
She rushed to him to hug him. Her hands wrapped around him tightly as she began to cry aloud. 
He embraced her and then gently stroked her back while looking at the blank wall. 
“I–1 reject him.” She said and sobbed. 
“You did well, Elora.” 
She shook her head and replied, 
“I didn’t want to.” 
He frowned and grabbed her arms to move her away from him. 
He then made his way to the couch and sat down. 
She bowed her head in submission. When she afterward became aware of what she had just said to him, she hastened to wipe her eyes. 
He lit a cigarette and observed her. 
“Didn’t I ask you if you fell for him? Why did you lie?” He asked while inhaling smoke. 
“I–I…” 
“Stop stuttering like a weak woman. Did I turn you into a hybrid for behaving like this?” 
“No.” She shook her head. 
“No.” o 
She approached him in a deliberate manner and kneeled down in front of him. 
‘Alpha” 
He stared at her. She was sitting close to his legs. 
“If you think you can use your body to please me, then you are wrong. On this day, you should mourn and not think to give pleasure to others.” He let out coldly. 
She ignored his remarks, rested her head on his left thigh, and then shed tears. 
He did not push her. She sobbed, and her tears fell on his black pants. 
He looked away from her. He placed his hand on her head and stroked her hair. As if he were soothing her, she closed her eyes. 
After a while, she mumbled, 
“He didn’t know that I was a true hybrid. He will die, Alpha.” 
His hand paused, and he replied, 
“Then let him die.” 
She raised her head and looked at him. 
“Alpha, I know what he did with Allison was wrong. But she didn’t die. She is alive.” 
He blew out the smoke from his mouth and stared at the woman, who looked vulnerable to him. 
“If I hadn’t gone to the forest, she would have died that night.” 
She parted her lips in shock and averted her eyes from him. 
He flickered the ash of the cigarette and said, 
“He thinks compensation means asking for an apology without experiencing anything. But that’s not how things work in my world. 
He has to feel the same way that he made my woman feel. 
No mercy for him.” 
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172
Everyone rushed to the garden when Wade contacted them through mind links. 
He told them that Ethan was not okay. 
“ETHAN!” 
When Ella saw her son laying on the ground, she let out a shrieking cry. The white shirt he was wearing was covered with blood. 
“What in the world happened to him?” In a fit of rage, Alpha Neil asked Wade. 
“I don’t know. I was searching for him when Allison said he was in the garden.” Wade replied. Everyone turned their heads toward Allison. 
“How did something like this happen, Allison?” Glen put the question to his daughter. 
Allison was rendered, unable to respond due to her shock. Her eyes welled up with tears as she looked at him. She had a hard time accepting that Ethan was in the condition that he was in. She just saw him, and he seemed to be in perfect health. 
She balled her hands into fists as she recalled that Elora had been with Ethan when she left him there. 
“It’s not time for this. Call Linus.” Alpha Neil said. 
“He is on the way.” Wade replied. 
Other officials of Ethan were also gathered around. 
In a few moments, Doctor Linus arrived at the garden. The state that Ethan was in shook him to his core. 
He raced up to him, and the first thing he did was place his fingers on Ethan’s nose. 
When Ella witnessed this, she burst into sobs and wailed loudly. How could a mother see her. son die like that? 
“He is still breathing. But…” Linus continued after a little pause. 
“But what?” Alpha Neil growled. 
“I can’t find his wolf inside him. It’s getting harder for him to catch his breath.” 
“You are talking nonsense! Get him to the nearest hospital immediately. Do something. Treat him hurriedly, Linus.” 
Linus fixed his gaze on Ethan and then informed, 
“Uncle, he doesn’t have any wounds outside. H–His mate rejected him. His wolf is leaving his body. I don’t know how I will be able to control his heartbeat.” Linus said as he got emotional by looking at his head Alpha, who was his closest friend in this situation. 
Everyone was startled by hearing Linus. 
“Rejection?” Alpha Neil muttered and turned to Allison. 
Allison stared at Ethan. Ella looked at Allison and asked, 
“Did you reject my son?” 
“I–I am not the one.” Allison forced herself to let out the reply. 
Ethan was assisted in taking to a bedroom downstairs by Linus and Ethan’s officials. 
Linus managed all the equipment in the room. He wiped clean Ethan’s upper body, which was filled with blood. 
But there was not a single scratch or cut on his body. It was the hurt to his wolf, the wound to his inner body, that a physician was unable to treat. 
After affixing an oxygen mask to Ethan’s face, he turned to the other people and said, “I don’t know how long he will take a breath. But it is impossible to reject an alpha. I don’t know how this happened.” 
“How can we save him?” Allison asked. 
Teresa rubbed her forearms to try to calm her down. 
“Only a powerful force can save him. But only a miracle can make it possible.” Linus said with disappointment. 
Alpha Neil–looked at Wade. 
“CALL GEORGIANA NOW.“! 
Almost instantly, Wade reached for his phone and dialed Georgiana’s number. 
“We don’t have much time. We have to do something tomorrow morning.” Linus told him. 
Wade tried Goergiana’s call several times, but she did not pick up once. 
“Anyhow, I want her here. Only she can save my son. She is a powerful lunar witch. She has the power of force.” Alpha Neil said and dialed her number himself. 
“I want my son back, Neil. Do something.” Ella cried while hugging Ethan’s lying body. 
Allison took a few steps backward before turning around. 
“Where are you going?” Joey asked her. 
She did not reply to her mother and left the room. Teresa followed her behind. 
“Where are you going, Allison?” She asked her. 
Allison proceeded to climb the staircase. Her expression radiated rage in every way. 
“How can she reject her mate?” Allison said and headed to Elora’s room. 
She opened the door and paused. The view in front of her enraged her more. 
She noticed that Elora had her head resting on Ryan’s leg. While doing so, he gently stroked the top of her head. 
He continued smoking as if he could care less who had entered the room because he did not move at all. 
“HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TO HIM?” Allison yelled at Elora. 
Hearing the yelling, Elora stood up and wiped her face. 
Allison could see her shredded makeup. “What’s the use of crying now? How could your own mate? i 
“Allison, calm down.” Teresa said to Allison. 
“No, how can I? How could she reject her mate? She was his second chance.” 
“So? He was not her second chance.” 
They heard Ryan’s voice.. 
you reject 
He got up and tossed the cigarette away before doing so. After destroying it with his shoe, he turned to gaze at Allison. 
she has the right to reject him. The man who doesn’t deserve her and is going to marry 
someone else, how can she not reject him?” 
Allison glared at him. “This is all happening because of you. He is dying. Are you happy now?” 
He rolled his eyes and left the room without replying. 
Allison turned her head to Elora, whose tears were rolling nonstop. 
“While we were in the garden, he told me that he has feelings for you. He said he could not marry me because he had fallen for you. And this is what you gave him? Rejection?” 
Elora was stunned by Allison’s words. “He said what?” 
“Yes, you heard right. He expressed his regret to me and told me that he would no longer be able to be with me. He said he loved his mate. Why did you decide against him when you were aware that your decision could end his life? You could have given him some time.” 
“I…” Elora felt lost. She looked at Teresa with lost eyes. 
Teresa felt bad looking at Elora’s condition. Allison did not let Teresa comfort Elora and said, 
“I will never forgive you if something happens to him. His life is in your hands.” 
“What? In my hand?” Elora asked in disarray. 
Allison nodded at her and said, 
“If you have even the slightest amount of guilt in your heart, call your mother to come here. before morning. 
Only Georgiana James has the key to his salvation.” 
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173
“My mom? How can she help him?” Elora asked with confusion. 
“Only 
she can describe that. Uncle Neil is trying to contact her. But she is not picking up calls. Do something and ask her to come here. Hurry up.” Allison said to her. 
Teresa took her phone out of her purse and gave it to Elora. 
“Here is my phone. Call her.” 
Elora shook her head. “No, I need to call her with my phone.” 
Allison scoffed at her. “Stop crying and wasting your time. He doesn’t have much time.” 
Saying that, she left the room. 
“Teresa, I didn’t mean to kill him. I didn’t want to.” Elora sobbed and hugged her. 
“Elora, please call your mom. 
Elora nodded and rushed to her bed to search for her phone. She found it and dialed her mother’s number. 
She glanced at Teresa. Teresa smiled at her and said, 
“You can talk to her. I am leaving. Take care of yourself.” 
his 
Elora stared at Teresa, who walked to the door. She left the room and closed the door behind her. 
The moment the door closed, Elora sat on the bed and looked at her phone screen. Her mother cut off her call. 
She dialed again and again. At the seventh time, her mother picked up the call. 
“I was busy with some procedures. How can you disturb me like this after so many times I rejected your calls?” Georgiana’s voice came from the other side. 
Elora was quiet for a minute. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. 
‘Are you crying? What happened? Did Ryan scold you for something?” Her mother asked. 
“He is dying, Mom.” Teresa let out a cry. 
Her mother did not respond to her as she understood who she was talking about. She sobbed and said, 
“Mom, he needs you. Please come fast.” 
Georgiana spoke out with a cold tone, 
“Have you rejected him?” 
“Y–Yes, Mom. I did what Ryan wanted. I rejected him. I knew his life could be in danger, but I still did it. I didn’t know what had happened to me that tim- 
She paused, and her eyes widened. 
“MOM!” 
She shouted and got on her feet when she realized something. 
“Stop shouting. I can hear you clearly.” 
“Mom, how could you do that?” Elora asked as she recalled that the force that messed up mind in the time of rejection was actually her mother’s craft against her heart. 
her 
“I just helped you to stop being foolish. Ryan wanted the right thing. You had to reject Ethan, and it was your fate.” 
“Mom, I have done what you wanted. Now, please come to the pack house to save him.” “Who says I can save him?” 
“Alpha Neil said that. He is trying to contact you; why are you not receiving anyone’s call?” 
“Well, I am busy in my coven. I can’t receive anyone’s call right now. I can’t use my phone. It’s against the law.” 
Elora frowned when she heard that. “Mom, why are you lying? You met me two days ago. You are in this pack.” 
“But Alpha Neil doesn’t know that, honey.” 
“If he gets to know that, he will kill you.” 
“No one has the audacity or power to harm me except Alpha Ryan. And how will Neil get to know about it? Who will tell him that I am here?” 
“I will tell him.” Elora said in anger. 
“Stop talking nonsense. Go to Alpha and try to be with him. Don’t waste your time on silly things. Ethan is just a pawn in your destiny. Your master is Ryan.” 
Elora bit her bottom lip as she tried to control herself. 
“Mom, this time, I will not listen to you. You have to save Ethan. He is not my mate anymore. So just save him. If you don’t come to the pack house before the morning, I will tell Ryan everything.” 
“ELORA!” 
“Bye, Mom. See you here soon.” 
When Allison left Elora’s bedroom in anger, she turned her heels and headed to the last bedroom. 
She did not knock and flung open the door. 
She saw Ryan standing in front of the window while resting his hands on his pants pockets. 
She shut the door loudly and walked to him. 
He turned around and got a hard push on his chest by her. 
She pushed him while glaring at him. 
“How could you do that?” She asked. 
He frowned at her without answering her. 
“I can’t believe that I loved this kind of man. You made me feel guilty all the time about your broken heart that you loved me and waited for me. But what happened to your that heart when you yourself
hurt your own brother? How could you let her do that?” 
The wrath rose, and her anger came out through her mouth. 
His eyes turned dark, and he grabbed her arm and pulled her to him. 
“You look so desperate to save him. It looks like you were right. People can’t forget their first love. Does old love grow in your heart once again?” 
Allison’s eyes shot a glare at him. She was not afraid of him. 
“You took your revenge. Are you happy now? Or do you need to confirm your brother’s death first to become happy, Alpha Ryan?” 
He scoffed at her. “Have you forgotten how he rejected you? Didn’t he leave you to die just like that?” 
“So? Does that mean I expect him to feel the same? No, never. I can never imagine that. He made a mistake, and he asked for forgiveness for each passing day. Now, what should I want? His death? 
Ryan released her arm, and she shifted backward. 
“Didn’t I warn you about it first? I only have two people in my target. Ethan got what he deserved. Now..” He paused and smirked. 
She grabbed his collar and warned, 
“Don’t dare to hurt my dad.” 
Ryan glanced at her hands, which were grabbing his collar as if she would kill him. 
“If I do, then what? What can you 
do?” 
Allison pushed him and stepped back. 
“You are a beast. I just hate you, Ryan Iversen. I hate you.” 
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174
Allison stared at Ryan. He showed no emotion whatsoever, making it appear as though her remarks had no impact on him at all. 
“Stay away from me and my family.” After saying that, she exited the room. 
She was seething with rage. She was taken aback by the fact that Ryan was aware of the mate bond between Ethan and Elora. She knew Elora was not the only one behind the rejection. Ryan might push her to do that. 
Allison proceeded to the room in which Ethan had been moved. 
She noticed Ella was crying silently. Alpha Neil was walking back and forth in the room. 
Linus was sitting on the edge of the bed, checking on Ethan’s health from time to time. Allison glanced at Ethan. He was lying on the bed, lifeless. Only his heart was beating to tell others that he was still alive. 
“I will put an end to her life if I ever find the woman who rejected my son.” Alpha Neil said. “I asked the maids if they saw who had entered the garden at that time.” Glen said to Alpha Neil while gazing at Allison. 
Allison turned to him and shook her head. She tried to stop him from saying anything. Ethan had already been rejected by Elora, and there was now nothing that could be done about it. However, at least her mother had a chance of saving Ethan. 
“Tell me the names.” Alpha Neil said to his best friend, who was still trying to play his beta’s role after retirement. Just like a loyal beta, he went to find out about the incident. Since Wade was busy
with Ethan’s health and had to manage the pack activities at that time, he thought he should step forward. 
“At first, Allison went into the garden with Ethan, but when Elora walked in, Allison left the garden.” 
“Elora?” Ella mumbled as she heard Glen’s statement. 
“But how is it connected to her?” she asked. 
“Call that woman and ask her.” Alpha Neil growled at Wade. 
Wade looked away from him and remained silent. 
Everyone in the room was surprised by his silence. 
“Did you already know about that?” As Alpha Neil approached him, he questioned. 
Wade lowered his head. “Ethan strictly forbid me from discussing it with anyone else. I am obligated to follow the order of my Alpha.” 
“Total nonsense! Is it anything that ought to be kept a secret?” He roared. 
At that time, the door opened, and Elora walked into the room. 
She gave Ethan on the bed a glance before clenching her hands to bring herself back under 
control. 
Allison took note of the appearance of Elora’s face. It appeared as though she cried a lot. Behind him, Ryan entered the room. 
Allison turned away from him. She did not want to look at him right now. She was angry with him. The way he warned her about her father, she was afraid that he would hurt him in the future. 
“How dare you come here? You dared to hurt my son.” Alpha Neil hastened his approach to Elora. 
Ryan, however, came between them and halted him before he could get to her. 
“Whoever will try to hurt her, I will take action by myself.” He muttered to Alpha Neil. 
Elora lowered her head in silence. 
“Take action? What about what she had done to Ethan?‘ 
“That’s her and his private matter, Alpha Neil. Why do you bother to come between mates who don’t want to be with each other and have different partners?” Ryan replied calmly. Hearing him, Neil turned his head toward Allison. He shifted his gaze back to Ryan and asked, 
“You took revenge, didn’t you?” 
Alpha Neil’s words astounded everyone. 
“Revenge for what? Your son is so fragile that he is unable to deal with anything, not even the rejection of a hybrid.” 
Neil looked at Elora and asked, 
“Who are you? An Alpha can never be turned down by anyone. It is the power that we Alphas inherited from the goddess of the moon. Then how could you reject an Alpha?” 
Elora raised her head. She was not in her right mind. She was regretting rejecting Ethan. She was caught off guard by the unexpected nature of her feelings. Her wolf was wallowing in regret inside of her like a bereaved widow. 
“I–I am- 
“She is not obligated in any way to explain anything to anyone. How can you expect her to accept your son when she is engaged to be married to someone else? Or perhaps it has become. your habit to snatch others‘ partners and give it to your son as he wishes.” 
The taunt that Ryan made was clearly understandable to Neil, Allison’s parents, and even Allison herself. 
Glen got to his feet and started walking over to Neil. “Alpha, this is not the time to argue with your family. It is time for everyone to get together and pray for Ethan.” 
“See? Learn something from him. Ethan’s future father–in–law is really worried for him. He can feel the pain because who knows when people get in danger like this.” Ryan said while looking at Glen. 
Glen could feel that Ryan’s words were intended for him. He ignored his remarks. 
“But he doesn’t behave like family, Glen.” After declaring his defeat to his closest companion, Neil turned around. 
“Can you all just stop it?” Ella said and stood up. 
She wiped her eyes and turned to look at her husband and son. 
“If the two of you can not stand to be in the same room together without arguing, then you should leave the room. Can’t you see Ethan’s situation? Is it a joke to you both?” 
Ryan could see how broken his mother looked. He did not say anything. On the other hand, Neil was glaring at Elora. He could not just think of letting go of the culprit because of whom his son was
dying. 
Elora lowered her head and said, 
“Please forgive me. I should not have done that. I should have waited for my wedding and let Ryan mark me so Ethan did not have to feel the rejection like this. By that, the mate bond would break easily with less pain.” 
Alpha Neil was about to reprimand her, but before that, Wade spoke out as if someone had informed him of something in mind link. 
“Georgiana is here.” 
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175
Goegiriana entered the room and cast her gaze around everyone there. 
“Georgiana! Thanks a lot that you have come here.” When Neil saw her old friend arrive to 
son, he felt compelled to speak up. save hi 
Georgiana’s eyes fell on Ryan, who was there, standing next to her daughter. 
She moved closer to him and bowed to him. 
“Alpha” 
Neil frowned at her and asked, 
“You knew about him? But why didn’t you tell us?” 
“It was his forbidden law. It is only up 
to him to reveal to others who he truly is. Anyone who 
wants to divulge it will be required to exit his pack. 
“His pack? Are you living in his pack?” Glen asked with a shocked tone. 
“Yeah, he has the biggest coven in the world. There is no other pack that can provide the 
witches with the conveniences that he does. We owe him an enormous amount of gratitude for giving us such a nice life.” 
Everyone was stunned by her praise. 
“Stop trying to butter me up and do what they ask you to do.” Ryan said and rolled his eyes. Before leaving the room, he cast one final look over his shoulder at Ethan. 
Ella rushed to Georgiana and held her hands. 
“Please help my son, Georgiana. He is dying.” 
“What in the world happened to him?” She inquired as if she were what had taken place. 
“This woman rejected him.” Neil said to Georgiana while pointing at Elora. 
tely aware o 
Elora turned her attention away from Neil’s rage and toward Georgiana instead. “Mom, please do something to save him.” 
“Mom?” 
Everyone in the room except Allison was taken aback. 
“Did you just call her your mom?” Neil asked. 
Georgiana smiled at Neil and replied, 
“She is my only daughter, Elora James.” 
The others‘ eyes widened in response. 
“Your daughter? But she is a hybrid.” Joey said with confusion. 
“There is a long story. I can’t tell you about it. But what she had done was something your son 
+IS BONUS 
had in his fate to take inevitably.” 
“What are you saying? Are you trying to hide your daughter’s fault, Georgiana?” Neil asked in a furious tone. No matter how powerful a witch was standing in front of him, for him, his son– came first. 
“No way. Didn’t I warn your son on your other son’s birthday night? I predicted that he would become a powerful Alpha, and that is exactly what happened. I predicted that he would have a smooth reign over the pack, and he did so. After that, I cautioned him that he would have to face the consequences of his actions. It would be a punishment for the sin that he had committed himself.” 
“My son is not a sinner. Why are you saying this, Georgiana?” Ella cried out. 
“Ella, your son is not a saint either. Ask your soon–to–be daughter–in–law. Didn’t he reject her?” 
Except for Neil and Ella, 
every! 
person in the room was aware of the rejection. 
Neil looked at Glen, who was silent. Neil frowned and asked, 
“You were aware of it? Why did you hide it from me?” 
“I did not want to hurt you. After some time had passed, he reconciled with Allison and pleaded for forgiveness. Therefore, there is no point in continuing to discuss it.” Glen explained to Neil. 
Neil experienced a loss of words that prevented him from uttering anything. He turned his head to look at Allison, who was completely silent as she kept her attention fixed on Ethan. 
A flash of memory brought him back to Ryan’s few words about Ethan and Allison. 
He touched his chest as he felt a slight pain in his heart. 
“NEIL!” Ella screamed. 
Glen and Wade were holding Neil to keep him from collapsing. Everyone helped him to sit on the couch. 
“Please, drink some water, Uncle.” Allison handed a glass of water to Neil. 
Neil held the glass and looked at Allison. He thought back to the day when she made him realize how cruelly he had behaved toward Ryan all these years. That day, he felt suspicious. about her defending Ryan. Tonight, when Ryan told him about Allison, he made it abundantly evident that he used to have feelings for Allison. 
‘Did I make a big mistake?‘ 
He thought, and his hand trembled. The water from the glass spilled a little. 
Linus checked on him and gave him some medicine. 
1 
“You should not put much pressure on yourself mentally. Just calm down.” Linus advised him. He gave Georgiana a thoughtful look before saying, 
“We can not afford to waste even a single second. He does not have a lot of free time. The mechanical apparatus will not be able to control the rate of his heartbeat. Since you are a Lunar witch, you are the only one who can save him. You can summon the power directly from the 
moon. Please help our Alpha.” 
Georgiana gave Ethan her full attention before giving a slight nod. “I will do everything in my power. You all are my old friends. Through my prophecies and cautionary words, I have always- pointed you in the right direction. If it means giving up anything important, I will do everything it takes to ensure the safety of your child. Ethan is like my son, too.” 
When everyone heard Georgiana, they all experienced a momentary pause in the activity of their hearts. They believed she would help him. He was so dead that no one could save a dead body. He was still alive, so there was hope. 
“Everyone, please leave the room. Let me do my work.” Georgiana said to others. 
One by one, everyone left the room to let Georgiana do what she wanted. 
She cast a glance in Ethan’s direction before turning to face her mother. 
“Mom, please save him. I am aware that you are keeping many of your powers hidden from me. You have the power to save him.” 
“Do you believe your mother this much?” She said and stroked her hair. 
“Mom, I beg you. For me, save him.” 
Elora thought her mother would give her a condition not to go close to Ethan if she saved her. But to her surprise, she replied, 
“I will try.” 
Elora gave her a warm grin and an embrace. “Thank you very much, Mom.” Then she left the room with her fingers crossed. 
Georgiana looked at Ethan as soon as the door had been closed. 
Her normally placid expression morphed into one of rage. She hurried over to him and stood beside him. 
“How can you still be alive?” She asked him as if he were listening to her and would reply back 
The color of her eyes changed. As she directed her gaze toward the man who was lying on the bed, they began to glow. 
She bent and leaned toward him. “You should have died when she rejected you. What is it that is keeping your body from releasing its hold on your soul?” 
Her silver nails grew to an impressive length. She stroked his face with her nails. 
“I lied to my daughter. You are the main thorn in my daughter’s path. She lost her heart to you. in a few days without much interaction. I kept calling her to remind her not to go close to you. But she failed to do that. She can not become a stone heart like her mother. It’s her loss.” 
She closed her eyes and chanted a spell before opening her eyes again. 
She removed the blanket from his upper body and placed the palms of both hands on his chest. 
“Mors tua inevitabilis est.” 
Ethan’s body jerked up and fell back to the bed. 
Georgiana stepped back with a dark grin on her lips. 
“Now, even if they go to someone else, no one can save you. I will tell your parents that I helped you. 
But the truth is, I clenched your wolf’s heart inside. You and your wolf will both perish together before the sun rises.” 
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176
Everyone gathered outside the room to wait for Georgiana to come out. All of them had worry written on their faces. 
“Neil, our son is dying.” Ella whimpered and sobbed as she spoke. 
Alpha Neil extended his arm out to envelop her in his embrace and wrapped his arm around her. 
“Don’t worry; our son will be fine.” He assured her. 
Although he was aware that it would be extremely challenging for Georgiana to save Ethan, he was unable to share the facts with Ella. 
He had no choice but to pray that Georgiana, despite all of her obstacles, would be able to save 
Ethan. 
His gaze wandered throughout the hallway and then settled on Elora, who was likewise crying her eyes out. Her expression revealed that she was filled with regret. 
His gaze turned, and it settled on Allison for a moment. 
He recalled what he had learned about Ethan and Allison. 
He could not just believe that his son, Ethan, could reject Allison. 
Why did he do that? 
If he were fine at that time, he would have slapped him for doing this. 
He turned his head to look at his best friend, who was aware of everything but had chosen not to tell him anything about it since he believed his son’s mistake would only hurt him. 
The door to the room opened, and he swiftly turned his attention to the woman who emerged from it. 
“Georgiana” 
Ella rushed to her. She asked with a hopeful voice, “How is my son?” 
Georgiana looked at her and sighed. “I tried my best.” 
“And?” Alpha Neil inquired about Ethan’s health and wanted to know more about it. 
Georgiana gave him a friendly grin and nodded her head in response. 
“And I was able to help him. Hope he will be fine soon. 
Everyone felt relaxed. Ella embraced Georgiana and expressed her gratitude to her. “Goergiana, you have my sincere gratitude. When will he finally open his eyes? 
“About it, I have no idea.. Your pack doctor may check him.” 
Linus acknowledged her with a nod before proceeding into the room to check on Ethan. Everyone walked inside to see what the doctor had to say regarding Ethan’s condition. 
While Linus was checking on the medical mercenaries, he also checked on Ethan. He had a frown on his face. 
“What happened, Linus?” Wade asked with worry. 
“Beta Wade, I think his situation calmed a little, but I can’t locate his wolf inside him. I don’t know when he will be fine. Because his heartbeat is still unsteady.” 
“But..” Wade was about to say something but paused and turned his head to Georgiana, then asked, 
“You said you could help.” 
Georgiana nodded her head with approval. “Yes, I cast spells on him. I hope he will be fine soon until the moon goddess decides something else.” 
“Don’t say that. He will be fine.” Neil said. 
“Uncle Neil, he is still in a life–threatening situation. Tomorrow, we will be able to say something.” 
Everyone felt worried once again, Georgiana told them that she cast spells, but she did make sure that he would be fine. 
After some time had passed, Ella made the decision to remain in the room with his son in order to care for him. 
-Wade told her that he could assist her. But she refused to take his help. She told him that he 
would have to take on Ethan’s responsibility until he was fine. 
“I will be with you.” Alpha Neil said to Ella. 
“No, Neil. You are sick. Your health is not good. Go to our room and take some rest. I will be here to take care of Ethan.” 
Alpha–Neil had to leave the room. Others also went to their rooms since it was late at night. 
Allison had the intention of letting Ella know that she, too, could stay with her. However, she prevented herself from it. She did not want to disturb the mother who was eager to take care of her son. She felt that it would be rude. 
Alpha Neil told Glen that they would stay at the pack house tonight. Glen thought it would be better if he stayed the night here. Because who knew when they needed him? 
“Are you okay?” Teresa asked Elora. 
When Allison heard Teresa, she cast a glance in Elora’s direction. During the time that Goergiana was trying to save Ethan in the room, Teresa arrived to check on Allison and stayed. with her all the time. 
“I am totally fine, Teresa. Ijust want to stay alone.” She said it with an upset tone and headed upstairs. 
Teresa glanced at Elora, who was climbing the stairs. She turned to Allison. They were standing in front of the staircase. 
“I think Elora is regretting her decision.” Teresa said to Allison. 
“She should have thought about it first.” She replied angrily and proceeded to the guest room. 
She thought about Ethan the whole night. Ethan was not a bad boy. He had made a mistake, and now he was feeling pain because of it. 
“I hope you will be fine, Ethan.” She mumbled as she recalled how broken he was. 
How was she going to handle the fact that the man she had been with only a few hours earlier had just received rejection and was now fighting for his life? 
She stood by the window, unsure of how much time had gone by or how long she had been there. She turned around to have a glass of water. 
When she saw the jar was empty, she went to the kitchen to drink a glass of water. She stopped on her way back to the guest room, turned around, and then continued on to the room where Ethan was at that very moment. 
Since Ella was by herself in the room, she reasoned that she should check on her to see if she needed anything. 
However, she was stopped in her tracks when she saw a man in black attire come out of 
Ethan’s room. 
She frowned and then headed in his direction. 
“What are you doing here, Ryan?” She asked him with a suspicious voice. 
Ryan looked taken aback. His face was saying that he did not expect her to come there at that time. 
“What would I tell you?” He gave a chilly response. 
She was just about to respond to him, but at that moment, she heard a scream from inside. 
“Did you do something to him?” Allison asked Ryan while glaring at him. 
“Shut up. I was just passing the room and thought to say hi to your Ethan.” 
She paid no attention to his comments and dashed into the room instead. She noticed that Ethan’s entire body was violently trembling on the bed. Ella was wailing inconsolably while clinging to his hand. She was shocked. 
At that moment, everyone, including Elora and Georgiana, hurriedly entered the room. Georgiana was smirking as she kept her gaze fixed on Ethan while she stood behind everyone. Linus went straight to check on Ethan. His pupils became much larger. After injecting some of the medication into his arm, Ethan’s body calmed down. 
“What happened, Ella?” 
“It’s all my fault. I don’t know how I fell asleep. My sleep broke when I felt Ethan’s body shaking on the bed.” Ella began to explain while she sobbed. 
Allison cast a glance in the direction of Ryan, who rolled his eyes at her. 
After Linus had spent a few minutes arranging the medical equipment, he turned to the other people in the room and smiled broadly.. 
“He is finally out of danger now.” 
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177
After hearing the news, Alpha Neil and Ella felt a sense of relief inside. 
“Linus, my child, are you being completely honest with us?” Ella inquired with a grin on her face. Her eyes had already begun to well up with tears. 
“Yeah, his heartbeat returned to normal. He is fine, and in fact, his health is in much better condition than it was before.” Linus replied. 
Alpha Neil turned to Georgiana and smiled at her. 
“Thanks, Georgiana. You really saved our son. You proved that you are a real friend.” 
Georgiana was unable to utter a single word due to her shock. She gave Ethan a sidelong glance while gritting her teeth and clenching her jaw. But she collected herself and acknowledged Neil with a nod. 
Ella hugged her and said, 
“Moon Goddess sent you to us. You are a blessing, Georgiana. You saved our son. It was impossible for him to stay alive. You gave him a new life.” 
Georgiana gave her a friendly pat on the back and forced a grin. 
“There’s no need for it. It was my duty. I just did what I could do to the best of my ability.” 
However, she was so confused inside that her heart started to beat fast. 
‘How can it be possible? I put an end to him by casting the most powerful spell I could muster. How did this man manage to get through it and start living again? How?‘ She thought. 
“Although there is no longer any risk to him, he…” 
Linus began to speak, but then he paused. Everyone turned their attention to him. 
“He what?” Alpha Neil asked with a frown. 
“No one can guess when he will finally open his eyes. He is in a coma. But he is still with us. He can hear everything. He can feel it, too. But he can’t respond to it. But there is hope that he will wake up soon. However, what time, no one knows.” 
The words he said upset other people. But Ella gave a stern shake of the head and declared, 
“This is enough for us. We are aware that he will awaken in a short while. In the meantime, we will assist him in returning. The news that my son is still alive brings me more relief than anything else in the world. I don’t want to be greedy. If the moon goddess decides this, then we will accept it and wait for Ethan’s recovery.” 
“She is right. Our Alpha will get back soon.” Wade said. 
Others agreed with them. Joey went to stand beside Ella and held her hand. 
“He will wake up soon. Just don’t worry.” Ella smiled and nodded at her. 
Everyone eventually exited Ethan’s room after remaining there for a period of time. Linus said to them that he would stay in the room with Ethan. Additionally, he affirmed that he would 
recruit a trustworthy nurse to take care of Ethan. 
Alpha Neil and Ella were both feeling relieved about Ethan’s situation. They slowly proceed to their room. 
When they finally made it to their room, Ella went ahead and sat down on the bed. He offered her a drink of water and handed it to her. She took a sip of water and looked at him. 
“Neil, I was frightened. I thought he was going to die.” Ella stated. She was feeling emotional. Neil was quite quiet when he sat next to her. Ella confronted him with the question, 
“What happened to you, Neil? Why are you so quiet?” 
Neil took a deep breath and replied, 
“I think we made a big mistake, Ella.” 
The brows on Ella’s face furrowed. “What exactly do you mean, Neil?” 
“Ella, we shouldn’t have decided on Ethan’s wedding.” 
Ella’s eyes widened. She stood up and said, 
“What are you saying? I know what he did was wrong. He should not have rejected Allison. I will ask him about it when he wakes up. But, Neil, didn’t you hear what Glen said? He said Ethan was trying to make everything right. I am sure he apologized to Allison when he understood his mistake.” 
Neil sighed, hearing her. He shook his head and replied, 
“Ella, we made a terrible mistake.” 
“Why do you keep saying the same thing? Why didn’t yo-” 
“I think Ryan used to like Allison.” 
His words were the final straw for her. She was taken aback by it. “What did you say?” 
“Yeah.” 
Neil told her about what Ryan told him in the bar. He even told her how Allison came to him to talk about Ryan. 
“But Neil, how is it even possible for this to happen? Allison decides to accept the marriage said no to it. In any other circumstance, Glen proposal on her own. She never, not even once, or Joey would have discussed the matter with us in some way. And Ethan had feelings for her. He said that he was willing to accept Allison as his Luna. Both of them had feelings for each other. Because of this, we went ahead and made this decision, didn’t we?” 
Ella said to her husband. But she remembered what Ryan had told her before leaving the pack. 
He said she didn’t even know what her son wanted. 
‘Did he talk about Allison that day?‘ She thought. 
Neil sprang to his feet, fuming. It was the first time that he had ever felt angry older son. 
toward his 
“I just don’t understand how my son could turn his back on his mate in the first place. I am 
totally opposing it. He should have thought about the consequences. What if Allison died that day?” 
“Neil, calm down. He is lying in bed, almost lifeless. Please don’t get mad at him. He is getting– his punishment, isn’t he?” 
Ella made an effort to put her husband at ease. She was a mother, and it broke her heart to watch her child in pain. 
“I will talk about it with Allison. I want to know his thoughts.” Neil said. 
When Allison stepped out of Ethan’s room, she had a small smile on her face because she was happy for him. 
‘At least he is not going to die.” 
Ethan’s crying face was coming into her mind like a flash. She heaved a long breath. 
She let out a sigh after a deep breath. 
Her attention then turned to Elora, who was beaming with joy. She was giving a bear hug to her mother. Georgiana was the one who had saved Ethan, so Allison realized that she was thanking Georgiana for that. 
‘If she is so upset after rejecting Ethan, then why did she even reject him in the first place? Or someone forced her to do so?‘ She thought and shifted her eyes to the man who was lighting a cigarette while walking to a couch. 
She quickly averted her gaze away from him and informed Teresa that she was going to the guest room where she had been staying. 
Meanwhile, Elora held her mother’s hand. 
“Mom, thank you. You really won my heart today.” 
“Really?” Georgiana asked her daughter with a smile. 
“Yes, mom. You are the best. You came to Ethan’s rescue. I just can’t believe he is going to be okay. I just hope he will wake up soon.” 
Georgina looked away from her. 
She still did not have any idea how Ethan got himself out of the danger. 
Who had the power to break her spell and save a man who was on the verge of death? 
Her gaze wandered until it landed on the man, who was currently smoking while sitting on the couch. His smoldering eyes were intently focused on the pack house’s primary entrance. 
The moment something registered in Georgiana’s head, her eyes widened. 
‘Only he possesses the ability to break any spell. By any chance, is he the one who saved his brother?” 
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178
“Elora, go to your room and take a rest now.” Georgiana told her daughter. 
“Yes, Mom. You also should go to a guest room and take some rest.” Elora said with a smile. 
“Yeah.” Georgiana grinned at her. 
Elora happily went upstairs. In the meantime, Goergiana turned her attention to Ryan. It appeared that Beta Max was talking about something that had to do with his pack. 
Georgiana moved closer to the couch as she could hear the conversation about what they were discussing. 
“I am aware that it is your responsibility to be here in this house with your family at this time. But what about our pack? You could not roam around like before because, at that time, everyone had a specific duty that you settled on. But with passing time, our pack broadened, and we can’t trust anyone right now. At the very least, not that Alpha Charles.” Beta Max said. to Ryan. 
“Tell others to keep an eye on him. I won’t go back so soon. I want to stay here for quite some time.” 
“But Ryan, what if-” 
“Not but, and not even if. If I indicate that I will remain here, there should be no opposition to my decision.” Ryan remarked as he took another puff on his cigarette. 
“Alright, I get it. I am going to give Colin a call right now. Let me convey to him your ideas on the matter.” After speaking, Beta Max stood up. He left for his room while Georgiana came to a stop beside Ryan. 
She smiled at him as she bowed to him in respect. 
“Alpha” 
Ryan did not even bother to look in her direction. His attention was totally focused on the entrance. She gave the door a quick check before asking, 
“Alpha, is someone coming? Are you waiting for someone?” 
A small frown appeared on Ryan’s face, and he then responded, 
“Hmm. The disaster of my enemies.” 
Her eyes widened as she stepped back. 
“Disaster?” 
He turned to her and cocked an eyebrow in her direction. “A powerful witch like you has no reason to be afraid in this manner. I thought you were stronger.” 
“A–Alpha, I’m sorry for the way I reacted to it; I didn’t mean to. The only thing that makes me nervous is any kind of danger that will affect you.” 
“Danger? Me? Which dimension are you residing in?” 
“I have something important to discuss with you, Alpha. I was unable to get in touch with you, but now that I have the opportunity, I want to inform you of a few things.” 
Ryan kept smoking and gave her a nod of his head. 
“Alpha, I can smell danger.” 
The corner of Ryan’s left lip turned upward. “Really?” 
“Y–Yeah, Alpha.” 
She found herself choking in her breath at the sound of his chuckle. 
“Oh, Georgiana. I am so excited then.” 
“Alpha, be careful.” 
“Leave it. Why did you choose to save Ethan?” Ryan’s question was completely out of the blue. 
When he asked her the question, she was taken aback. She had a fixed gaze on him. ‘Me? I saved Ethan? He thinks I saved that man? That means he didn’t save his brother? Then who did?‘ She contemplated, and then she grew perplexed. 
“Cat caught your tongue?“” 
“No, Alpha. I just-” 
“Did I tell your daughter to reject him so that you could save him?” 
“No, Alpha. Your father contacted me, so I had to come.” 
“But did you get my permission to come here and save his son? If I wanted that, I would have called you, wouldn’t I? Or have you started to think that he is better than me for your daughter?” 
“No, no, Alpha. Please forgive this naive witch.” Georgiana said and kneeled in front of him. “This is my last warning. Never 
etry a trick on me. Otherwise, I won’t waste much time to clench your heart out of your chest.” He cautioned her in such a collected manner, as if he had only stated a few straightforward words. 
Goergiana did not know what she would reply to. She could not tell Ryan that she eventually wanted to kill Ethan. But in every way, he would scold her. 
She cursed Ethan in her mind. She thought that because of him, all of this was happening. 
‘I have to wait for some time. I can’t kill him right now. Alpha will start to doubt me if I do. anything now.‘ 
Thinking that, she began to prepare new plans in her mind while asking forgiveness to Ryan. 
The next day, when Allison woke up, she proceeded straight to Ethan’s room. She saw Ella was already there. 
She stood next to Ella, who was sitting on the stool that was placed close to the bed. 
“Aunt” 
Ella turned to Allison and smiled at her. 
“I was talking with my son. I am telling him that he will have to wake up soon. Linus said he could hear us.” 
Allison put her hand on Ella’s shoulder and smiled at her lightly. “Yes, Aunt. He can. He will wake soon.” 
She gazed at Ethan. He looked like he was just sleeping on the bed. But in reality, he was in a 
coma. 
Allison stayed in the room the whole day. Everyone came to check on Ethan, with the exception of Elora and Ryan. Everyone was concerned about him. 
Allison got mad at Ryan. She believed that he should at least stay closer to his parents since they were in a crucial situation. 
‘When is that guy going to get some sense? He is doing nothing more than driving a wedge between himself and his family. He did not care about anyone, not even his own brother. After that, he had the audacity to threaten me by saying that he would hurt my father. How am I supposed to just be quiet without actually doing nothing? What actions should I take given the current circumstances?‘ 
So many different things were going through her head at once. She was trapped and had nowhere to escape. She wanted to leave after calling off the wedding with Ethan. But it was the time when the Iversen family needed to be united. How could she leave the family when Alpha Neil and Luna Ella always loved her like their own daughter? 1 
Another day passed without Ethan coming back into consciousness. 
It was well past midnight when the only person in Ethan’s room was a nurse. 
The door of the room opened, and a woman entered the room and saw the nurse. 
The nurse stood and looked at her. 
“I want to talk to him privately. Can you please wait outside?” 
“But Doctor Linus told me that I had to remain here.” 
“You can contact Linus about it. I believe he won’t say no.” 
The nurse was very loyal. She did not believe her and called Linus. 
When Linus permitted her to allow the woman to stay with Ethan alone, the nurse left. 
The woman walked up to the bed and sat down on the stool that was there. 
She lowered her head and rested her palm on Ethan’s chest before closing her eyes. The glow began to shine as soon as she opened them. It was a pair of emerald eyes that were gleaming. 
“I lied to you. I lied that I regretted meeting you. 
The truth is, I wish we could have met another time in another place. I wish we could get some time to get to know each other well. I wish I could be your first mate. I wish we could get a chance to be together. 
I wish I didn’t reject you, Ethan.” 
###Chapter 179
Chapter 179
Two weeks passed. 
Ethan did not wake up yet. It was now a habit for everyone to see Ethan lying on the bed, motionless. 
Everything in the pack house had returned to its normal state. Beta Wade was taking care of all of Ethan’s responsibilities. Alpha Neil was providing assistance to him. Ethan’s other officials were also loyal. They did not give pack members any chance to complain. 
Nevertheless, the biggest problem was that the news about Ethan’s health was spreading in the air. 
The whole pack was now aware of his condition. 
They began to ask about Ethan. Alpha Neil announced that Ethan had gone outside for work. He did not want to leak it since the head Alpha was sick, it would be a green flag for other pack’s alphas. 
Ryan had not left the Moonlight Crown pack yet. As he said to his beta two weeks ago, he was really staying here for quite some time. 
No one knew why he was staying there, leaving his own pack. But his parents were happy about it. 
In fact, Ella started to spend time with her son. Though Ryan told her not to talk to him, she still tried hard to win her son’s heart. 
In the meantime, Allison was required to continue with her studies while simultaneously coming to the pack house. 
Due to the fact that the wedding had not been canceled, she was doing Luna’s duty. 
No one was asking about the wedding since the Alpha was out of the pack. But Allison had to face so many questions in school. Students always kept asking her when Ethan would come back and how he could leave before the wedding. Some of them said he did not want to marry Allison, and that was why he ran away. When the wedding date passed, he would return. Allison ignored everyone. She knew soon they would get to know about the cancellation of the wedding. 
A few days ago, Alpha Neil called her to talk. When she went to him, he asked her about everything. 
She did not stop herself that day and told him everything. She told him how Ethan rejected. her. She even told him how Ryan proposed to her and promised her that he would become a better person. But Ethan did not like it and warned her that she would have to be with him. She told him how her parents blackmailed her. 
Alpha Neil felt disappointed. He said to her that he was feeling shameful about what Ethan had done to her. He told her that he would cancel the wedding soon. 
Even more so, he was furious with his best friend. He assured her that he would talk to him about it and asked him why he did that.. 
Allison was afraid that the friendship between the two friends would crack after it, but on the following day, everything appeared to have returned to normal between them. Alpha Neil did not even call off the wedding either. But since she had already divulged all of this information, she made it clear to Alpha Neil that she did not wish to be with Ethan. So, for her, it was abundantly evident that she would not live like before after Ethan woke up. She believed Neil would announce the cancellation of the wedding soon. 
There was no indication as to when Ethan would regain consciousness, despite the fact that only two weeks had elapsed. 
In the last two weeks, Allison had noticed Elora going to Ethan’s room a few times. Whenever she came out, her eyes were puffy. 
Allison felt that Elora did not have consent for the rejection. She was forced to do that. In her opinion, Elora loved Ethan. In fact, after the rejection, she still had feelings for him. 
“Allison, stay here for tonight.” Teresa told Allison. 
Teresa remained right here with Ryan and Max rather than going back to the pack. Allison relied on her as a pillar of support. 
Allison was pleased that Teresa was with her. 
“No, I am leaving. I have to go back with Mom and Dad. I have to attend a few important classes tomorrow.” Allison replied. 
“Oh, that’s sad.” 
“I am coming tomorrow again. So there is nothing to be sad about.” Allison said and chuckled. 
Teresa pouted and said, “It’s fun to stay in the same house togetit instead of mocking him. 
Wade was just about to thank him but paused. 
Everyone looked at him with confusion. He furrowed his brows as if he were stunned by something. 
Almost immediately, he switched his attention to Alpha Neil. 
“Alph-” 
His desperate voice came out but was interrupted by a few pack fighters who rushed inside the pack house. They looked at Alpha Neil and informed him, 
“Alpha Easton has attacked our pack from every territory.” 
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180
The door of the room opened. Beta Max entered the room and looked at the man working on the laptop. His hand was grabbing a glass of wine while his fingers were holding a cigarette between them. 
“Ryan, this pack is under attack.” 
Ryan closed the laptop and looked at him. 
“Who?” 
“Alpha Easton.” Beta Max responded once he realized what the question was about and what he was being asked. 
Ryan placed the glass on the coffee table in front of him and nodded his head. 
He brought his hand up to his mouth and inhaled deeply of the cigarette smoke. His eyes were cloudy. 
“Will we-” 
“No.” He interrupted Beta Max. 
“But it is a one–way battle, Ryan. This pack’s Alpha is in bed. If they come to this place with the intention of killing him, the pack will be swallowed up by the East Flow pack.” 
“So?” 
Beta Max took a deep breath and then nodded his head. “As you wish.” 
“It’s not our battle to fight. It is not appropriate for us to intervene in the war between the other two parties. If the Moonlight Crown pack has the guts to win over the East Flow pack, let. them fight. We should not care.” 
Beta Max did not convince him. It was his choice. He was sure that he had his own reasons. 
He went downstairs to see others, especially his mate, Teresa. 
The downstairs was messed up as all the maids hid in their staff quarters. The whole Iversen family was in a disaster. 
Alpha Neil had left the pack house with Ethan’s officials. Glen also followed them behind. They were arranging the pack fighters to stop their enemies from coming to the pack house’s way. 
Allison’s level of anxiety was so high that she felt like crying. She had never faced a war before. She did not like wars. She was sure that so many people would die tonight trying to save the pack. 
Fear rushed through her mind when she thought about her father. 
Joey and Ella were crying together as they were concerned about their husband’s lives and the future of their pack. 
“Don’t cry. Everything will be okay.” Georgiana came down and told Ella and Joey. 
“Georgiana, is there any way to save everyone? I don’t want anyone to get hurt.” Ella asked. 
“Anyone or you don’t want your family to get hurt? Because you know that a war meant killing hundreds of wolves.” 
“No, I want everyone to be saved from this battle. Do something, Georgaina.” 
“I can’t do anything about this situation, Ella. It is not something in my hand.” 
Elora was standing next to her mother. She was watching the two women crying on the couch. 
Georgiana got a call on her phone. She said to others, 
“We have to go to war. Someone is injured. A pack fighter had just informed me.” 
Everyone was shocked. “Who?” Ella asked. 
“Don’t know. Let’s go there first.” 
Both Ella and Joey got to their feet. They all glanced at Allison as she sobbed. 
“Are you coming with us?” Joey asked because she knew this place was more dangerous. 
Allison shook her head. “No, I will stay here with Ethan.” 
“No, Allison. Come with us. I will send you somewhere safe.” Ella told her. 
“Please, let me stay.” 
They nodded and left for the forest. 
Georgiana looked at Allison and asked, 
“Why didn’t you go with them? I don’t think you really like Ethan so much that you decided to take care of him in the time of war.” 
“He is my good friend. I can’t go away, leaving him alone.” 
Elora stared at them without responding to anything- 
Allison hurried to the room where Ethan was. She moved over to the stool that was located next to the bed. Teresa followed her behind. 
“Ethan, wake up. Please, wake up. Your parents need you tonight. They will destroy everything. Wake up and save them.” 
She said and patted his chest. 
However, the man was unmoved. Allison had no idea what she would do. She didn’t even know what was happening in the war. 
She stayed there for some time. Suddenly, she started to feel fear for her parents‘ lives. Especially her father, who went to fight. She realized that her decision was wrong. She should have gone with her mother and Ella. 
She spoke out, 
“I will go to the battleground.” 
“Stop talking nonsense, Allison.” Teresa said to her. 
“No, I have to reach where everything is getting destroyed. I want to go to my parents. I don’t want them to get hurt.” She got on her feet and left the room. 
On her way, Allison met Elora, who was heading to Ethan’s room. 
“Allison, don’t go out.” Teresa told her. 
But Allison ignored her caution and rushed outside. She could see fire in the sky. 
“Did they throw fireballs to destroy our pack?” She thought and headed to the forest. 
Nevertheless, she observed several pack fighters making their way back to the pack house. She intervened and questioned them, 
“What happened?” 
‘Beta Wade gave us the command to stand outside and watch over the pack house. The situation is currently quite difficult to understand. Alpha Easton came here in full force. It’s a win–or–die war. If we win, we will take over the East Flow pack, but if we lose, Alpha Easton will take over our pack.” 
Allison bit her bottom lip in fear. She could not help but inquire about her father’s health. 
“How is my dad? Is he okay?” 
“You are asking about the former Beta Glen?” 
Allison nodded her head and prayed in her heart. 
“He sustained wounds to his arm, but he is continuing to fight. We do not know whether or not he was injured by a weapon mixed with poison. It is possible for it to cause severe harm.” 
As soon as she heard that, she could feel her entire body beginning to shake from the inside out. Her eyes welled up with tears, 
She saw blurry in front of her. 
Who could save them right now? 
Only one name came to her mind. She closed her eyes and turned around to the pack house. She threw away all of her self–respect and ran inside the pack house. 
Her legs froze when she had just entered. 
Ryan was sitting on the couch while smoking. He was sitting like a king, with one leg crossed over the other. He had one hand resting comfortably on the headrest of the couch, and the other hand was on his lap since he smoked with it. 
In the past two weeks, she had tried her best to stay away from him. He did not even come out much as well. 
She began to step forward. The movement of her legs came to a halt in front of him. 
He did not look at her. His eyes were fixed on the entrance. 
“The demise of you all has finally come. There is no hope for any of you anymore.” He let out a lower tone and smirked. 
Allison sobbed as she heard him. 
When he shifted his eyes to her face, she felt her knees tremble. 
“What? What do you want?” He asked without breaking eye contact. 
She fell on her knees and looked at the floor. Tears streamed out of her eyes as she continued 
to cry. 
“P–Please, save our pack.” 
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181
“Allison!” 
When Teresa saw her best friend crying on the ground while kneeling, she was unable to hold back her need to rush up to her and comfort her. 
On the other hand, Max took her by the hand and pulled her along with him. 
“Max, let me 
CO.” She said. 
Max did not listen to her and began to drag her up the stairs. 
Meanwhile, Georgiana and Elora were looking at Allison. They were standing a little far from the couch Ryan was sitting on. 
Ryan’s eyes were fixed on Allison the entire time. 
When Allison did not hear him, she raised her head and looked at him. 
“Please?” 
Ryan raised an eyebrow and asked, 
“Why would I?” 
“Ryan, that’s your family. Your father is in the war, fighting for this pack. My father is already injured. Who knows what will happen to him?” 
“So you are worried for your dad.” 
“No. Not only for my dad but also for everyone. This is my pack. I want my pack to be saved.” 
“But this is not my pack. Why would I help you all?” He asked and inhaled smoke, then exhaled it the next moment. 
She frowned at him. She was getting angry at his remarks. 
“How can you say that? This is also your pack. Your brother is lying in bed. If he had been awake, he would have never let his father go to war alone. He was always concerned about his parents‘ lives. That’s why he tried to avoid wars.” 
He scoffed when he heard her. 
“Then your head Alpha is a cowardly man. Let me tell you the truth. He is not a leader but a follower who only works under the former Alpha. The Alpha, who avoids wars in fear of losing lives can’t be a leader but a mare pack member, who hides in his house in fear of danger.” 
Allison closed her eyes as she realized that she could not make this man understand anything. 
“So you won’t help?” 
“There’s no reason for me to. Is there some kind of alliance that exists between the Black Moon pack and the Moonlight Crown pack? I can’t remember it.” He mocked her with his words. 
She rose up slowly and looked directly into his eyes as she did so. She gave him a small nod and then continued, 
13 
“Don’t help then. Let your parents die in front of you, then regret this night for the rest of your life. You will mourn that you had a chance, but you could not save the people who gave you a chance to come to this world.” 
” 
“Stop lecturing me. I am not in the mood, Woman.” 
His cold voice made her flinch. She took a few steps back before turning around to face the 
entrance. 
“I am an omega, but I will also fight for my pack until I die.” 1 
Saying that she left the pack house. She dashed to the woodland that was close to the pack house, where she entered the forest and continued running. 
In the meantime, Elora held Georgiana’s hand and took her to a corner. 
“Mom, you will help them.” 
“Are you mad? Do you think witches can help in a werewolf war? We don’t have any work there.” 
“Then why did you tell Aunt Ella about going to the war?” 
“I was thinking about something at the time.” She responded while casting a glance toward the door of Ethan’s room. 
Elora was not a fool. After following her gaze, she became enraged at her mother. 
“Mom, I can’t believe this. After saving him, how can you think like this?” 
“What did I think?” Georgiana asked her daughter. 
“You want to hurt him, don’t you?” 
“Elora, my child. Don’t be so silly. Why would I?” She said and held Elora’s hand with a smile. Bur Elora stepped backward and warned her, 
“Mom, if you do anything bad to him, I will see you.” 
Georgiana grabbed her arm tightly and asked, 
“What will you do to me? I am your mother, but look how you are talking to me so disrespectfully. It seemed like I spoiled you too much.” 
Elora snatched her arm away from her mother’s hold and replied, 
“I can do many things, Mom. This time, I will tell Ryan everything truly. I will tell him that you are the one who cut my wrist and let me die in pain so that he would come and save me.” 
Georgiana’s eyes widened. She pressed her palm over her daughter’s mouth and scolded her. 
“You have gone completely insane due to your love for that Ethan. Now, will you start to blackmail your own mother?” 
Elora rolled her eyes and remained silent. She could not expect anything more from her mother than to emotionally blackmail her. 
On the other side, Allison was frantically sprinting in the direction toward the border where the war was taking place. 
She had to run long. She reached a point where she could see Ella and her mother, Joey, standing and crying. 
They were surrounded by a large number of guards who prevented them from proceeding to the next region. 
“Mom, Aunt!” 
She went to them. 
“Allison!” 
They were surprised that she had come there. 
“Go away. They will see you. You are an unmarked omega. It’s not good for you to be here.” Ella told her and wiped her eyes. 
d no idea that she would do that. 
She quickly entered the area, leaving them behind. 
One of the guards yelled and tried to follow her to bring her back. “Catch her!” 
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182
Allison evaded capture by the guards. She had a speed that allowed her to run. When she looked up and saw the view in front of her, she could not help but stop. 
A small number of trees were consumed by the flames. If they were to spread, the blaze could consume the entire forest. She witnessed the fighters from her pack engaged in war, but it was clear that they were outmatched by their rival wolves. 
She wanted to shift, but she thought it would only grab the attention of others since her wolf was white. 
She was able to observe that not everyone had shifted. Half of the people shifted, and others remained in their human form. 
A man brandished a wooden stake in an attempt to attack her. She instantly kicked on his lower half and used the opportunity to steal the stake out of his hand. 
She did not know what gave her the bravery, but she pierced the man in the heart with the stake, and then she ran ahead to kill others. 
She had never killed anyone before. So it was really unfamiliar and mournful for her. However, she would need to fight if she wanted to save herself and her pack. 
They were not innocent people either. 
She was taken aback by how well she could defend herself. She was unaware of her true fighting potential at the time. She was able to evade and kill a great number of attackers. 
It was not a movie where she would not get a single scratch in any fight. In reality, she was injured in a few different places. But despite this, she continued to fight. 
At one point, she noticed Beta Wade, she followed his direction, and found her father and Alpha Neil. 
All of them were in their wolf form. Everyone was in their wolf form at that point. Because she was so preoccupied with finding them, she failed to remember that she needed to protect herself. 
She felt a scratch on her right arm. Blood rushed out of her hand. 
At that time, she saw all the pack fighters of the East Flow pack getting heavy over her pack fighters. 
Alpha Easton was going to win the war. 
Only a few people of the Moonlight Crown pack were alive, which did not give them winning because their head Alpha was already missing in the war. It would be declared that the head Alpha fled away out of the dread of the impending war.” 
Allison cried when she spotted a few wolves circling over her father. 
She made an effort to approach him, but another wolf blocked her path and began to claw her body. 
She hissed in pain while trying to kill the wolf. The wolf was going to bite her leg in ant 
10 
attempt to separate it from the rest of her body. 
However, at that precise time, a loud growl could be heard coming from the depths of the dark forest, which was now illuminated by an orange blaze. 
The growl left everyone in complete shock. They halted and searched around for thé who had made the growling sound. 
person 
Everyone could make out a large number of silhouettes approaching from the opposite side. “Who are they?” 
One of the pack fighters of the East Flow pack asked. 
After a while, after they had begun to slaughter the wolves belonging to the Easy Flow pack, they yelled very loudly. 
“THE BLACK MOON PACK HAS ALSO ATTACKED THE PACK!” 
Allison was shocked to hear that. 
Did he come to kill them? Because he clearly refused to help them when she asked for his help. The situation turned wild. The war became increasingly chaotic as each pack warrior belonging to the East Flow pack was killed one by one. 
Allison stopped the flow of blood from her arm wound by pressing on it as she stood in the shade of a tree. She was already feeling hazy. 
When she entered the war, she did not experience any dread for herself. But now that she was thinking about Ryan, she noted that her heart rate was slowing down. 
survive now? Will he kill us?‘ Shot 
‘He has attacked our pack. How can they ‘He has attacked our pack. How can they su 
1 
It was well known throughout history just how mysterious Alpha he was. He had never been defeated in any battle. That meant he would kill everyone tonight. 
“Please, Ryan, just please. Don’t do anything that will make you regret forever.” She said and cried. 
She did not want to hide, but her hand was hurting. Due to the severe pain, she was unable to move. She tried to convince herself to get out and jump into the fight once again. She could make out the scratches and cuts made by the claws of other wolves on her body. They were oozing blood all over the place. 
Instantaneously, she had a thought pop into her head. 
Didn’t Georgiana mention to the other people that she would be coming as well? Where exactly did she go? Was she holding her breath, expecting Ryan to attack? 
‘Is she going to help him kill all of us?‘ She thought. 
‘What about Elora? Does she also want that?‘ She tried to find the answers as she looked at her 
arm. 
“No, I can not allow myself to be terrified of this wound. I have to fight back.” She told herself, and then she emerged from the cover of the tree’s shadow. 
She started running while holding the wooden stake in an effort to protect herself, despite the 
fact that her right arm was injured and she was able to strike. 
She dodged a few but could not avoid a man’s attack. He was about to pierce a stake in her stomach when a hand stopped him. 
She cautiously moved her head to look for the person who had saved her. When she realized who it was, she was completely taken aback. 
She gasped and let out, 
“ETHAN!” 
GET
###Chapter 183
Chapter 183
She had a hard time believing the fact that Ethan was awake and standing next to her. 
Was he really Ethan? Or was she merely having a dream? Did she have hallucinations at that moment? 
Ethan killed the man and turned to her with a warm smile. “Are you okay?” 
But he made a frowning face when his gaze landed on her arm, 
When he woke up in the pack house and found himself there, everything was a jumble. He left for the war and came here. He realized that he could not shift, which really broke his heart. But he was an Alpha. How could he not fight back and run away? He jumped into the war without his wolf and started to fight like an Alpha. 
“When did you wake up?” She inquired while maintaining her focus on him. 
“Before a while.” After responding, he turned his attention to the pack of wolves that was closing in on them. He was successful in throwing them both to the ground and then snatching the stake out of Allison’s hand. He drove the spike deeper into the chest of the wolf. Allison’s eyes widened as she watched a wolf race for Ethan. However, a wolf with black and brown fur pounced on the other wolf and killed him. 
Ethan turned to stare at the wolf that had rescued him. After a moment of silence, he spoke softly. 
“Thanks, Ella.” 
That time, Allison got to know that it was Ella. The hue of her wolf surprised her quite a bit. The hybrid did not possess the one–of–a–kind color. (2) 
Ella veered off in a different direction and rushed ahead. Ethan was unable to prevent himself and gaze at her as she confidently took down a large number of wolves all by herself. 
Both Ethan and Allison headed in the direction of their fathers. They stopped when they saw Alpha Easton. He had not shifted yet. 
“Alpha Neil, I was told that your son has been ill. See? I decided to seize the opportunity and attack your pack. But I was unaware that your other son was still in this pack. But sadly, he can’t save his father now. Because you are under my control.” 
Alpha Neil was about to go to him, but a few wolves captured him. 
“DAD!” 
When Ethan realized that his father was in danger, he let out a scream of rage. 
The Moonlight Crown Pack immediately stopped fighting and turned around with surprised expressions on their faces. When they looked up and saw their Alpha standing in front of them, they could not believe what they were seeing. 
The adversarial warriors saw an opportunity to attack them and took advantage of it. 
“Ethan! You have woken up! Son, why are you here? Go back.” Alpha Neil said in the mind link. 
“Ethan!” Beta Wade was in the same state of shock 
“Get away from my dad.” Ethan yelled in Alpha Easton’s direction. 
Alpha Easton laughed at him. “What brazen behavior you have! I’ve heard that you have a lot of fighting skills. Where exactly is your field of expertise? Why didn’t you just shift? Or have you perhaps lost it?” 
“Leave my Dad.” Ethan repeated it again. 
“A few years ago, I made an attempt to take your life, but at that point, your brother was able to protect you from me. But tonight, he himself has sent his troops to slay each and every one 
now of you. How do you feel about it? Who will save you He just made my victory that much easier.” 
The entire war started over again, except this time, every official, Alpha Neil, and Glen were captured by the wolves of the rival pack. 
From both sides, a few men seized Ethan and Allison. Ethan glared at them and tried to move because his wolf was not reacting to him. 
Alpha Easton was unable to contain his amusement as he watched them struggle. However, his laughter could not last for very long. 
His smile froze when he heard a growl. When he noticed a man coming toward them, all of the color in his face immediately faded away. 
Nobody tried to harm him because they were aware that doing so would only result in their own deaths. 
“Ryan?” 
Allison whispered to herself as she stared at him. She tried to break free herself when a few men grabbed his arms. 
“What are you doing here?” Alpha Easton asked while furrowing his brow. 
“Come on, East. Is this a place to have chit–chat? I was wondering if this is how you win other packs, Ryan asked while sweeping his gaze over everyone with his sharp eyes. There were four formidable wolves standing behind him, indicating that they were his officials. 
Allison observed that there was an immense amount of blood covering Ryan’s body. But it was not his blood; it was the blood of the other wolves who were trying to get close to him. 
.? 
“All right, Ryan, how about we make a deal?” 
“Deal? Interesting.” When he lifted his hand, his wolves immediately stopped fighting with one another. Easton’s sides were also doing the same. But the Moonlight Crown pack did not have many pack fighters in the war at this time. 
“Let me kill this father and son, and then we will divide the pack amongst ourselves. What’s to say?” 
Ryan raised a brow and nodded his head. 
“Not a bad idea.!! 
Allison’s eyes widened, “Ryan, how can you say that? It’s your own blood and bones. Your 
father and brother. Will you let him kill them?” She yelled even though she was crying. 
Ryan gave her a stern look, signaling for her to shut her mouth. Ethan appeared unruffled and as though he had nothing else to say. In the meantime, Alpha Neil had a disappointed look on- his face as he stared at his son, Ryan. 
At that time, Ella’s voice could be heard reverberating across the forest as she reached there. 
“DON’T KILL THEM.” 
###Chapter 184
Chapter 184
“Mom, why are you here?” Ethan questioned his mother as she was being held captive by a group of wolves. Joey was also present, but she quickly shifted and rushed to Glen. 
Allison was unable to cry any longer. She had the impression that everything was beyond fixing. Everything was beginning to slip through her fingers, as well as her mind. 
“DON’T TOUCH MY MOM.” Ethan yelled at the wolves in an angry manner. 
“Calm yourself down, Alpha Boy. We hold no ill will or resentment toward noble ladies. We are simply interested in taking your head, and more specifically, that of your father.” Alpha Easton remarked to Neil while maintaining her sneer. 
“You killed my father in a war. I didn’t forget that. You gained the support of our pack members in order to oppose him simply due to the fact that you were not a fan of the way in which he was leading the pack. After that, when you attacked the pack, everyone joined in to assist you in killing him. You can never earn my forgiveness. Your beloved son will be killed right in front of your very eyes. Simply sit tight and keep an eye out till it’s your number.” Alpha Easton was about to approach Ethan when he felt a hand grip his shoulder from behind. This prevented him from going to Ethan. 
“Why are you in such a hurry, my old buddy?” Ryan’s dark voice came to everyone’s ears. Alpha Easton slowly turned to him and asked, 
“Didn’t we make a deal?” 
“Did I just say that I agree?” 
“Rya-” 
Alpha Easton got interrupted by a punch and fell to the ground. Everyone shifted their attention to him. 
They realized that his face had been pierced. When they switched their attention to Ryan’s hand, they noticed that he was holding something in his fingers. It was the same as if four razor–sharp knives were brought together. 
“Four silver knives!” Easton exclaimed. When Easton saw what Ryan was holding in his palm, he was taken aback and astonished. He realized that his face was beginning numb. 
O go 
The moment the East Flow packs noticed that their Alpha was being attacked, they resumed the battle. 
One of the wolves rushed to Ryan. 
“Oh, Beta Ramon! Instead of sending you a warning, I should have killed you that night.” Ryan muttered. 
A few wolves joined Beta Ramon as well, and all of them were officials working for Alpha Easton. 
The pack warriors of the East Flow pack were the current target of Ryan’s officials. They were busy killing the pack fighters of the East Flow pack. 
Ryan shoved away all of the wolves that were approaching him and rushed to the direction of Ramon. When Ramon jumped on Ryan, both of them fell to the ground. 
A painful growl came out from their direction. 
“RYAN!” 
Allison let out a piercing scream. She cried out loudly. Fear began to quicken the pace of her heartbeat, and she felt her stomach turn. She was able to make out Ryan’s body underneath Ramon. During her grief, she had the sensation that she was going to die. She thought that Beta Ramon had killed him. 
Every one of the Moonlight Crown Pack was shocked. 
Because Beta Ramon was in his wolf form at the time, his body hovered above Ryan. Everyone thought the growl came from Ryan. 
But their mouths dropped open in surprise when they watched Ryan push Beta Ramon’s body away from him. 
What shocked them was the heart in Ryan’s hand. 
He ripped Beta Ramon’s heart out of his chest with his bare hands! 
“I knew you would attack one day. Because of you, I had to spend quite some time in this pack. But you took a long time. As you can see, the person you are hunting has even recovered from death. You should have come before he woke up.” Ryan said and turned to Easton, who was now a little far from him. 
Easton was unmoved. The cuts on his face had a burned appearance to them. 
Ryan twisted his head to the right and then to the left. The sounds of bones cracking reached ears around him. 
“Ryan, you have always protected your family without letting them know. Because of you, no one has ever had the courage to attack this pack. But not any longer.” 
Saying that, Alpha Easton shifted and rushed to Alpha Neil to kill him. 
“DAD!” 
“NEIL!” 
an 
There was echo of Ethan and Ella’s screams. Alpha Neil prepared to draw his final breath and closed his eyes when he realized that there was no way for him to survive. 
But the attack never came to him. 
With a ground shaking growl, a black giant wolf shifted and stopped Alpha Easton before he could reach Neil. 
Alpha Easton’s eyes widened as he saw the giant wolf. It was impossible for him to accept that it was Ryan. 
The pair of orange eyes came dangerously close to taking his life. He forgot everything and wanted to ask forgiveness as he recognized Ryan’s real identity. 
But Ryan did not give him any chance to apologize because, before that, he detached his head 
from his body, which caused it to roll down to Alpha Neil’s legs. 
Everyone was frightened, but at the same time, they were compelled to feel numb as they looked at what had just happened. 
Ryan looked at everyone and raised his head to look at the moon, which came out of the cloud just to give shine to its favorite creature. 
He howled loudly. 
Each and everyone’s knees were shaken by it. His scent made them feel inferior and forced them to submit. They fell on their knees, whether they were in human form or their wolf form. 
Allison was shocked from the moment Ryan shifted. Her eyes never left him when she saw him killing the enemy with just a single move. 
His scent also made her fall on her knees, but all of those were not the reason for her shock. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks as she mumbled, 
###Chapter 185
Chapter 185
Everyone was gazing at Ryan with shocked eyes. 
One of them spoke out, 
“A True Blood!” 
Ethan was staring at Ryan. His eyes were focused on him. He was also feeling submissive toward him. 
While sitting on his knees, he remembered the night of Ryan’s birthday. He had told him about it that night. 
“Don’t be so arrogant about your wolf, Alpha Ethan.” 
He leaned close to him and whispered, 
“Because if I shift, no one here can stay on their feet. You will have to bow to me, and I will destroy everything in front of your eyes.” 
Ethan shifted his eyes to everyone around them. Indeed, there was not a single person who stayed on their feet. Everyone had to bow to Ryan when he shifted. 
He turned his attention to Ryan once again. His eyes met his.. 
There was a slight smile scrambled on Ethan’s lips as he spoke out loudly. 
“All hail to the new Alpha of the Moonlight Crown Pack, Alpha Ryan.” 
Everyone around them started to howl in cheers. 
Since he attacked the pack and killed the enemy, and the Moonlight Crown pack’s Alpha was kneeling before him and surrendering himself, the war was won by the Black Moon pack. 
Ryan’s family was already surprised, including Glen and Joey. But no one noticed or heard Allison. 
She was still in perplexity. She could not believe that Ryan was her mate. 
However, Ryan did not give a glance at her for once. Could he not feel the mate bond? 
Allison felt that life played a very dirty game with her. If she knew that Ryan was her mate, everything would not have turned out like this between them. 
She was stunned that he was a true blood alpha. She recalled the painting she had seen in the art gallery. 
She remembered what the elder witch had told her. He was the almighty Alpha, to whom everyone bowed to show respect and felt submissive before him. He gave shadows to the 
witches. 
Now, Allison could understand why Georgiana or that older witch woman always bowed to him. It was not because he was a giant pack’s Alpha but because of his rank. He was true blood!.. 
Beta Max rushed to Ryan and said something in their mind link. 
Ryan growled and linked with every wolf around him. 
It was the first time his pack members would hear him through à mind link 
“Everyone go 
back. 
His voice came out as an order. Everyone stood up and bowed to him, then left for their houses. All the Black Moon pack’s warriors left for their own pack. 
Ryan did not shift back. He was about to pass his father, but he stopped when he saw his father bow his head on the floor before him. 
It really startled others. It was a respectful act toward a head Alpha, but at the same time, doing that was like losing self–respect for the person if he was a head Alpha once. 
Ryan’s brows shot up when he saw his father bowing in front of him. He gazed at him and said in his mind link, 
“Raise.” 
But his father did not stand up, as if he did not want to. 
“Neil, why are you doing this? No matter what rank he is, he is still your son.” Ella said to Neil and hurried to him. 
Ryan looked away from them and left the forest without glancing at anyone. 
The war had finally ended. 
After a while, the fire department arrived to put out the blaze that was consuming the trees in 
the forest. 
One by one, everyone left for the pack house. When it was only Allison and Ethan left, she turned her head to Ethan and noticed him. 
He was still kneeling, just like her. He was looking somewhere, as if he were lost in thought. 
Allison had no energy to ask him anything. She was already drained with thoughts. She stood up slowly and said, 
“L–Let’s go, Ethan.” 
Ethan nodded his head and shot on his feet. He turned to her and smiled. 
“Are you happy?” 
“Huh?” 
She thought Ethan was taunting her because Ryan had become the head Alpha. “I–L…” 
“You should be. He deserves it.” Ethan let it out in a low tone and headed on the way back to the pack house. 
Allison stared at his back. She frowned when she thought about him. Why did he not shift tonight? Why did he announce the win for Ryan without trying to fight against him? However, it was obvious. Ryan’s winning was clear. No one could win against him. 
When Allison reached the pack house, she saw no one in the living room. She understood that everyone had left for their own rooms. The whole pack house was turned into a mess because of the fear of war. 
She went to the guest room and took a shower. Her wounds were hurting, and her heart froze to feel that. 
When she came out of the bathroom after taking a shower, she heard noises coming from outside. 
She left the room and went to the living room. She stopped her steps when she noticed Alpha Neil was kneeling in front of Ryan. Everyone was shifted back, and no one was in their wolf form. 
“Why are you doing this? Do you want to get back my new pack?” Ryan asked him with a frown. 
Alpha Neil shook his head. He joined his hands in front of him and started to speak. 
“I have always ignored you and your abilities. Never did I want to learn what was on your mind. You have always protected my pack behind my back, but here I was, always taunting you for béhaving rudely with me. From childhood, you wanted the parents who would be with you always, but we failed to divide our love between our sons equally. We should have thought about you. But we could not be the perfect parents for you. I am kneeling before you, not because you won my pack or saved my life. I am groveling before you in order to seek your pardon. 
We know we can’t give you back your childhood, but don’t break your relationship with your parents. We are getting old. Don’t punish us like this. 
Forgive us, my son. 
###Chapter 186
Chapter 186
Everyone got emotional because of Alpha Neil’s actions. No one had ever seen him broken like this. 
Allison wiped her tears when she saw how a father was apologizing to his son. It was true that even if he wanted, he could not give Ryan back his childhood, but at least he could be good to him in the future. They still had life to live in. 
“Your father is right. Forgive us, my son.” Ella said and kneeled next to her husband. 
Ethan did not come between the parents and son. He stood there in a corner, looking at them. 
Ryan stared at his parents kneeling in front of him. Though he did not like to express anything, his heart hurt. 
He was a cold–blooded man. Behind his every anger, it was always his parents who had pushed him to the limit. 
How could they forget how they behaved with him and how they ignored him his whole life? But today, when Easton was going to kill his father, he really got mad at him. He cursed himself for not being cruel and watched his father die. 
In reality, he had never had a single intention to hurt his family. Though they failed to take his responsibility, he never forgot his duty. 
He sighed as his heart wanted to let it go. His heart was tired of grabbing hatred for his family. It was fun when no one knew who he was. But now, it felt like a burden when they learned about him. 
He turned his head to Beta Max. 
Beta Max nodded at him and glanced at the others. Owen and Vernon went to Neil and Ella. They helped them to stand up. 
“You don’t have to kneel in front of me.” Ryan muttered without looking at them. 
Ella and Neil look at him with a small smile. 
“Can we think that you forgave us?” Neil asked with a pair of glistening eyes. 
“I can forgive anyone, but not them whom I chose not to.” Ryan replied to Neil. His eyes then shifted to Glen. 
His head was low. He did not let out a single word all these times. 
Ryan chuckled and stepped toward him. “What did you say? I don’t deserve your daughter. I am a reckless man. I don’t have any fighting skills. I have never seen any war. All of these were your words. Am I right, Former Gamma Glen?” 2 
Glen gulped and looked into his eyes. He felt fear inside when he realized a flame of fire could be seen in his eyes. 
“Forgive me, Alpha. I couldn’t recognize you. But I still can’t let my daughter marry anyone else except Ethan.” 
Everyone’s eyes widened when they heard Glen. They could not believe that Glen turned out to be a stubborn man. 
“Dad! What are you saying?” Allison spoke out and walked to him. 
“No, Allison. Only Ethan can mark you. He was your mate, and no one else can mark you except him.” Glen said nonchalantly. 
“Dad, what are you saying? He rejected me. We don’t have any matebond now. Have you forgotten that? There is nothing that can bind us together.” She tried to make Glen understand. 
Ryan gazed at Glen. “Interesting. Very interesting. Isn’t it Colin?” He said and chuckled. Gamma Colin nodded his head and replied, 
“This man lost his sanity, Alpha. Permit me to kill him.” He was almost ready to move forward. 
“No, don’t. Don’t kill my dad.” Allison let out a scream. Joey started to cry. She sobbed and looked at Ryan. 
“Please, my dear. Please don’t hurt my husband. He is not a bad person. He doesn’t dislike you either. He is just trying to save our daughter’s life.” 
Ryan glanced at Colin, and he stepped back. He did not come to do anything. 
“I had always liked you, Aunt Joey. But in return, you also betrayed me like my own mother. Well, that’s the past. Let’s forget it. What is there to save your daughter? Do you think I will kill her? Because, of course, if I want, I will. No one will stop me at that time.” 
His tone and words came out as a warning. Allison quietly listened to him. She frowned while thinking about why her mother said that her father was saving her life? 
“Let me tell you the truth.” Ethan spoke out. 
Everyone turned to him. He walked to Ryan and said, 
“It’s because Allison is a pure blood omega. 
Allison’s eyes widened. “Pure blood? What is it?” 
Ethan looked at her and replied, 
“Pure blood omegas are rare. They had the purest white wolf and eyes the color of the ocean. They are known as the omegas, and the moon goddess bestows her blessings upon them. In spite of the fact that they are omegas, they possess the power of an alpha female. Their hearts. are spotless, identical to the purity of their blood. But the blessings come with conditions. They can only mate with their fated mates; if not, they would lose their lives.” 
Allison was stunned upon hearing the details. Ethan did not stop and continued. 
“That was why your dad never allowed you to shift in front of anyone or get training in your wolf form. He was afraid that other Alphas would hunt to mark you since your scent was something alluring to them.” 
Allison turned to his father and asked, 
“Dad, why did you keep this secret from me? Why do you still want me to be with Ethan after everything that has happened? Why? Why can’t you allow me to be with someone else?” 
While listening to them, Ryan was standing there with an indifferent look, implying that he knew about all those things. He was a true blood Alpha, and his rank was not a joke. 
But his facial expression changed to grim when he heard Glen. 
“Only your mate can mark you. And it’s always Ethan. Georgiana has never failed to forewarn us about you and your impending demise. When we asked her about it, she said that only Ethan could be your mate and save your life. That was six years ago. Then, we have witnessed that several times he has saved you from dying. We were aware that the two of you were mates. We had no idea that Ethan had rejected you. Your mom and I even went to talk with Georgiana about you and Ryan before I talked to you about marriage. She declared again that only Ethan could be your
lifesaver. Your wolf needs him to stay alive. No other Alpha can mark you. She claimed that the blood of Ryan could not be transferred to you through marking. It will only kill you because he is not your mate.” 
###Chapter 187
Chapter 187
“She really said that?” Ryan muttered while looking at Glen. 
Glen nodded at him. Neil strolled to him and asked, 
“Glen, why didn’t you inform me about it?” 
“Alpha, I always thought Ethan liked Allison; that was why I never put up the matter in front of you.” 
“But Georgiana never said anything like that to me. However, she said something similar to it. She said Ethan’s prosperity would depend on Allison. If she stays closer to him, he will become a powerful Alpha.” 
Ryan frowned at the two fathers who were discussing their children’s lives. He could not help 
but scoff. 
“And you all believe in her?” 
Glen turned to him and said, “I know you have feelings for my daughter, but my hands are locked, my son. I can’t push her to death. She is not an ordinary omega. I have been hiding her wolf since her childhood.” 
Alpha Neil looked at Ryan and said, 
“Ryan, how can we not trust Georgiana? She has the vision to see the future. No prophecy of hers has even gone wrong. She is the greatest of all the powers. A lunar witch, the highest rank in the most powerful coven.” 
. 
Ryan gazed at his father and nodded his head. “That was why she took advantage of her abilities and used the opportunity to fool you all.” 
“Fool? What are you talking about, Ryan?” Neil asked. 
But instead of Ryan, Allison replied the answer, 
“H–He is my mate.” 
Everyone turned to Allison. Glen’s voice shook as he asked, 
“Who?” 
“Ryan is my mate, Dad.” She mumbled and lowered her head. 
Both of their parents‘ eyes widened. Glen pressed his hand over his chest and stepped back. 
“DAD!” 
Allison screamed and grabbed him, along with her mother. 
“Glen, are you okay?” Joey asked. She was also shocked to hear her daughter. It was unbelievable to them. 
“T–This can’t be possible.” Glen said and tried to take deep breaths.” 
“Linus, help him.” Ethan told Linus since he was the pack doctor and he was alot 
to look 
for everyone’s wounds after the war. 
Linus went to Glen and put out an air pump from his pockets. After using it, Glen was able to return to his normal self. 
At that moment, nobody spoke to one another. Ryan was maintaining his composure as he observed everything. But his official was the only one who could comprehend the wrath that was roaring out of his body. 
He refocused his attention on his officials and turned to face them. 
“Did you all hear what they say?” He asked them. Then his eyes shifted to Elora. 
She was present there, standing in a corner. 
“Come here.” He ordered with a deep voice. 
“Ryan, she is not-” 
Ethan was about to take a stand for Elora, but he was paused by Ryan’s glare. 
Elora walked to Ryan while lowering her head. Everyone could notice that she was crying. Her cheeks and eyelashes were full of tears. 
“Did you know about all of these?” He asked her with a deep voice. 
She sobbed and shook her head. 
“Words, Elora.” 
“N–No, A–Alpha. I didn’t know that she was planning all of these.” 
He nodded his head. He lifted his hand, and she flinched in fear. But he rested his head on her head and said, 
“I didn’t make you a hybrid to feel fear like this. Right after this moment, it will be a tough time for you. I hope you will not lose your loyalty and disobey your Alpha in any situation.” 
Everyone was shocked when they heard Ryan. Ethan parted his lips and asked, 
“You made her hybrid?” 
Ryan glanced at him and replied, 
“Didn’t she say before rejecting you that she is a true hybrid? I made her hybrid to save her life.” 
“I didn’t know that my son was that powerful.” Neil spoke out. 
“You know nothing about your son.” Ryan replied without looking at him. 
Neil felt bad that he was right; he did not know much about him. But he was happy that Ryan at least acknowledged that he was his son. 
“Where is she? Find her and bring her in front of my eyes.” Ryan ordered his officials. 
They were about to leave the pack house when Wade entered with a few guards. But with them was a woman. They were grabbing her arms while dragging her inside. 
“Alpha, look at them. They dared to lock me up. I was looking for you, but they dragged me here.” The woman spoke the moment she entered the pack house: 
“Nice try, Georgiana. I was also looking for you.” Ryan said with a maniacal smile. 
Everyone was holding their breath. They were amazed by the way Ryan handled every situation. No matter what danger was in front of him, he looked calm or indifferent, as if nothing was affecting
him and he was enjoying dealing with it. 
“Leave her.” Ryan ordered the guards, and they released Georgiana. 
He walked to the couch and sat down in a relaxed manner. He lit up a cigarette and looked at her. 
Georgiana looked around the living room and could guess what had happened. She could see anger in everyone’s eyes for her. 
Her eyes shifted toward Ethan, who was glaring at her. She immediately looked away and walked to Ryan. 
On the other hand, Ryan gazed at Ethan and asked, 
“Why did you send your man after her, big brother?” There was amusement in his tone. Ethan turned his head to Ryan and responded, 
“This woman was going to kill me during the war when I was lying on the bed. In fact, she almost killed my wolf when she first came to check on me. I could hear her at that time. I heard each and everything. I was lucky that you saved me that night with your blood. Otherwise, this woman had already planned my grave.” 
“Ryan saved you?” Neil and Ella asked at the same time. Elora and Allison were stunned as they looked at Ryan, who was peacefully smoking. 
Meanwhile, Georgiana could not help but gasp. 
“Y–You saved him? I was right. You saved your brother. But why?” She asked Ryan with wide eyes. 
“Of course, I saved him. If a brother can’t help another, then what is the meaning of the relationship of blood?” 
“B–But you sai-” 
“That you saved him?” 
Georgiana nodded her head. Her mind was puzzled by Ryan. 
Ryan blew out the smoke and replied, 
“Georgiana James, you have forgotten who I am. By just looking at your eyes, I can say that you are lying. Didn’t I warn you that day not to play any trick with me in any way? But tonight, I found out about your biggest conspiracy of all time. 
Didn’t you do the same with your daughter, too, by pushing her to death? My bad! Looks like my own witch has turned out to be a disloyal bitch.” 
###Chapter 188
Chapter 188
Georgiana was taken back after hearing Ryan. She could not believe her ears. It was hard for her to accept that Ryan was aware of everything. 
“You knew about it?” Elora asked, sobbing. Seeing her crying, Ethan leaned toward her and wrapped his hand around her shoulder, then rubbed her forearm to comfort her. 
“Of course, I knew. I was aware of her every action when she was in my pack. Otherwise, why did you think I brought another older witch to the coven?” 
Georgiana fell to her knees and cried out loud. 
“Forgive this naive witch, Alpha. Accept my apology, or kill me. I didn’t mean to do that. My daughter was in love with you. That was why I gave her a way to come close to you.” 
“Hmm, we can take that excuse.” Ryan nodded his head as if he agreed with her. But he raised a brow and asked, 
“What about the wizard of Alpha Axel?” 
Goergiana’s eyes almost popped out. “H–How did you know about it?” 
Ryan glanced at his officials, and they started to chuckle. Others were looking at them with 
wonder. 
“That wizard was a fan. When Ryan returned to the coven from this pack, the man told him everything he knew about you, including how you went to his pack and manipulated him into entering the coven in order to break every spell.” Beta Max spoke out. 
Georgiana’s face turned pale. Ryan shook his head and said, 
“You wanted me to stay away from this pack, or I can say stay away from my mate and stay bedside your only daughter.” 
At that instant, Glen got to his feet and bolted over to Georgiana. In a fit of rage, he seized her by the hair and demanded to know, 
“You knew about the mate thing? Why did you lie to me? Why did you deceive me like that? Why did you force me to play with my daughter’s life?” 
Glen was yelling in fury. His eyes were watery and blurry. He could not believe that their old friend, whom he thought was a well–wisher of them, turned out to be an evil witch. 
How could he forget about the days when he heard her daughter crying alone in her room? There were many times when he had the urge to go talk to her and tell her the truth about the situation. He desired to reassure her that he was not ruining her life but was, in fact, protecting her from danger. Every time, he stopped himself and Joey because he knew that their daughter was stubborn. If he had told her about it, she would not have listened to any prophecy and would have chosen the path of love. 
But now he was regretting it. He felt that he was actually a life destroyer for his daughter. He was living with seeing hate in her daughter’s eyes because he felt that her daughter was at least safe. But now, how could he live with this guilt? 
Glen fell to the ground with a push when Georgiana grabbed his wrist. She pushed him with power. It burned his wrist slightly. 
Joey and Allison were the first to reach him. Allison scowled at Georgiana. 
“How could you do that to me? What have I done to deserve this from you?” 
As soon as Georgiana realized that everyone had been aware of every detail of the truth, she lost all desire to keep anything a secret. 
She started to laugh. Her dark laugh echoed throughout the pack house. 
“I thought we were good friends, Georgiana. Why did you play with my children’s lives?” Neil said this to her with a disappointed look. He came to his best friend to support him and told Linus to help him. 
Meanwhile, Ella was crying. She stared at Georgiana. “I despised you. You are also a mother. But you didn’t even bother to hurt your own daughter. Why? What was the need for you to do that?” 
Georgiana’s eyes glowed green. Her face turned grimace. She twisted her head and pointed her finger at Elora. 
“I wanted my daughter to become the Luna of a true blood Alpha. She fell for him too. But she never paid attention to what I had to say. I desired to have control and power. I wanted her to be powerful. So I pushed her to death so that your son could come and save her. I wanted him to mark her that night. But he was clever enough to understand my plan and did not mark her.” 
Saying that, she turned to Ryan, who was staring at her with his sharp eyes. He asked her, 
“You wanted power? What if I show you some new power? Are you excited?” 
Georgiana was astonished, but she gathered up her courage. She was the most powerful witch. How could she lose? She nodded her head proudly. 
“Come.” Ryan let out. 
At that precise moment, Teresa and another elderly woman entered the pack house as though they were waiting for him to grant permission to do so. 
Allison realized that Teresa was absent all the time. However, when she shifted her eyes to the old woman, her lips parted, and she said, 
“Grandma, you?” 
It was the old witch she used to meet at the bus stop. Last time, she was the one who told her about the true blood at the art gallery. 
Suddely, something hit her mind. 
She felt tears roll down her eyes when she recalled her statement. 
Upon their first meeting, she told her she had a mate. The next time, she told her that her mate was the Almighty Alpha. She mistook it and thought that she was talking about Ethan. In fact, she was the one who told her to stay close to her mate to get her wolf back. 
She was talking about Ryan the whole time! But I could not understand her.‘ She thought and bit her bottom lip to control herself. 
“Allison, her name is Aurelia.” Teresa told her. Aurelia smiled at Allison. 
Allison observed that Aurelia appeared to have a younger appearance compared to how she appeared in the art gallery. It was not a cosmetic because it could not change her complexion or make her glow, rather, it was something else. It was the power that, day by day, gave her a more youthful appearance. 
Georgiana stood up and asked in anger, 
“What is she doing here, Alpha? Didn’t you say you kicked her off the coven?” 
“I lied, Georgiana.” Ryan replied and grinned at her. 
“How could you?” Georgiana asked with disbelief. 
Ryan threw the cigarette and got to his feet. Everyone moved a little when he stood up. 
“Remember, Georgiana. You asked me a question approximately two weeks ago. You asked me why I was staring at the entrance like I was waiting for someone.” 
Georgiana took a step back as she recalled that. 
“What did I say? What was I waiting for, Georgiana?” 
She tightened her fists and replied while stuttering, “W–Waiting for the demise of your enemies.” 
###Chapter 189
Chapter 189
“Absolutely correct. You have a good memory, but how could you possibly have forgotten that I can also grab hold of your tail? You gained your strength from the blood that I provided to you, didn’t you? But throughout it all, you had every intention of giving me the slip.” 
Everyone could not be more shocked. Both Neil and Ella experienced an internalized sense of fury. They were under the impression that Georgiana relied heavily on Ryan as a means of expanding her power. They wondered if she brainwashed their son against them, too. “Alpha, don’t say that. I never wanted your bad. I simply wished for you to bestow your strength on my daughter. Your Luna will surpass all other wolves in strength and power. Your rank is rare, as is your mate, whom you will mark. Please, don’t misunderstand me.” Georgiana begged while shaking her hand. 
“Mom, why did you do that? That night, when Ryan came to save me, he told me that he didn’t like me. That time, I wanted to step back. But you forced me to become your puppet. 
lies.” Don’t try to put your gun on my shoulder to hide your fault, Mom. I had no idea that you had been deceiving people for such a long period of time with so many 
Georgiana rushed to her daughter. But Ethan came between them. 
Georgiana glared at Ethan and confessed, 
“I knew that you would reject Allison because it was your fate. That was why I always tried to make sure that you would never leave Allison.” 
Ethan clenched his jaw and wanted to attack her, but Beta Max stopped him. 
There was a growl heard in the pack house. Everyone turned to Allison. She was the one who growled in anger. 
She scowled at Georgiana as her eyes turned ocean blue. 
“You destroyed my life. You not only made me despise my father, but you also caused me to lose the person who was the love of my life. Because of you, he hates me now. Why did you do that?” 
Georgiana put her finger on her own forehead and then pointed at Allison. 
“Your forehead can tell me everything about your fate. You were a pure blood omega. When I saw you in your younger years, that’s when I realized it. I shared that information with your father, but I didn’t share with him the fact that you will one day be the mate of a true blood Alpha. I was the one who left those hungry wolves after you a few years ago. But your luck favored you, and Ethan saved you that night. But it only helped me make your father believe in my lies. When Alpha Easton attacked Ethan’s car, it was me who helped him track you both. His target was only Ethan. But I wanted you both to die together so that Alpha Ryan and my daughter could be mates. I had already known at that time that Ethan was my daughter’s mate. That was why I planned all the things very carefully. I wanted Ethan to die when Elora rejected him. But Alpha Ryan saved him. I wanted you to die tonight as well. But surprisingly, you all are alive just because Alpha showed his mercy on you. All I wanted was to gain my daughter’s power that she would get from her mate. Then, I would have become more powerful than anyone else. If I had my way, I would have dominated the world of witches without the 
assistance of any werewolves.” 
Allison was fuming after hearing her. She was so angry that she could not help but walk up to her and give her a vigorous slap. 
Georgiana could not take it. She glared at Allison while she touched the spot on her face where she had been slapped. 
You have the audacity to do what? You are the cause of everything that is taking place. I will kill you today.” 
She grabbed Allison’s neck and held her arm with another hand. 
Others rushed to them in an effort to rescue Allison from her. Georgiana, however, had a great deal of power, and she used it to her advantage by erecting a shield around them. So they could not break the shield. 
Ethan realized that it was the same invisible shield that he felt that prevented him when he tried to talk to Elora before rejection. 
Georgiana’s grip on Allison’s neck caused her to lose her balance and fall to the ground. Allison’s entire body started to tremble at the same time. 
Everyone backed away as soon as they heard Ryan let out a booming growl. 
Both Glen and Joey turned to look at Ryan and pleaded with him, 
“Please, save our daughter, Alpha.” 
As Ryan glared at the invisible shield, his eyes grew a brighter shade of orange. It was invisible to other werewolves, but not to him. 
When he stepped inside it, it burst like a gigantic water bubble that had been brought crashing down by a touch. 
Georgiana went insane. She was about to put all of her force to kill Allison but stopped when someone grabbed her. 
Ryan grabbed the back of Georgiana’s neck and pulled her away from Allison. 
“HOW DARE YOU TOUCH MY WOMAN?” 
He growled and shoved her on the floor. It was like the power of a hammer falling on the ground; the tiles cracked. 
“Alpha-” 
He did not allow her to speak and instead seized her by the throat. He darkened his eyes as if he were doing something with his eyes, and because of the impact, Georgiana started to scream loudly. 
In a few seconds, her tears turned into blood. She was shading blood from her eyes. 
Ryan turned his head toward Elora. Elora fell on her knees and cried. 
“Will you regret it if I kill her? 
“A–Alpha-.” 
“I gave you another chance to stay alive, Elora. WILL YOU?“ 
“N–No, Alpha.” 
She let out a loud sob. She could not believe that her mother wanted the power that she would gain from her mate. 
That meant she wanted to kill her daughter after getting her abilities. 
How could a woman be so cruel? 
Ryan cast his gaze over Aurelia. She gave her a slight nod and lifted her hands. 
As soon as Georgiana realized what was going to happen, her eyes widened, and she started shaking her head in disbelief. 
She attempted to get away by seizing Ryan’s wrist and using her spells to burn his hand. She did so in the hope that it would free her. 
Indeed, Ryan’s palm burned, but it healed in a few seconds. 
Fire began to blaze within the palms of Aurelia’s hands as she encircled them. She started to chant spells while closing her eyes. 
Everyone felt that a wind rushed inside the pack house. They were forced to take a step backward by the pressure. 
However, neither Ryan nor Georgiana moved since Ryan refused to let her move either. 
Aurelia opened her eyes. They were glowing red. Georgiana’s eyes widened when she saw that. Ryan smirked at her. 
“I gave 
her 
my power to punish you, my witch. Because you have an excessive amount of power, I require someone who is capable of competing with you. Didn’t your Alpha plan well?” 
Georgiana made an effort to apologize while shaking her head. 
When it comes time for them to die, every creature desperately tries to cling to life, but they are unable to do so because it is already their turn to depart. 
Aurelia pressed her palms together as if her palms consumed the fire. 
Ryan released Georgiana’s neck and stared at her. Georgiana cried out loud. She felt like her heart was burning inside her body when she was still alive. 
After a while, her scream stopped, and the whole pack house turned completely silent. 
Ryan stood up and mocked her while looking at her dead body.. 
“I’ve already begun to miss you. You’ve touched so many lives. Goodbye, Georgiana.” 
###Chapter 190
Chapter 190
The whole pack house was silent. As if something heavy had moved from everyone’s chest, they felt relieved. 
“Allison!” 
Teresa screamed when she saw her losing consciousness. Everyone was worried for her. 
“She will wake up soon. She just could not take so much.” Aurelia spoke out. 
Ryan stared at Allison without moving his leg. Ethan glanced at him. When he saw he was not going toward Allison, he went to her and lifted her up. He looked at Glen and then at Ryan. 
“I am taking her to a room.” 
“Let’s go.” Glen said to Linus and headed to a room located downstairs. 
Ryan did not say anything, nor did he stop Ethan. Others followed Ethan to the room, where he took Allison. 
Ryan turned around and looked at Georgiana’s dead body. He looked at his officials. They nodded at him, implying that they would take care of it. 
“Alpha” 
Aurelia called Ryan. 
Ryan gazed at her and said, “Well done. When I return to the Black Moon pack, I will declare you the leading witch. 
Aurelia bowed to him and asked, 
“Permit me to check on Allison. That child had to take so many things.” 
Ryan gave her a nod. At that time, Ethan returned to the living room. He wanted to talk with Ryan, but before that, Ryan spoke out. 
“Elora” 
Elora did not reply to him. Her eyes were on her mother’s body. She was crying while looking at her. Her body was shaking as she was sobbing like a child who had just lost her mother. 
“Elora?” Ryan called her once again. 
She flinched and raised her head to look at him. 
“Y–Yes?” 
“Follow me.” Ryan ordered her and headed to the way of the garden area. 
Elora slowly stood up. She was about to fall when Ethan rushed to her and grabbed her waist to stop her from falling. 
“T–Thank you.” She said and moved away. She then followed Ryan with slow steps. 
She turned to look at her mother for the last time and then spun to the way. She left the living room. Ethan was staring at her all the time. 
Ryan was walking in the garden. When he heard Elora’s footsteps, he turned around. The moment he turned, Elora ran to him and hugged him. 
She began to cry. She cried her heart out in his chest. 
Ryan stroked her hair and said, 
“Don’t cry. She doesn’t deserve your tears.” 
“S–She said she wanted to t–take my powers when y–you would mark me. That means she wanted k–kill me.” She sobbed and burst into tears. 
“I am telling you, Elora. The faster you can move on, the faster you can get your life back. She did not love you. She only loved power. Otherwise, she never tried to hurt you in the first place. 
Elora broke the hug and looked at him. “Y–You knew that it was her plan, but you still saved me. Why?” 
He smiled at her warmly. It was the first time she saw him smiling at her. She used to love this man a lot. But that time, he never gave her a small smile. 
Ryan caressed her hair and replied, 
“You are a pure soul. You are not like your mother. I could not let any innocent person die because of her mother’s stupidity.” 
She bit her lip and hugged him once again. 
“Thanks, Ryan. You are the master of my fate, indeed.” 
She heard Ryan, 
“Someone is so eager to talk to you that he is hiding behind a tree and eavesdropping on our conversation.” 
“Huh?” 
Elora moved away from him and turned around. She noticed Ethan standing behind a tree. He came out and scratched his neck. 
“I am sorry, I was just worried so-” 
“That doesn’t suit you, big brother. If you wanted to talk to her, you could have told me. I am not like you, who is after another man’s woman.” Ryan said and winked at him. 
Ethan was stunned to hear him. The way he was soothing Elora, he thought he would not let Elora go and really made her his Luna. 
His eyes widened as he realized how Ryan was two years ago. 
“Lil brother, how can I forget how good you are with girls?” Ethan said and shook his head. 
You are wrong. Not for once I touched her, not even let anyone do that. I knew she was your mate. I was reserving her for you.” 
Ethan walked to Ryan/and without saying anything, he hugged him. 
Ryan was taken aback by his sudden action. 
Elora was watching the two brothers talk about her. But when Ethan hugged Ryan, she stared at them. She could see how awkward Ryan was looking right now. 
She grabbed Ryan’s band and put it on Ethan’s back. 
“You allowed me to hug you twice. Now it’s time for your brother. Accept his apology and let everything go.” 
Saying that, Elora walked out of the garden, leaving the two brothers alone. 
Ryan looked away when Elora had left the sight. He patted Ethan’s back. 
“I am really sorry. I should have taken care of how you were feeling. Now I am feeling like I was a selfish kid.” 
He broke the hug and looked at Ryan. He cupped his face and said, 
“Forgive your brother. I did wrong to you. From childhood, I was afraid of losing Mom and Dad. I thought you were already their son. So if I left their side for a moment, they would corner me like other people do to their adopted child. I didn’t want to be like them. I wanted to be the best son for them, someone who always took care of them. But I should have always thought about you too. In my own world, I forgot that you also have a heart. You can also feel needy for your parents. But I swear, I always wanted us to be together. I never wanted you to go away from us like that. You never told me why you disliked me. So I started to dislike you too. There were so many fights between us, but I never thought to hurt you. Until Allison came into our lives. I regretted after rejecting her. I wanted to make everything right. For once I forced her to be with me after the breakup. That was my fault. I should have seen how much you loved her. 
But then I wanted to protect her. If Georgiana didn’t lie to me, I really let her go for you. However I wanted to save her life. But lastly, my wolf turned wild for his second chance mate. He was afraid to lose his mate so he almost hurt Allison. I realized at that time that I could not be with her anymore. I asked for forgiveness from her because I could not marry her. I was scared that she would die. 1 
I want to thank you, Ryan. You made me feel what rejection actually feels like. I thought that apologizing to someone could mend their heart, but I was so wrong. 
Thank you for saving my life and proving that you really think of me as your own brother.” 
Ryan averted his gaze and sighed. He removed Ethan’s hands from his cheeks and cleared his throat. 
“Stop being emotional. I have to go. I have so many things to do.” 
Ryan walked past him and headed to the entrance. 
Ethan turned around to him and said, 
“Ryan, Allison loves you a lot. In the past two years, I could not win her heart because it was only you who was always in her heart. It was all a misunderstanding, and she was just in a trap. It was never her fault.” 
###Chapter 191
Chapter 191
Allison opened her eyes. She experienced discomfort in her neck as well as her arm. She turned her head and noticed that there were other people in the room. 
Her parents, Alpha Neil, Ella, Linus, Teresa, and the elder witch Aurelia, were all looking at her. “Allison, are you okay?” Joey asked her daughter as she was sitting beside her on the bed. 
“Yes, Mom.” She attempted to speak, but her voice came out raspy. It was difficult for her to continue talking as she cleared her throat. 
“Don’t talk too much. You need to take some rest.” Linus instructed her. 
She wanted to sit up, but Teresa came to her and held her hand. “Didn’t you hear Linus? You need to take a rest.‘ 
“But- 
“Everyone is okay now, my child.” Alpha Neil assured her. 
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She was able to recall what had taken place before she fell unconscious. 
She did not believe that she had to spend her years in lies. It was that evil witch’s plan to make Ryan and her apart from each other. 
She opened her eyes when she remembered how Aurelia and Ryan killed Georgiana. 
She turned to Aurelia and said, 
“Grandm-” 
“Call me, Aurelia. You are safe, dear. Every danger has left your head. Your forehead is clear now. There is no mark of pain, but only happiness.” 
Allison felt tears rolling out of her eyes. She smiled at her lightly. “Thanks, Aurelia. You helped 
1. us. 
She shook her head. “All thanks to our Almighty Alpha. He gave me power. He helped me grow my rank to a higher level than I had ever imagined. I am thankful to him for giving me a new life.” 
Ryn’s parents felt proud of their son when they heard Aurelia. 
Allison looked around the room as if she were searching for someone. 
Glen came over to her before sitting down next to her. 
“Dad” 
This time, she sat up. No one stopped her. Her mother helped her as she placed a pillow behind. her back so that she could lean against it and sit comfortably. 
Glen placed his hand on her head. Allison noticed that a bandage was wrapped around his arm. “Dad, your hand!” 
“It’s just a small wound. It will be fine. Don’t worry, my princess.” 
To stop her tears from falling, she bit her bottom lip. As the realization dawned on her that she had been completely mistaken about him this whole time, she lowered her head. But he was actually thinking only about her safety. 
“I am sorry, Dad. I talked so rudely with you and Mom. I was so impolite that I stopped having meals with you both.” She said and sobbed. 
Joey shook her head as she also cried for her daughter. Glen held Allison’s hand and saw her wounded wrist. 
“I should say sorry to you, Allison. Because of me, you have to bear so many things. I was scared. I thought I would lose you. Forgive your Dad.” 
Allison hugged her father and rested her head on his shoulder. 
“No, Dad. You did nothing wrong. You did those things just to save your daughter. If I were in your place, I would have done the same.” 
Joey joined the hug. Others turned emotional as a result of witnessing them. 
Glen exited the room once he had finished his conversation with Allison. He was making his way to the living room when he suddenly stopped in front of a hall where the bar was situated. 
He could see Ryan and his officials having drinks there. 
When he entered the hall, everyone’s attention was immediately drawn to him. 
“Can I have a talk with you, Alpha?” He asked Ryan politely. 
Others stood up to leave, but Ryan lifted his hand to stop them. 
“You all can stay here. The hall is big enough.” Ryan said to them without looking at them. They acknowledged his statement with a nod and then moved to another side so that Glen could have a private conversation with him. 
Ryan was sitting on a stool while grabbing a glass that was on a counter. 
Glen walked to Ryan and stood next to him. 
“Meet my personal bartender, Vernon.” Ryan spoke out to Glen. 
Glen looked at the man who was actually the Theta of the Black Moon Pack. 
“But he is…” 
“Hmm. You think right. He is my Theta. But he is also my bartender, who knows what drinks I like. Isn’t it, Vernon?” Ryan said to Glen and, lastly, asked Vernon. 
Vernon smiled at Ryan and nodded his head. He turned to Glen and responded, 
“When we were students, I used to work in bars to earn money. He thought I was really good 
at it.” 
Glen was amazed to hear that. He gave him a nod and switched his attention to Ryan. 
“Alpha, I wanted to talk to you.” 
Ryan turned to him and asked, 
“About what?” 
Glen could not remain in eye contact with him. He lowered his head and started to speak, “I would like to apologize to you. I am aware that I am not deserving of your pardon. I was always rude to you. But I only wanted you to stay away from my daughter since I was alerted from the beginning. I had no idea that you were going to end up being her mate. If I had a single knowledge about it, I would have never come between you two.” 
“Is that so? But I believe that you have too much pride to hand over your daughter to me. Didn’t you always feel that I was worthless? Just because you learned about my real identity, 
so yo- 
Glen interrupted him by looking at him and shaking his head. “No, never. If that were in my mind, I would have offered her hand to you when you returned this pack as the head Alpha of the Black Moon pack. Believe me when I say that I never intended to cause harm to anyone and that my sole intention was to try to save the life of my daughter.” 
Ryan took another sip of his drink before setting his glass down on the counter and turning his attention to Vernon. 
Vernon dropped another ice cube on it. 
“Glen Clark, you don’t know how many times I thought to return this pack and kill you mercilessly for parting your daughter from me.” Ryan said and turned his head to Glen. 
Glen gulped but stared at him. Glen was presented with a fresh glass of wine that had been prepared by Vernon. 
“No need.” Glen said. 
“Drink.” Ryan remarked as he motioned with his head toward the stool that was available for him to sit on. 
Glen sat next to Ryan and grabbed the glass. He looked at Ryan. 
Ryan continued to speak, 
“Your daughter caught my eye the moment I returned this pack. When Ethan rejected your daughter, I found that she was my fated mate. But I did not force the mate bond on her. Since I had come here while concealing my scent, she could not feel the bond or recognize her mate. But I did. 
I saved her that night in the forest. I forced her to move on in her life. I gave her new hope to come out of her sorrow. I did everything that could make her fall in love with me. I wanted her to love me with her heart, not be forced by fate or greed. But what did you do? You showed me her weakest side, which I really hate. You made me believe that she did not deserve a wolf like me who did not fear anything. You separated two mates.” 
Glen’s hand came dangerously close to dropping the glass; it made a clicking sound. But because of the counter, it did not fall to the ground. 
Glen’s face turned pale. “I destroyed her life. Punish me. 
“That’s not needed anymore. As I told you, I thought of killing you, but when I heard what 
Georgiana did, I understood that it was not your fault.” 
Glen parted his lips as they quivered. “It’s not Allison’s fault either. Please don’t hurt her; hurt me instead.” 
“Tsk! You and your daughter share a lot of similarities, which is really great to see. When I informed your daughter about my previous plan, your daughter told me the same.” Ryan said 
to him. 
He then turned to Owen, who was talking with Max and Colin. They were not far from them anymore. When they heard the sound of glass being clinked, they moved closer. They heard.
everything. 
“Owen, what award should we give to Mr. Clark and his daughter?” 
Owen thought for a moment and replied, 
“The most kind person in the wor-” 
“Shut up, Owen. Don’t help him in teasing his father–in–law.” Gamma Colin interrupted Owen. “Father–in–law?” Glen asked as he was stunned to hear that. 
“So you still have a problem with your daughter being with me?” Ryan questioned him. 
Glen stood up and shook his head. “No, Alpha. It’s the best news.” 
Ryan chugged down the drink, then said to him, 
“It’s her fate. She was destined to be my Luna from the beginning.” 
###Chapter 192
Chapter 192
When everyone exited the bedroom to give Allison some space to get some rest, Allison 
greeted each person by saying good night. Her mother told her that she would come to check on her when she would wake up after taking a nap. 
Allison stared at the empty room. Though everyone came to check on her, Ryan did not come to see her. 
She gave the window a quick check and noticed that it was already afternoon. The whole night went on in the war, then the thing happened with Georgiana, and after that she went unconscious. So when she woke up, it was already noon. After talking with everyone and passing some time, it was now afternoon. 
She looked at her bandaged wrist. She ignored it and left her room. 
When she reached the living room, she saw no one there, not even the maids. She realized that everyone was taking some rest after having such a terrifying night. 
She slowly stepped on the stairs and headed upstairs. Her steps were unhurried as so many thoughts came to her mind. She walked to the side where Ryan’s room was. 
She gathered up courage and stood in front of his room’s door. 
She wanted to knock on the door. But she knew if she let -permission to enter his room. 
ut her voice, he might not give her 
She believed he was still angry with her. That was why he did come to check on her. 
She twisted the doorknob while praying in her mind that it was unlocked. She felt relieved when she found the door unlocked. She opened it and saw Ryan standing before the window. 
A ray of sunlight was falling on his face. It sparkled on his side profile, highlighting how handsome he is. 
“Ryan” 
She called out his name with a weak tone. Her throat was already sore. So she tried her best not to let out any raspy tone. 
After noticing that he was not responding to her, she shut the door behind her and went over to speak with him. 
“Can we talk?” She asked while moving toward him. His back was facing her. 
“What are you doing here?” He asked without turning back. 
She stopped right behind him. She stared at his tall figure. He was standing there with his hands tucked into the pockets of his pants like a gentleman. 
“I wanted to talk, so I came here directly.” 
He turned to the left and then headed into his closet. “You should have not come here.” 
She frowned while looking at him. “Why?” 
“You know the reason.” 
“Ryan, please. Listen to me.” 
He was about to open the closet door but paused and turned his head toward her. His eyes met hers. 
She inhaled deeply but maintained eye contact with him. 
“Didn’t you say you hated me? Where is your hatred? Vanish in the air?” 
His voice was cold. It made her choke on her own breath. 
She took a deep breath and replied, 
“It was because you made Elora reject Ethan, and he was almost dying. It was because you 
warned me about killing my dad. I was scared that you would really do that.” 
Her eyes started to well up with tears. He did not look away from her. His eyes were focused as he shifted them on her neck and then her bandaged wrist. 
“I am sorry, Ryan. Can you forgive me?” She asked him with hope. 
“There is nothing to forgive.” He replied calmly. 
She made her way over to him and held his hand. “I am begging you; forgive me.” 
“I can forgive your father, but how can I forgive the woman who I put my trust in? Can you give me back my two years? No, there is no way. Can you give me back my trust? No, you can’t. 
Saying that he removed her hand from his hand. He opened the closet and took out a bathrobe and clothes. It was indicating that he was going to take a shower now. 
“Ryan, I was not living happily either. My two years also went lost. I also felt betrayed by my parents, but as you saw, it was all that witch’s conspiracy. She was just trying to manipulate my dad
and others.” 
Ryan gave her the side eye and shook his head in response. “Allison, you can’t understand me. You will never understand. You still don’t get the reason. You should have come with me that night. You are the one who broke my heart. Others were just pawns of fate. None of this would have happened today if you had chosen me over them.” 
Allison stepped back when she heard him. “So you still hate me? Will you continue to hate me in the same way?” She asked, and tears fell on her cheeks. 
He did not appear to be upset, angry, or agitated in any way. He replied, 
“You are my mate. How can I hate you? It is beyond my ability. But you can never win my heart again. You broke it, and it’s just over. We are mates, and we will always be. However, the relationship between us will never be the same again.” 
It broke Allison’s heart. She felt as though someone had pierced her heart. She turned around and rushed to the door. She opened it and found Alpha Neil standing there. 
“U–Uncle?” 
Neil looked at her and then glanced at Ryan. He grabbed Allison’s hand and walked to his son. Allison immediately wiped her tears with her other hand and stood there silently. 
Neil reached out and took his son’s hand, then placed Allison’s hand on top of it. “Ryan, you forgave me and your family. In fact, you forgave Glen. Just now, he was talking to me. But I don’t see why you are being so harsh with this little child. Isn’t it obvious that she has done nothing wrong?” 
Ryan removed his hand from Allison’s hand and looked at his father. 
“Dad” 
Neil’s eyes widened. Without any irony or mockery in his voice, his son addressed him as “Dad “for the very first time. 
“It’s our private matter. I hope you all will stay away from it.” 
“But, my son-” 
“There should be no but in any answer. I need you to tell everyone that they should finish packing their bags within the next few hours.” 
Neil was stunned. Allison was also surprised to hear him. 
“Why?” Neil asked Ryan. 
Ryan stared at him calmly and replied, 
“Don’t you want to see what empire your son developed with packs? 
We are all leaving tonight for the Black Moon Pack.” 
(GET IT NOW 
###Chapter 193
Chapter 193
When Neil heard his son, he was overjoyed beyond measure. His joy knew no bounds. “Are you taking us to your pack for a visit?” He asked Ryan with a grin on his face. 
“You don’t have to visit that pack. That’s also your pack. You all are going to live there since I won this pack.” 
Neil hugged his son. “I don’t have any regrets that you won this pack. You deserve it. You even saved your brother. You saved your father, too. I can’t express to you how much I am feeling proud of you.” 
Allison was staring at them. For a moment, she forgot about her pain and felt the father–son 
moment. 
She wiped her tears, witnessing the hug. It reminded her of about two years ago. She wanted Ryan to be with his family like this. She always wanted him to feel his family’s emotions. 
Now, she could understand why he did not want to forgive her. 
She deserved his anger. 
She had promised him that she would always be with him, but he felt betrayed by her, just like he felt by his family. That time, he was all alone. He had no one to make him feel what love was. She was the only one with him. However, she broke his heart. He had been waiting for her for two years, but she could not end up going back to him. 
Now, when everything was getting fine, how could she go to him and expect him to forgive her? 
He closed his heart for her. He would not love her back. 
Allison found Ryan glancing at her while hugging his father. 
She turned around and walked toward the door. However, her steps halted when she heard Alpha Neil. 
“Glen told me that you had a conversation with him. He said you talked to him about making Allison your Luna. I am very happy about your decision, Ryan.” 
Allison turned her head to look at Ryan. When her eyes met his, he looked away from her and replied to his father, 
“It’s her destiny. Since she is my mate, she will have to be my Luna. The Black Moon Pack is waiting for their Luna anyway.“” 
Allison’s eyes widened. She could not believe her ears. She thought he would reject her when he told her that their relationship would not be like before. But he actually considered her his Luna, which surprised her. 
She bit her lower lip and left the room in happiness. She did not know if she should cry or laugh. 
“He will not reject me!” She mumbled and headed back to the room where she was staying. 
Her checks flushed when she remembered Ryan’s words. 
“Am I destined to be with him? Yeah, he is right. We are destined to be with each other.” 
She came to her room and closed the door. She rushed to the bed and hissed when she felt pain 
in her wrist. 
She pushed the pain aside and thought about her future. 
“Oh my god! I will be his Lus 
She still could not believe it. She had never imagined that they could be with each other again. Was she dreaming? 
She sat on her bed for a while. Although everyone told her to take a nap, after hearing all of this, how could she sleep? 
“No, I need to try to sleep. We will all depart for the Black Moon Pack. If I don’t take a rest, what will the pack members think about their Luna’s gloomy face?” She started to feel self- 
conscious. 
“I can’t let Ryan feel down in front of them.” She said and fell on the bed. 
Her eyes were fixed on the ceiling. She thought about how broken Ryan could be. 
“I promise you, I will try my best to win your heart, My Alpha. I will never break your heart again. Just give me this last chance.” 
She felt that she had her whole life to grab the chance. She would win his heart one day. 
When it was night, everyone was ready with their bags. Neil and Ella were very excited about going to their son’s pack. 
“Calm down, Neil.” Ella said and chuckled. 
“How can I? I can’t stop feeling excited. This is what I thought about him. Whenever I scolded him, l’always thought that one day he would do something to make me proud. But I was a fool. My son was a true blood Alpha. How could we not know that, Ella? Do you know how I felt when he called
me Dad? He told me his pack was ours now. He wants to be with us together.” Ella nodded at him and hugged him. “I am thrilled, Neil. I hope all the evil eyes will stay away 
from us.‘ 
“I am feeling like everything is going to be fine now.” Neil replied and hugged her back. 
When everyone came to the living room, all the maids came behind them, assisting them to hold their luggage. 
Meanwhile, Allison was getting ready in the room. Her mother and Teresa were with her. 
“Let’s go. We are getting late.” Her mother, Joey, said to her. 
“Yes, Mom.” Allison said and turned to her. There was a bright smile on her face. 
Joey felt like crying when she saw the smile on her daughter’s face after a long time. 
Teresa hugged Joey. “Aunt, don’t cry. We have a long way to go now.” 
Joey nodded and signaled them to leave first. 
Allison was wearing a long black gown. It was so simple, without any design, yet it looked gorgeous on her. 
She wore black intentionally. Teresa helped her to get this dress. Teresa was so ecstatic at hearing the news that Allison was going to be their Luna that she even instructed a set of the female members of their pack to prepare a warm welcome for Allison in their pack house. 
Allison reached the living room and noticed that everyone was leaving the pack house. 
Her eyes caught Ethan, and he waved at her. She smiled and waved at him back. There was no misunderstanding now. In fact, she should say thanks to him for helping her when he heard her life was in danger. 
When Allison exited the pack house, she noticed a bunch of cars standing outside. Everyone was getting in the car. She saw Ethan get in his car. In the back seat, Eora was sitting there. She wanted to go and say hi to her. But Teresa grabbed her hand and gestured to another car. 
“Talk to others later. Now focus on your man. He is leaving alone.” 
Allison saw Max open that car’s back door and was about to get in. Teresa shouted and called him, 
“MAX” 
Max turned to them. Teresa dragged Allison with her and walked to that car. 
“Babe, I am not feeling well. Come with me.” Teresa said to her mate. 
“But you should go with Elora. She needs you right now.” 
Teresa glared at him and then signaled him with her head to Allison. Max understood what she was trying to do. 
“Ah, yeah. You are right. We can both go with Elora. That car has two more seats.” 
“Right.” Teresa said and chuckled. 
Max bent to the window. That time, Allison realized that it was Ryan’s car. He was sitting in the back seat. 
Max looked at Ryan and said, 
“Bro, Tess is not feeling well. I am going with her. 
Ryan gave him an annoyed look and glanced at his driver. 
The driver was about to start the car, but before that, Teresa pulled Allison’s hand and pushed her inside the car beside Ryan. 
Allison fell on Ryan’s chest with a pair of wide eyes. She heard the loud sound of the door closing. 
Allison shut her eyes and scolded Teresa in her mind. She slowly raised her head to look at Ryan. 
She could see his cold eyes. She immediately moved away from him and sat properly. She turned her head to him and grinned sheepishly. 
“S–Sorry.” 
Ryan looked away from her and ordered the driver, 
“Start the car.” 
###Chapter 194
Chapter 194
His driver started the car. When the car started moving, she felt her life would also move from there. 
She turned her head to look at the pack house. She had a great connection with this pack 
house. She would miss it a lot. 
She felt upset that she could not go to see her house for the last time. 
believed they would come back here soon. 
She did a quick head turn and cast a glance in Ryan’s direction. He was sitting like a 
mannequin. There was no movement, no speech, and absolutely nothing else. His eyes were dull and distant. 
“What’s wrong with him?” She mumbled. 
His head turned to her side, and she immediately averted her gaze from him. She acted like she was looking outside through the window by his side. 
He leaned his back on the seat and rested his head. He closed his eyes. She looked at his face. ‘Such a handsome man!‘ She thought and felt eager to hug this man. 
Her wolf jumped inside her at the thought that she could spend time with her mate. 
Now she understood why her wolf had always desired to be with him and why she had fallen in love with him. It was due to the fact that he was her mate. That was the reason she felt that way when she was around him. 
She was powerless to stop herself from uttering his name. 
“Ryan” 
She did not receive a response from him. She heaved a sigh as she continued to stare at him. “How long will you be angry with me?” 
As soon as he heard her question, he opened both of his eyes. She drew a breath and then turned her gaze away from him. 
“Why are you giving it any thought at all? Just move on and live your life as fate has decided for you. You were going to be the Moonlight Crown Pack’s Luna. Now, it has changed into the Black Moon pack. Just focus on your responsibilities and ignore everything else.” 
She turned her gaze toward him. His eyes met hers. She was entranced by the look in his eyes. 
She started pondering the various ways in which she could gain his love back. 
“You said I could never win your heart. What if I can?” 
His brows furrowed. “I will never open my heart for you.” 
“What if I open it for myself and then enter? You can’t separate me from yourself, Ryan. I am going to be your Luna/” 
He kept his calm without responding. He closed his eyes again and then replied, 
“I can’t separate you, but there are so many ways to keep myself away from you.” 
It broke Allison’s heart. Why was he talking like that? 
She felt sore. She also leaned back against her seat and closed her eyes. 
After a while, the car started to shake because of the bumpy road. 
Her body shifted forward, but the seat belt saved her. She pressed her palm on the back of the front seat to keep her balance. On the other hand, the pressure caused her wrist to hurt. She writhed in agony and hissed. 
She examined the wrist that was bandaged while holding it in the other hand. 
She heard Ryan yelling at the driver. 
“Watch out while driving. 
“Y–Yes, Alpha. It’s just that this road is damaged. I didn’t take a shortcut since we all have to go together.” 
Ryan did not say anything to the driver. His focus shifted to the bandage that was on Allison’s 
wrist. 
Allison turned her head to the side and focused her attention on the shifting scenery beyond the window. 
Suddenly, she heard Ryan, 
“My pack is not like your old pack. My pack members are different and dangerous. They are hungry beasts who only know how to fight. After getting there, you will need to acquire a great deal of knowledge. Colin will help you learn to fight. Just cooperate with him and others.” She shifted her focus to gaze at him. “I have already learned many things. I’m a trained Luna.” “Should I repeat what I’ve said? That pack is different from your old pack. Being another Alpha’s Luna and being Alpha Ryan’s Luna both are far different. To be able to compete or stand next to him, you will have to be perfect in everything.” 
She smiled at him and gave him a nod. 
“I will do everything for you.‘ 
He turned his head away from her and replied, 
“Stop thinking about other things. The Black Moon Pack is not a joke. The most difficult part for you will be getting used to living there.” 
“I can bear any difficulties for you.” She uttered those words while maintaining her gaze on 
him. 
She felt like the table had just turned. After two years, she finally got even with him by teasing him in the same way that he used to tease her in the past. 
While remembering the good old days, she couldn’t help but chuckle. 
“Stop laughing like a crazy woman. 
“I am crazy for you.” She mumbled and almost slapped her own mouth to mumble nonsense. 
+15 BONU 
He looked at her with his sharp eyes. She shut her eyes and pretended to be sleeping. 
‘His eyes almost killed me.‘ She thought. 
To her surprise, she fell asleep in the car. She had trouble falling asleep in the guest room since Ryan kept messing with her mind, which made it difficult for her to get to sleep. But at this moment, he was there with her, occupying the seat next to her. Her heart was experiencing a sense of relaxation so that she could sleep peacefully. 
She did not know when her head leaned to the side. 
The man beside her held her head and rested it on his shoulder. His eyes were focused on her hand. He held her hand and opened the bandage to look at her wounded wrist, which had been 
burned by spells. 
His fingertips gently rubbed over the swollen red marks. His gaze moved to the woman, who was leaning her head against his shoulder. 
“You need to work hard, Woman. 
###Chapter 195
Chapter 195
Allison opened her eyes when she felt the sunlight hit her face. She blinked a few times to clear her view. She felt that her head was leaning on something. When she moved her head, she realized that she was sleeping on Ryan’s shoulder. 
His eyes were closed, indicating that he was asleep. 
She took a close and cautious look at him. He had a particularly stunning set of eyelashes. Her gaze traveled to the sharp lines of his jawline. She had an urge to run her fingers along his jawline. 
She did not know what was on her mind; she lifted her hand slowly. But before she could touch his face, he opened his eyes. 
She gasped in shock. She could not even move. Her entire body went numb. 
He dipped his chin and cocked his head to the side in order to gaze at her. 
When his nose brushed hers, she felt her heart give a little jump in response. It was almost as if he were going to kiss her. Therefore, she shut her eyes quite tightly. 
“Stop clinging to me.” 
Hearing him, her eyes flung open. He withdrew his gaze from hers and moved his head away. Almost instantly, she sat up straight and shifted away from him. 
“I–I am sorry. I didn’t know when I fell asleep and my head fell on your shoulder.” 
He did not respond to her, giving the impression that he disregarded her apologies. She was angry 
with herself since she had been unconsciously leaning on his shoulder. 
‘He must be very angry at me. He does not even like my touch now.‘ She thought and turned to the window. 
She was surprised when she saw they were passing many houses. After a while, a few tall buildings came into her vision. 
The Black Moon pack was indeed very developed. They had every possible way to expand their pack since their Alpha was Ryan, and they had powerful official wolves beside their Alpha. 
She smiled when she saw couples walking hand in hand. They appeared to be in their collegiate years. Her eyes grew really wide as she came to a realization. She switched her attention to Ryan, whose eyes were closed. 
wanted to ask him when she would be going back to her former pack to carry on with her 
She studies. 
However, looking at his face, she could not ask about going back. For some reason, she was afraid. She was terrified that he would back out of the agreement to make her his Luna at any moment. But she wanted to stay as close to him as possible. 
The car stopped so suddenly. She turned her head and noticed that everyone’s car had come to a complete halt. She thought they had arrived at the pack house. 
However, when she spotted Max walking toward their car, she became perplexed by the 
10 
situation. 
Max knocked on the window. Ryan lowered the pane of glass in the window and questioned, What the hell happened?” 
“Ryan, we can’t enter our car from the front side of our pack house.” 
Ryan frowned. “Why?” 
“Everyone got to know about you winning two new packs. They are celebrating it. They are waiting for us.” 
Ryan rolled his eyes and closed his eyes again. “You could have told that to me in a mind link. It wasn’t necessary for you to stop each and every car.” 
Max gave a smirk while looking first at Allison, then at Ryan, and then at both of them together. “I just wanted to make sure that the temperature in your car wasn’t too high or too low. I thought it would be hot. But why am I feeling the chilly air here?” 
It was completely above Allison’s head what Max was talking about. She did not know why Max was even asking that. Since the car’s air conditioner was running, it was only natural that the air inside the car would be cool. 
“Please go in your own car and warm it up. Stop disturbing me.” Ryan replied calmly. 
“I gave my car to others. I am going with Tess in Ethan’s car. Elora is with us. 
“Too bad that you can’t heat it up in front of him. You have very little guilt; therefore, you should avoid doing anything in front of other people.” 
When Allison finally realized what they were talking about, her expression changed drastically. Her cheeks turned a bright red. 
“You two! Stop talking about such things. Max, how can you stop all the cars and waste your time talking about these things?” Allison said. 
Max did not say anything to Allison. He looked at Ryan and waited for his instructions. 
“Let’s enter from the back door.” Ryan stated. After confirming his agreement with it, Max returned to Ethan’s car. His mind was linked to others. 
All the cars took a U–turn and headed to a different road. They were going to enter the pack house from the backside. 
Allison was quietly observing the scene outside. The faster the car drove, the more nervous. she became. Her anxiety increased as the car continued to accelerate. 
She noticed a large number of people congregating on both sides of their cars. They 
understood that their Alpha had returned with victory once again. 
She was shocked when she noticed those people were bowing their heads and did not even dare to come close to the car.. 
They were extremely disciplined people! 
All the cars entered an area that Allison guessed was the pack house’s area. 
When she took in the breathtaking scenery, it brought a sense of contentment to her eyes, Both sides were full of trees, and in the middle was the road for transportation. 
+15 BOHUS 
After driving in a straight line for close to ten minutes, the cars curved to the left to go around a large fountain. 
Allison tilted her head to glimpse at the fountain through the window. 
Two enormous wolf statues stood with their heads touching the crescent moon. 
They were encircled by water all around them. 
The stunning appearance of the fountain left Allison speechless. The color of the wolves and 
the color of the moon were the things that initially drew her attention. 
The two wolves differed in color, with one being white and the other black. 
The moon was full black, but it had a glitter shade around it, which would shine under the moonlight at night. 
Before Allison could think more, a guard opened the doors for them to come out. 
Allison stepped out of the car and looked at the fountain directly. 
All the officials walked to Ryan as he got out of the car. 
Everyone emerged from their cars beaming broadly with a smile. The breathtakingly magnificent fountain was the first item that caught their attention in the area. They looked at it with expressions of surprise on their faces. 
Gamma Colin noticed Allison staring at the mountain. He spoke out, 
“This fountain was created after Ryan won the war against Alpha Axel. The next night, Ryan hurriedly made his way back to the Moonlight Crown pack. But before returning, he instructed us to construct this fountain. He even named it.” 
“What?” Allison asked instantly. 
He replied, 
“A symbol of Agape.” 
###Chapter 196
Chapter 196
“Agape? What does it mean?” Allison asked curiously. 
“Something that you can’t comprehend.” Instead of Colin, Ryan replied. 
Max cast a glance in Ryan’s direction before turning to Allison and stating, 
“Agape is the highest and purest form of love. All other forms of love pale in comparison to the depth and breadth of this one. A form of love that is more closely associated with a person’s spirituality is referred to as “Godly love“. Furthermore, it is believed that just as filial love is hardwired into our bodies, so too is agape love hardwired into our spirits.” 
When Allison first heard the meaning of agape, she was completely taken aback. But at that precise moment, something hit her mind, and it caused her eyes to widen. 
Her heartbeat turned slower. She turned her head toward Ryan. He was staring at the fountain at that moment. 
Allison clenched her fists as she attempted to exert control over the rate of her heartbeat. 
She remembered the night when Ryan came to meet her. He drove up to her house in his car and took her on a long drive. That night, she saw something on his forehead. He was injured. He 
Cold her that he came all the way around just to see her. She still remembered him 
without 
her that he did not go home but instead came to meet her directly from the border. That was the first time they could spend time with each other without any worry, thinking about the world. 
That night, he told her that he would take her to see another pack with him. He might want her to see this fountain. 
“That means that he constantly kept me in his thoughts! He went so far as to create something that could articulate the depth of his love. But what did I do? Broke his heart? How many days did he use to look at the fountain and think about me to break the wedding and search for him? But I failed. I can’t believe what I have done. How can I repay love to this man? My love is nothing in front of him.‘ She thought and lowered her head. 
She felt a hand seize hers and squeeze it. When she looked to her side, she saw Teresa standing there. 
“The whole pack is waiting for you. Stop thinking about other things. 
Allison nodded her head. But her heart was broken when she heard Ryan, 
“I made this thinking about something unreal. I was running for something rare like my rank 
After a chuckle, Ryan went in the direction of the pack house. 
No one had the courage to utter even a single word. Everyone was aware of the person he was talking about as well as for whose love he had created that thing. 
They turned their attention and met a beautiful castle–like palace. They were confronted with the closed back door as they stood there. 
When the guards noticed Ryan walking toward the entrance, they immediately got down on their knees in front of him. 
“Alpha” 
“Open the door.” 
They got to their feet and immediately opened the massive iron gate. Ryan entered, and 
everyone followed in his footsteps. 
“Such a beautiful place! It looks like a king’s palace.” Ella remarked as she scanned the white- painted walls while looking around. 
“Our son is not less than a king.” Neil said proudly while walking forward. 
They were being followed by guards and pack fighters who were behind them. 
They faced another door, and it was opened before Ryan permitted it to open. 
Allison was shocked when she saw a large group of women standing by the entrance, 
Aurelia was the one who entered the house first, before Ryan. She looked around and nodded her head before turning to Ryan. 
Everyone bowed to him and greeted him. 
“All hail to our undefeated Alpha.” An old woman spoke out with a smile. 
“She is our chief maid, Aunt Lara.” After telling Allison, Teresa went to talk to Lara. 
“Has everyone come?” She inquired to Lara. 
“Yes, Madam Teresa. 
Teresa cast a cursory look in the direction of the women who were waving at her. She showed them a polite nod before turning her attention to Ryan. 
Ryan entered the pack house. Everyone made way for him.. 
“Please, everyone, follow us.” Beta Max declared this to Allison and the other people present. 
Allison took a quick look around the magnificent structure known as the pack house. It did not at all have the appearance of a pack house. She was under the impression that she had traveled back in time and that the building she was in was a castle. Chandeliers were dangling from the ceiling. On the exterior, the walls were painted white, but on the interior, they were painted black 
She realized that they were passing the gallery. 
She watched as Ryan walked into a large hall. They were unable to even obtain the opportunity to look around. He made his way to the upper level by climbing the stairs. After everyone saw him walk through a door, they did as Beta Max suggested and followed him behind. 
The moment Allison went inside, she gasped with shock. Her eyes were as wide as they possibly could be. 
It turned out to be a massive balcony located on the second floor. 
They were able to see the outside from there. It was the front side of the pack house that faced the road. 
She could not even count how many people were present downstairs while looking up at their 
sides. 
When they caught a glimpse of Ryan, they broke into cheers. 
When Ryan raised his hand, everyone in the crowd immediately fell silent. It only took one gesture from him to completely command their attention. 
All of them fell to their knees while looking at him. There was fear but, at the same time, respect in their eyes as they greeted him together. 
“ALL HAIL TO OUR ALMIGHTY ALPHA.” 
###Chapter 198
Chapter 198
Allison got shivers as she stared at the many people who were prostrating themselves before 
her. 
“You all can leave now. We are going to have a feast very soon.‘ Beta Max said it loudly. 
Everyone got to their feet and smiled broadly as they heard about the feast. In addition to being a feast, it was also an occasion for them at which they may receive offerings from their Alpha. 
Allison cast a wary glance around the gathering of people. So many young people were there. She could see children, too. In fact, old people were also there. What drew her attention were the men and women with different colors of eyes. They were wizards and witches. She was surprised that they were also bowing all the time. It reminded her of Teresa’s words. Even other creatures bowed to him. 
When she saw everyone standing up and starting to leave, she turned around to her family. 
Her parents‘ eyes were wet with tears. Her father looked at Ryan and joined his hands together in front of him. 
“I have done so wrong with you, yet you give my daughter the respect that we have never imagined.” 
Ryan responded to him while holding his hands and saying, “Your daughter is mine.” You don’t need to concern yourself with thinking about her any longer.” 
Glen hugged Ryan and felt regret. He was ashamed that he refused to accept this man for his daughter so many times in the past. 
Ryan patted his back. His eyes shifted to Allison, who was staring at him with calm composure. 
Joey also hugged Ryan and apologized. Ryan’s parents and Ethan looked happy with the decision. 
“It’s too early. How are we going to have everything organized in just one week?” Ella asked with a worried tone. 
“Don’t worry, Aunt. Your son demolished a whole pack in just a night. Wedding arrangements are nothing in front of him.” Theta Owen said this and chuckled. 
Ryan was the first one to leave the terrace. Allison’s eyes followed him. The was fixed on him. Teresa took her hand and leaned in close, whispering, 
“Let’s have a tour around the pack house. Everyone is going for it.” 
gaze of Allison 
Allison smiled and nodded her head. Teresa kept her company while showing her the entire pack house. Behind them were others looking around the house. 
“It says that this pack house was built in the Black Moon Pack in ancient times.” 
Allison heard Teresa and looked around. She was able to observe the magnificent architecture 
of the pack house. It was stunning in every way. The color scheme created the impression that the house had a dark ambiance. 
“Nice.” Allison mumbled. 
While walking with a group of people, Allison cast a peek across at Elora, who appeared upset. 
“Don’t worry. She is upset because of her mother.” Teresa said. 
“I know. We can’t feel her pain. She is having a really bad time.” 
“Yeah.” 
As soon as they entered the living hall, a group of women approached Teresa and said, “Introduce us to our Luna.” 
Teresa looked to Allison and said, “They are the wives of our pack fighters. I told them to come here. Because I planned a small welcoming party for you. 
Everyone was surprised to hear that. Allison raised her eyebrows and asked, 
“For me?” 
Teresa nodded her head. She walked to Ella and held her hands. 
“Aunt, I used to be the only lady in this house. Therefore, each and every decision on the arrangement would have been made by me in the past. However, Alpha’s mother is now 
present here. Therefore, you are the one who needs to embrace responsibility. Are you okay with the party?” 
“Of course, my dear. Allison is going to be the Luna of this pack. Of course, she needs a party to meet new people. At this party, we can also meet others here.” 
“Yeah, I have invited every sub–Alpha’s family. They will join us tonight.” 
Allison met those women and talked with them for a while. Then Teresa took her to the staircase. There were two staircases joined together on the upper level. The marbles on the staircase give off an elegant appearance. 
They walked to the upper floor, where Teresa showed her a room where she was going to stay. Allison couldn’t help but be astonished when she opened the door and saw what was on the other side. It was a big room. She was able to see the bed, which was queen–sized. The color white was used for the walls and the furniture in the room. 
Allison was enveloped in a bear hug by Teresa. “I can’t believe my dream is going to come true. We are going to live together. I am so happy for you.” 
Allison broke the hug and lowered her head. “But he doesn’t want me. 
“You’re crazy. He has his sights set on you. You are in his heart. He loves you. But he is stubborn enough to give in so easily.” 
Allison frowned at her. “Then what should I do now?” 
Teresa gave her a sly grin and then said, “You should try to win his heart back. Since it was he who was pursuing you with the goal of winning your love, you will have to be the one this time.” 
Allison recalled how he used to meet her, look at her, and talk to her. In fact, he was the one who gave her a new makeover. He helped her move on in her life after the rejection. 
“You are right. But how?” She said and started to think about what Teresa had just advised. 
“Maybe with your words, or maybe with your actions.” 
“Tess, I need your help. He is mad at me. He didn’t even like that when I rested my head on his shoulder in the car.” 
“What was going on in the car, huh?” Teresa wiggled her brows at her. 
“Not now, Tess. I am serious about it. Help your best friend.” 
“I think you should talk to him as much as you can. You have to show him that you are not weak and fixed on fate. You didn’t want him just because he is your mate, but actually, you love him.” 
“I need to talk to him.” Allison said and was about to leave the room, but Teresa held her hand and stopped her. 
“Not now.” 
“Why?” 
“Now, he must be keeping himself occupied by compiling statistics regarding the deals that our pack has made in the past few weeks.” 
“Then when will I talk to him?” 
Teresa brought her to the bed and made her sit down. She sat next to her and replied, 
“Tonight’s party is very important. You can talk to him tonight. He is now your mate and your 
ha husband Van an ham 
###Chapter 199
Chapter 199
Allison was trying to know everything that she should know about the pack from Teresa. She took some rest in her new bedroom. 
When it was afternoon, maids came to wake her up. They served her late lunch and informed her that everyone had their lunch in their own rooms. 
Allison thanked them for serving her meal, which surprised the maids. They were happy that they were getting a very soft–hearted Luna. Because Elora was cold toward them all these times. 
Allison thought she should not behave coldly toward anyone. She could get back to her old self 
now. 
A maid came to her room with a dress in the evening. 
The stunning black dress with the stones completely astounded Allison. It had a shiny appearance when viewed under the lights. After a while, Teresa came to her room and asked, “Did you get the dress?” 
“Yeah, you sent me that dress?” 
“Yes, I called our royal designer to organize the best dress for you. She chose this dress for tonight.” 
“Thanks, Tess. You are really my sister from another mother.” 
“Anything for my honey. I was feeling so regretful when you told me the truth in your room that day. I was upset that I could not be there with you to help you. But this time, I am here with you. You
should wrap the man around your fingers.” 
Allison chuckled at Teresa’s words. Her best friend was funny. 
Teresa helped Allison put on makeup. She gave her a perfect look for tonight. In between doing makeup, Teresa kept telling her about sub–Alphas and their families. She enlightened her about the rules and regulations of the Black Moon Pack 
When Allison put on the dress and styled her hair, she looked gorgeous. 
“I am at a loss for words to fully convey how stunningly gorgeous you are looking at this very moment. The instant he lays eyes on you, that iceberg will begin to melt.” Teresa made a statement while laughing. 
Allison thanked Teresa. She told her to go and get ready. After giving her the advice to pair the outfit with black heels, Teresa exited the room. 
Allison took a glance at her reflection in the mirror. She was staring at herself. 
“Can my look/move your heart? Or are your pack members right that you are a cold–hearted man? I know that’s not true, but just a wrong assumption.” 
She glanced at her wrist. A few hours ago, when she took a shower before getting ready, she opened her bandage and realized that her wrist had healed. She understood how the wound could heal so quickly. Ryan helped her without letting her know about it, just like in past times. 
She smiled while stroking her wrist. 
When it was time for her to go, she heard a knock on the door. 
A few of the housemaids approached her and informed her that the party had begun in the living hall. 
Allison came out of her room and took a few moments to take in her surroundings. She was able to see the doors to a number of other rooms. She made a move to head in the direction of the stairway. At that time, Teresa emerged from the room. 
“Going downstairs?” Teresa asked with a grin. Allison gave her a nod. 
“Let’s go.” 
Teresa and Allison went downstairs. As soon as the people in the living hall noticed them getting down the stairs, everyone fell silent and gave Allison their undivided attention. They were already familiar with Teresa because she was Beta’s wife at the time. But they understood that next to her was Allison, their Alpha’s mate, and their soon–to–be Luna. 
Allison looked at the decoration of the hall. It looked breathtaking. 
She glanced at the two women who were smiling at her. She walked to them. 
“Aunt Ella, Mom.” She said. 
“My daughter–in–law is such a stunning lady!” Ella said and stroked her hair. Meanwhile, Joey stared at her daughter with affection in her eyes. 
Allison glanced around and saw many new faces. Due to the fact that she was a trained Luna, she did not experience any nervousness about meeting them. She was no stranger to social gatherings, having done so previously. 
However, she was nervous to meet a man. Her eyes caught a glimpse of that man. She saw him standing with their fathers. Ethan was also with them. 
“Go to your man. Just do it. Keep your head up and have faith in who you are.” Teresa spoke to her in a hushed tone. 
Allison began to move in Ryan’s direction as she walked. Her steps eyes met hers. 
almost halted when his 
But she did not stop and walked to him. She could see his eyes fall on her dress and then shift back to her face. She could not read his eyes as he was standing there expressionless. 
“Come here, my beautiful daughter.” Neil said and patted her head. Glen smiled at her. On the other hand, Ethan was silently standing there. In spite of the fact that he wanted to 
compliment her on her appearance, he refrained from doing so for Ryan. He did not want to have any conflict with his brother again. 
Allison stood beside Ryan and looked at him. The other three men left them alone to have a conversation.. 
But she could not talk to him because other Alphas came to meet them. 
“We have our Luna here.” One of them said. 
Ryan introduced Allison to them and their families. 
Allison could see their nervous faces while standing before Ryan. Allison did not want to make 
ion. She addressed them in a manner that was them feel any more nervous about the 
respectful, and this caused them to feel extremely drawn to her. 
Allison observed that Ryan was getting ready to go away from her as soon as they were back to being alone together. 
She immediately reached out and locked her arm with his, then asked, 
“Where are you running away from me, Alpha Ryan?” 
Ryan turned his head toward her and frowned at her without replying. 
Allison chuckled and asked, 
“Why are you not saying anything? Let’s try to think of something to chat about, shall we? What about my look?” 
“Venom.” 
Her jaw dropped as she scowled at him. “Excuse me? What did you just say?” 
“You are poisonous to me. I should keep my distance from you.” He replied calmly. 
She tried to control herself, though she was convinced that this man would not melt down so quickly. 
“If you don’t want me, why did you announce our marriage?” She asked him without breaking eye contact, nor did she unlock their arms. 
“Because you are my mate.” 
She leaned toward him and asked, “What about your heart?” 
“I don’t have a heart.! 
“But I do.” 
“Bad for you.” He muttered. 
“Did you say something?” 
“No. Leave my hand. I have to go somewhere.” 
“Where?” 
“Somewhere where no one can disturb me.” 
years ago. Let me see how many days you can keep your distance from me.” 
###Chapter 200
Chapter 200
Allison saw Ryan strolling to his friends. She walked to the bar and sat on a stool. Her eyes were fixed on Ryan. 
“You are looking gorgeous.” 
She heard a voice and turned her head toward the man who came to stand next to her. 
“Ethan” 
“I wanted to give you a compliment as a friend. But I did not want Ryan to get mad at anything. So I was quiet. Well, we can be friends, right?” 
She smiled at him and nodded her head. 
“You have done so many things for me. You almost ruined your life just to save me. How can I thank you enough?” 
“No, Allison. I have done wrong with you-” 
“It’s okay. The past is the past. Whatever had happened in our lives, all of it was pre–planned by our fate. So don’t feel guilty anymore. It’s time to live your life fully, Ethan. You have worked as an Alpha and tried to win your parents‘ hearts. Now, it’s time for you to win someone else’s heart.” 
Hearing Allison, Ethan followed her gaze and noticed a woman entering the hall in a red dress. She was looking beautiful. Her emerald eyes perfectly matched her fair skin and the red dress she was wearing. 
“You are right.” Ethan muttered while his eyes focused on Elora. 
“She has lost her mother recently. It would be best if you consoled her by always staying beside her. You don’t have any idea how upset she was when you were in a coma. 
Ethan turned to Allison and replied, “I know about it. As I said, I heard everything, including you and her.” 
Allison was surprised. But she was happy that at least Ethan had found someone. Otherwise, she would feel heartbroken if he had to stay alone. 
Ethan glanced at Ryan and asked her, 
“Is everything okay between my brother and you?” 
Allison shook her head. “You know everything. He is still angry with me.” 
“He is a stubborn man, and you are aware of that, Allison. As you have seen, he forgave his father after a long time. He did not let me go easily, but he made me feel the pain you had felt. However, he did not let me die. He saved me, which showed how much he cared for me. So what I am trying to say is that he is difficult to handle, but he cares for the person he loves.” 
“He said he didn’t have any feelings for me anymore.” Allison pouted and turned to the counter to order a softdrink. 
Ethan chuckled at her pouty look. She turned her head and asked, 
“Why are you laughing?” 
“I have never seen this Allison before. People say the right thing. People change when they are with their beloved person.” 
“Yeah, just like I saw a different Ethan a few days ago when he met the hybrid Elora.” Allison mocked and winked at him. 
Ethan sighed and gave her a nod. “You are right. I felt the change in myself, too. It looked like she was my fated mate. 
“Was?” 
“She rejected me. Have you forgotten that?” 
“But you 
also know that she regretted it later. So you still have a chance. Didn’t you hear Ryan today? He told others that Elora found her mate.” 
“I hope I can win her heart.” He said while glancing at Elora. 
“Same.” 
“What? You are up to winning Ryan’s?” 
“Yeah. We are in the same race, dude.” 
“Don’t you think, Allison, that fate really played with us? I mean, can you just think of it? The four of our lives are twisted with each other. You were with me, but then you fell for Ryan. The same went for the three of us. We were committed, yet we couldn’t stay committed. Because our wolves were waiting for our fated mates.” 
Allison recalled everything and smiled. “You are right.” 
“Since we are in the same situation, let me give you some advice.” 
“What advice?” She asked and looked at him cautiously. 
“Jealousy is just a disease until it starts to feel for your lover.” 
She frowned and said, “So mean…” 
“Yeah.” 
Π 
Ryan caught Allison’s attention as she noticed the girls who were currently surrounding him. All of them were sub–alphas‘ daughters. 
“I see.” She muttered. 
“So if you want any help-” 
“No. I mean. I can take your advice wisely. But I don’t want any kind of misunderstanding between you two brothers anymore.” 
“Alright. But be careful. My brother is a cold–blooded man. Who knows when he wants to kill someone in anger.” 
She chuckled and replied, “Got it.” 
Ethan left the bar and walked to Elora. She was talking with a few women. Her aura had changed into a calm personality. She used to look strong before, but now she looked fragile. 
“Are you feeling bad? Because we all know how much you love Alpha Ryan. We are feeling terrible for you. He found his mate, and you had to let him go.” 
Ethan heard those women. He noticed Elora was quiet. She was lost and still could not get over her mother’s death. So, what people around her were talking about did not bother her at all. “You are so wrong because she is not feeling bad at all. Why would she? She has her own mate new.” Ethan let out a cold voice to shut those women’s mouths. 
Elora looked at him with a stunned face. He smiled at her and came to stand next to her. 
“Alpha Ethan? Are you her mate?” Another woman asked. 
“Yeah. Do you all have any problem with it!” 
“No, no. How can we have a problem with it? She is lucky to have an alpha as her mate. We didn’t know she was a mate of our Alpha’s brother, who was also an Alpha.” 
“Good to know that you all are appreciating it.” 
Those women grinned at him and left from their sides. They understood that Ethan was taunting them. So they did not spend much time there. 
“Thank you.” Elora said to Ethan. 
He looked at her face carefully. “Are you upset?” 
“Yes, I am. I can’t hide my pain.” She replied. 
He held her hand and promised her, 
“You won’t be upset for long. I promise you that I will bring back colors in 
your
###Chapter 201
Chapter 201
Chapter 201 Ethan’s statements left Elora completely speechless. She looked at him for what seemed like an eternity. “This red dress brings out your stunning beauty to a whole new level. By the way, red is my favorite color.” Ethan said. “I know.” She whispered, and she believed that he did not hear her. However, she was mistaken due to the fact that he had listened to her. He smiled at her but did not tease her. It was thoughtful of her to choose a dress in his preferred hue, something he admired about her. “Can we have a talk?” He asked. She gave him a nod. While Ethan was glancing around, he laughed to himself. “I am new here, so I don’t know where we should go to have some conversation.” Elora turned her head to the right and saw a door that led to another corridor. “We can go to the gallery if you would like to go. We can stroll while conversing.” “Not a bad idea. Let’s go.” Both of them headed to the gallery. Nobody tried to stop them. They did not feel the need to conceal their feelings for one another from anyone around them. Ethan took a quick look at her hand as soon as they entered the gallery. He reached out and took her hand, holding it softly in his palm. She shifted her focus to gaze at him. He appeared to be quite serious. He spoke up in a low voice and asked, “Elora, can I get a chance?” “For what?” “I heard you while I was lying in bed for those two weeks. I heard you say if we could have gotten a
chance to know each other…” He paused and noticed her flushed face. Her cheeks turned red as she recalled what she had said. She was surprised that Ethan had heard each and everything. “You can.” She replied. She felt him lift her hand and kiss the back of her hand. Her lips. parted at the feeling of his gentle gesture. “We will walk slowly on this path. We have a lot of time to get to know each other. Let’s start from the beginning.” Allison stared at Ryan. When she watched those girls taking selfies with him, she couldn’t help but feel irate on the inside. ? Any celebrity?” poke at a volume that was audible to the person working behind bar counter. “What are you saying, Luna? He is the leader of our pack.” The bartender responded while he was considering the reasons why their new Luna was unable to recognize their Alpha. She turned to the bartender and asked, “How many days have you been working here?” response, dessites at brusid natred expression Allison gas nights you have served drinks to nurt your Alpha at the spend nichts at clubs and retundenium honse in the e lost two years after he returnert tortied to the pack from port not go to the club muth. Sokanson am on duty Luna, nice introduced the same “He is Alon Wice to m mine immediate 
All Attison from Ryan was before falling for herfoonentandrade, she felt On his perl hot bo out at night with wonten than these bro years. peito perfecto s selfish for thinking inkertais. Bunshecoshe could not appearance ith another woman olmam a well raise your wage next week week.” Alpha Alpha, let: Ryan Ryan looke a young man. He looked thrilled to hear chaear that. Cindy Cindy, rais Butoryout He said and bowed his head so bad. to her. “Luna Luna istea herselfherself. lhww now you are working right now. Snesathe said. De anime drinks before ordering one bid theBut the sareare and replied, Of couGE course know know wher sometsomething bayoordat only have soft drinks, especially apply appfelisomason rep Itohol. The far the parily scotato that she could focus on Ryan, who wash wanderstontierstaat itbrawew a few others whom she was unfamiliaramili Allison Aidsont did hand. And 40th in the carter cent to dancinglancing. tanked walkthwalking towards him. Teresa was theas the esal gave heavelbekallook that suggested she washe was aked place ptabend raised hereyebrows.brows. Ryan wrappedtrap Allison gave a slight shake of her head before standing next to Ryan. 
“Luna, nice to meet you.” A man greeted her while sporting a grin. He introduced his wife and his young daughter to her. Her daughter was the same age as her. “He is Alpha Charles.” Ryan introduced him to her. “Nice to meet you, too.” She told Alpha Charles. Her attention was immediately captured by his daughter. She was checking on Ryan. Allison frowned and turned to look at Ryan. On his perfect body, his all-black suit appeared to have been tailored to perfection. Even though he was the king of the Alphas, he had the appearance of a handsome prince. “Alpha, let’s have a dance,” Allison said to Ryan out of nowhere. Ryan looked surprised; he did not expect it. Alpha Charles’s daughter, Cindy, raised her eyebrows when she saw the courage Allison had. “Luna is eager to dance with Alpha.” She stated this while giggling to herself. “Of course, my dear, I cannot contain my excitement. Because I don’t know when somebody else will muster the courage to ask him. something before I do. I have no desire to cause harm to anyone.” Allison replied with a grin. The family of Charles was taken aback by her response. Cindy understood that it was a warning for her from Allison. Allison did not wait for others to finish speaking before seizing Ryan’s hand. At that point, Teresa had already set up a few couples to dance in the center of the hall. As a result, it became an environment suited to dancing. Ryan wrapped his hand around her waist when she took him to the center to dance. “What was that?” He asked her. “What?” “It didn’t sound like a conversation, but a warning.” Allison responded to his question by placing her hands on his shoulders and asking, 
“My dear future husband, what do you think of me? Simply because I maintain a level of calmness at all times does not mean that I am unaware of people around me. I can see how girls look at you. I believe that girl doesn’t have good intentions toward you.” “And you have?” She smirked at him. “I can have any kind of intention toward you. Because you are mine.” “Keep dreaming.” “Why? Are you not mine?” “Stop talking about these meaningless things. I will let you know about Luna’s duties tomo-” She pressed her finger on his lips to stop him. “I won’t learn about any duty until you let me get in your heart.” He spun her around, and her back ended up pressing against the front of his body. He leaned down close to her ear and whispered, “Then don’t do anything.” Allison grinned while moving her legs with slow charm music. She placed her hands over his hands, which were holding her waist, and replied, “Oh, Alpha Ryan! No matter how vast your powers may be, in this 
###Chapter 202
Chapter 202
Chapter 202 When the party was over, Allison felt tired. She had to meet and greet so many people today. She had to talk to them more since she was new to this pack and was going to be their Luna. Therefore, it was necessary for her to be acquainted with everyone. She did not see Ryan after she danced with him. He went out of the pack house, leaving the party and his people. Allison glanced at the main door. She could see guests leaving. She was waiting for Ryan to come back. “I am happy that you are happy.” Allison heard her father. She turned to him and nodded her head. ” Thanks, Dad.” Her mother hugged her. “Go to sleep. You look tired.” “Yes, Mom.” She replied while glancing at the main door for the last time. She was headed to the staircase when Teresa came to her and told t worry. He will come back soon. He doesn’t spend his night side.” Allison looked at her and asked, “Do you know where he is?” “No, I don’t. He is not picking up anyone’s calls. But I can assure you that he will return soon.” “I wanted to talk to him. But now, how will I know when he comes back?” Teresa gave her a sly grin. “My beautiful bestie, I have arranged eveverything for you.” “WWhat do you mean?” Allison asked with confusion. “Hiblis room is next to yours.” Teresa replied with a smirk. Allison’s lips parted as her eyes widened. “The door next to my room that st’s his room?” ‘YebbahuBut keep your voice down, honey. I am the one who arranged allalhehe oooms for
everyone. So don’t let others know about it.” She sasa wwhile glancing at others. Allisonandbagged Teresa and mumbled, “Thank you.” Shububu WWWWhy are you thanking me? You are going to my sister-in-law, as selesasyyube na. it’s my duty to please you.” She said and winked at bener. Allison chockt deshandevent upstairs. She went directly to Ryan’s room. When she grabacoat the doorknob, she realized that his room was ocked.Sindedicheasas out of the pack house, he might have locked his bedroom doorfor sesecurity purposes She thought that avhehehehe returned, she would hear his footsteps, so she should stayay ineheroom. She went to the babarbopo to to take a shower and changed her clothes me pajamas. s When she went up of anellenbathroom, she thought to check on Ryan’s joom. Shelleft her room and procecdedad to Ryan’s bedroom, which was a few steps away from hers.rs. She slowly reached for the doorknoboamand/twisted it. The door opened mimediately. She gasped when shehandlederstood that he had come back. She unhurriedly opened the door wide and entered the room. She noticed him standing beside the window, which was close to the king sized bed. His bedroom was bigger than any other rooms. It had a huge space with a few pieces of furniture. She felt anyone could play soccer there. She closed the door without making any sound and tip-toed toward him. When she almost reached him, he spoke out without turning to her. “What are you doing here?” She was stunned. She turned her head toward the door and then at 
him. ‘How did he know? Didn’t I close the door slowly?’ She asked herself. She wanted to hug him from behind. But she saw him turning around. Therefore, she rushed to him to hug him. So when he turned around, she embraced him. She felt his bare chest touch her face. She glanced at his chest and saw that his shirt was unbuttoned. She bit her tongue as she felt embarrassed. “What are you doing?” He asked and tried to move her away from him by arribbing her arms. did not let him go. She felt that it was the only way to talk to him. erwise, his cold eyes could never let her express anything to him. owever, when he again tried to move her, his steps were imbalanced, and both of them fell on the bed. She was shocked when she raised her head and looked at Ryan, who was under her. “I am… I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to do this.” She apologized. Ryan looked at her. When she tried to sit up, he wrapped his arms around her waist and stopped her from doing so. “Ryan?” She let out. She noticed his eyes were fixed on hers. She could see that his eyes looked different. She frowned and leaned into his mouth. She sniffed and raised her brows. “You are drunk!” He was quiet. His eyes were caressing her face. She felt her heartbeat start to beat fast when his hand moved from her waist to her cheek. “Ryan, you are drunk. I think you should take a rest now. I came here to talk to you. But we can talk tomorrow.” She said and tried to move while putting all the pressure on her elbows. 
But she fell on his chest once again because his other hand did not release her waist. “Ry-” “Sshh.” He put his finger on her lips. She paused the moment his finger brushed her lips. “Why are you so eager to leave me, huh? Didn’t you say you loved me? “He asked her. She could see he was in a drunken state. But seeing him look at her so softly grabbed her heart. “Ryan.” “Hmm.” He hummed as his thumb stroked her chin. She gulped as she stared at him. Her body was pressed against his. Her hands were on his bare chest. “Do you still love me?” She asked. She thought he would not answer her question. But she was surprised when he replied to her. “Of course, I love you. Is it even a question, baby?” Her eyes were lightened by his answer. Her gaze was drawn to his chest tattoo. She was forced to move her eyes from his chest to his face. “Why do you always say that you don’t love me?” She asked with a lower tone. He stared at her for a while, which made her feel nervous under his gaze. “I can’t forget those nights when I thought about you. I felt betrayed. How can I remove them from my heart?” She leaned into his face and mumbled, “Forgive me, Ryan. That is something I will never, ever do again. I will try to be stronger.” or a He closed his eyes moment before opening them again. They started feeling drowsy. 
He took a firm grip on her neck and brought her very close to his face. His lips touched her cheek as he muttered, “I love you a lot, Allison.” She turned her head to face him. She felt emotional hearing that from him. She cupped his cheeks and replied, “I love you too, Ryan.” After saying that, she crashed her lips with his. She gave him a passionate kiss to convey to the man how much she loved him. P 
###Chapter 203
Chapter 203
Chapter 203 Allison opened her eyes and saw that it was already morning. She twisted her head to the side. Her eyes caught the love of her life, sleeping peacefully beside her on the bed. She turned to him and rested her head on her palm. There was a smile on her face as she stared at him. They didn’t do anything last night. He told her that he loved her. She could not prevent herself from kissing him. He kissed her back, but then he fell asleep. She did not disturb him and tried to sleep while hugging him tightly. That was all that happened last time. However, it was really special to Allison. She believed everything was fine now. He confessed that he loved her, which meant they did not have any conflict between them anymore. s She put her other palm on his chest over his tattoo. She leaned on his chest and kissed his tattoo. She blushed when she realized what she was doing. She moved a little and went close to his face. She kissed his cheek and thought, I will do anything for you. You said you loved me; that’s the important thing for me.’ She gasped when he opened his eyes. His eyes shifted to hers. Her cheeks flushed. She saw him furrowing his brows. She moved a little from him, and he sat up on the bed. He looked at his clothes and noticed his shirts were unbuttoned. He turned his head to her and saw her in pajamas. “What are you doing in my bedroom?” He asked her with a cold voice. She felt frozen by his chilly tone. She cleared her throat and tried to explain. “Ryan, last night I came to your room to talk to you, but you were drunk.” His eyes darkened. “So you tried to take advantage of my drunken state?” “W-What?” “When you saw I was drunk, why didn’t you go back to your own room? 
He asked and got out of bed. He did not look in a good mood. He ran his fingers through his hair and tried to find something. She silently watched him heading to the couch and sat down there. He grabbed the packet of cigarettes and took out one, then lit it. After taking a few puffs, he poured a glass of drink into the glass, which was placed on the coffee table close to the couch. Her eyes widened. She got down immediately and walked to him. “Ryan, what are you doing? You should not drink right now. You were drunk last night. Now you again started drinking?” He was about to sip but paused and raised his head to look at her. She went to sit next to him, grabbed the glass from him, and placed it back on the coffee table. She glanced at the cigarette that released toxic smoke from it. “You should not smoke this much. It is not good for your health.” She advised and was about to touch the cigarette, but he moved his hand away from her. “And you are good for me?” He asked with a sarcastic tone. She looked at him and sighed. “Ryan, you have already confessed to me that you love me. Now stop pretending. I know you still have feelings for me.” His face turned grim as he recalled last night. “You believed a drunk man. Don’t you know people make mistakes when they are drunk? And the next morning, they regret it. Just like I am feeling right now.” She was startled to hear him. “Regretting? What are you regretting about? That you told me you loved me? Or you kissed me back?” He averted her gaze and inhaled the cigarette smoke, then replied, “Everything.” Her heart froze at his bitter answer. She felt her eyes begin to hurt. They wanted to let out tears. She stood up and stepped back. He turned to her and asked, “What? What did you expect me to say? That I forgave you? I can’t. Just get that in your mind.” He asked while watching her expression. He raised his hand and pointed his finger to his heart. “You hurt me here, Allison. Forget about
forgiveness. You don’t deserve it.” Allison felt that she was the most disgusting woman in his eyes. His words really pierced her chest. “Y-You didn’t like it when I kissed you last night?” Ryan was silent, which she believed was his answer. She swallowed her breath and nodded her head. “I am a shameless woman, ain’t I? You are right; I should have left your room. In fact, I should not have come to your bedroom last night. He stared at her without replying. His eyes were focused on her face. as he saw her tears streaming out of her eyes. She wiped her tears and said, “If you had told me that it was what you were thinking and that you wanted me to chase you, I would have been happy to continue doing what I was doing. But…” She paused and took a deep breath, then spoke out again, ‘But since you claimed that you were just in a drunken state and you are now regretting those words, then I have nothing to say about it. I am sorry that I came to your room. I am sorry for my shameless behavior last night. I am sorry that I kissed you.” He looked away from her. His face turned fiercer. But he remained silent. Allison gazed at the man who had just broken her heart totally. She could not believe that he would ever make her feel embarrassed just because she kissed him. Was he feeling disgusted about it? “Since you don’t have any feelings for me, I think you should think about yourself. You said I should forget about forgiveness, then I think I don’t deserve you. You are deserving of the very best. Two betrayed you, and now you are making it clear to me that ever forgive me for my mistake. What options do I have I was happy last night that I had a hope for us. But you broke heart by saying indirectly that there would never be us. Although Ryan gave the appearance of being enraged by her statements, he was actually listening to her while smoking. 
“Ryan, I have nothing in my possession to make up for the love you have shown me. Therefore, all I can do is apologize. I know you used II can do is apologize. I know you used to love me a lot. I did wrong with you, but I thought to try. I thought to win your heart. However, you don’t even like my touch. If you don’t like. me anymore, then you don’t have to do me a favor like Ethan was doing. You don’t have to save my life. Don’t think about the matebond thing either. If you don’t love me anymore, then reject me.” While he was smoking, his fingers suddenly froze up, and he looked intently into her angry eyes. She took another step back as his eyes turned into fiery orange. “What did you say?” He asked with a deep voice. She felt submissive just by looking into his eyes. She lowered her head slightly before responding, “You won my pack. You are my head Alpha now. I want to make it clear to you that if you want an unwanted marriage, then I am extremely sorry. I don’t want it. I have already broken your heart, and you said I could never mend it again. If you think about torturing me by ignoring me after marriage, then I am begging you to let me leave. I could have been with Ethan in an unwanted marriage because I did not have any feelings for him. I had the opportunity to make a deal with my life. But when it comes to you, I truly love you. I can’t spend the rest of my life suffering through the pain of being ignored by the man I love.” She slowly lifted her head and looked into his orange eyes. She was able to see flames burning inside, which led her to believe that he was really enraged. She retraced her steps and proceeded to the door. She reached out and gripped the doorknob before saying, 1. “I will wait for your decision. I don’t want to live with someone who despises me. I don’t care about my fate. If you want to make my life a living hell by taking your revenge after the wedding, then i don’t want It. If you don’t like me, then you have the right to reject me. I will accept it wholeheartedly.” 
She turned her head to look at him when she found him silent. “I can see that I’ve offended you in some way. I am sorry for what happened last night, Alpha Ryan.”
###Chapter 204
Chapter 204
Chapter 204 The moment Allison left his room, Ryan stood up and kicked ther coffee table. The bottle of wine and the glass smashed on the floor, spilling all the liquid out of them. The door opened, and Max entered the room hurriedly. Behind him, Ryan’s other friends came inside. They came to talk to Ryan about something but then heard a loud noise from inside. “We heard a loud noise as we were coming to talk to yo-” Max. stopped as his attention drew to the broken coffee table. “What happened to you?” Colin asked and walked to Ryan. Vernon glanced at Ryan while observing his angry face. Meanwhile, Owen closed the door and turned to Ryan. “Are you okay, buddy?” He asked. “Rejection. Now she wants rejection from me.” Ryan replied as he punched the wall close to him. His friends rushed to him and held his arms. “Control yourself, Ryan.” Vernon said. “How can she ask for it? HOW?” He could not control his anger, as his blood was boiling inside. “Why did she say that? There must be a reason behind it. She was fine last night. In fact, she was happy.” Max said with a confused face. “I was drunk last night and said some nonsense to her. When she talked about it today, I said I was just drunk and regretting it now.” Ryan replied. His friends were stunned by his reply. 195 WES He told them about everything that he had said to Allison. He looked at them and then asked, “What? I said what is true. I don’t have anything for her. I don’t love her. She lost her place.” He was getting mad at his friends. They looked dumbfounded by his response. “Get out. You all are just making me angrier.” 
It was Ga mma Colin who spoke out first, “Ryan, stop deceiving yourself. Your anger was okay until last night. But you did something wrong today. Why do you keep lying to yourself? You know you love her.” “No, I don’t.” Max shook his head. “Bro, you messed up really well. That girl was trying to get you back. I heard from Teresa that she had told her about you. She said to her that she would do anything for you. She wanted you to forgive her because she knew what she did was wrong. Ryan tightened his fists and looked away from his friends. Max stared at his best friend and continued, “She was also in pain. She was not happy either, Ryan. We supported you because we knew your love was pure, and she betrayed you. But after learning everything, you should give her a second chance. You even announced the wedding. How can you tell her that she can’t expect your forgiveness? You are not only lying to her but also to yourself. You broke her heart today. At the end of the day, you would be the one who hurt her.” Ryan turned away from his friends and said, “I don’t care about her.” “Then reject her.” Coin said. The other three men looked at him. Colin nodded at them as if telling them to trust him. Ryan glared at him. “Why will I reject her? She is my mate.” “You fell for her, not knowing that she was your mate. You fell for your brother’s mate and tried to stay away from her. You learned about the matebond later, when Ethan rejected her. You never hurt her when she went into a relationship with Ethan after the rejection. You never told her that you were her fated mate because you wanted her love. When she broke up with you, you were with Elora, but you never touched her, not even any other girls. The man we have seen, who was full of desire, actually controlled himself and mourned in pain of heartbreak because of her. Why? Because he wanted that woman’s love.” Colin was reminding him of the past, Ryan clenched his jaw as he recalled those days. 
B “But what is he doing right now? When he finally finds out that she loves him, he is avoiding it. Why? Just because he can’t forget that japain of two years?” VIWhen they saw Ryan’s silence, they also became quiet for a moment. feVernon handed a cigarette to Ryan. “Bro, you need this right now. Just altake some puffs and relax yourself. Nothing is messed up yet. If you vawant, you can make everything right.” RyRyan held the cigarette and put it between his lips. Vernon lit it for inhimy Ryan inhaled the smoke and tried to calm himself. His mind was SciScrewing up. Maywalked to him and put his hand on his shoulder. “Are two years bigger than how you feel about her? Isn’t she the only person in the world that you care about? Remember how you used to feel when she was with someone else? You wanted her to be yours. You promised her that you would be with her. You promised your love. Maybe she lost track because of her parents, but it’s your time to show that your love was pure and real. You can’t just let your woman go like that.” “Tsk!” Ryan rubbed his forehead as he lost his mind each second while thinking about everything. All these times, he had it in his mind to get Allison back and show her how much she had given him pain. But what she said to him today gave him a strange feeling. He was angry at her for even thinking about leaving him once again. “Accept that you still love her. You didn’t lose your feelings for her. You are just angry with her. But how long can you be angry with her? From next week, she will be staying with you in your room, in your bed. She will become your wife. Will you mistreat your wife for a mistake that she made in the past? You forgave your father, who you used to despise the most. But you can’t forgive a fragile girl who is madly in love with you?” Ryan was listening to them without looking at them. They talked to him for a long time, then left his room to get himself freshened up. But before leaving, they said to him, “It is all up to you, Ryan. Bring back the Ryan whom she is familiar with before it’s too late. Don’t be
a fool, and regret it later.” 
###Chapter 205
Chapter 205
Chapter 205 Allison was crying in her room. Teresa was with her, hugging her tightly. Teresa heard everything from Max and hurriedly came to meet Allison. “He hates me, Teresa.” Allison let out. Teresa stroked her back. “No, he doesn’t. I have been watching him for two years. I lived with him under the same roof. Allison, he has feelings for you. Simply put, he is in too much of an agitated state to take anything in.” Allison broke the hug and wiped her eyes. “No, Tess. You don’t know how he looked at me when he saw me with him in the bed. It was like I was a piece of sh it. When he noticed that both of us were dressed normally, he appeared relieved, as though he would have been repulsed if something had taken place between the two of us. I am at a loss for words to describe how I am feeling right now.” As Teresa stared at the mess her best friend was making of tears, she too began to cry. She shook her head. “Don’t say that.” “No, I am not going to marry him. If he claims that he doesn’t love me anymore, then there is no need for this marriage. I don’t think I can continue to stay like this.” “Allison, how can you lose your mind? It’s just two days. You decided to try to win his heart.” Allison stood up. “No. He said he didn’t have any feelings for me. So I don’t want anything now. I have gotten enough. People do have breakups, don’t they? I know I did it wrong. Now what? I am trying my best to show him my love for him. But that doesn’t mean I will live with him like an unloved wife for my whole life. I can’t. I told him about Ethan’s situation. Because I know him. He would have raised a question about it. I told him that I could be with Ethan while compromising in a marriage. But with him, I can’t see him neglecting me.” Teresa got to her feet and held her hand. “Now, what do you want? 
“I want nothing. If he can’t forgive me, then I don’t deserve him either. He deserves someone he loves, not me. I am a sinner who ruined everyone’s lives. I don’t want to do that anymore. I am just done.” Teresa sighed as she could see how angry her best friend was. “I know that you are upset with him right now. That is the reason why you are making this statement.” “No, I am not. You have no idea how embarrassed I was when he said he regretted everything. He regretted that he kissed me back. My touch is now disgusting for him.” Teresa pulled her to the closet and took out a bathrobe. “Go and take a shower. Calm yourself with the water.” Allison grabbed the bathrobe and nodded her head. “I will send your clothes. We are going to the Black Moon University.” Teresa said. Allison looked at her with confusion and asked, “Why?” “Ryan told me yesterday that he had submitted your application to that university in order to ensure that you are able to keep continuing your studies.” Allison scoffed when she heard that “Tell that man. I am à bad woman. He should not care about a woman who he despises a lot.” Teresa smiled at her. “Let’s go. We will have fun.” “Wait a minute. Are you a student at that school?” “Yeah, obviously. I didn’t stop my studies after coming here.” “Okay. Then you may count me in.” “I am going to get ready. It would be best if you also hurried up. It’s your first day.” After taking a shower, Allison walked out of the bathroom and noticed a dress lying on the bed when she returned to the bedroom. There was also a pair of heels that were placed next to the bed. Allison strolled over to the bed while continuing to examine the outfit. A pair of ripped black jeans and a white top. Additionally, the high heels were white in color. 
She stared at them for a while. She used to wear fancy clothes, but after she was chosen to be the future Luna of the Moonlight Crown pack, she gave them up and started wearing plain, long dresses instead. That time, she felt as though she had lost the colors of her life, so she wore something that could not get the attention of others. Allison recalled those days and grabbed the clothes. She walked to the door and locked it. After she had finished getting ready, she studied her appearance in the mirror. She was able to glimpse the Allison that she had been two years ago. She only lacked the confidence she used to have. She looked away from the mirror when she remembered that the confidence she was thinking of was given to her by Ryan. He was the one who used to tell her that she could live her life fully, like other girls. When she had finished putting on the white heels, she exited the room. She went downstairs, where she found other people. Everyone was in the living room except Ryan. It was breakfast time, so everyone was proceeding to the dining room. Her parents were surprised, looking at their daughter. They felt that their daughter was back to normal again. They felt delighted. Ella and Neil said she was looking good. Allison thanked them and glanced at Ryan’s friends, who were staring at her. She paid no attention to their stares and turned to face Teresa instead. Teresa informed them that they needed to go immediately and that they would eat breakfast at their school. When Allison arrived at her new school, she was blown away. The buildings were built centuries ago. People simply painted over them, and other than that, all of the decorations remained the same as they had been. Teresa showed her around and then introduced her as a friend to the other people. Allison told her not to tell others that she was Ryan’s mate. She did not want any attention on the first day. 
She met a few new boys and girls in the classes. She missed her two friends. She thought to call them after school. They took care of her a lot in the last two years. After spending time on the first day at school, Allison went to the shopping mall with Teresa. Teresa forced her to go there. She said shopping could make any woman’s mood fine. When Allison returned to the pack house with Teresa, it was already time for dinner. Ella told them to have dinner first and then went to freshen up. They agreed with her. When Allison cast her gaze toward the stairwell, she saw Ryan making his way down. After meeting her gaze, his eyes moved to the clothes she was wearing. She averted her gaze away from him and proceeded to the dining room with others. Everyone waited around the table for Ryan to sit down with them. He made his way there and joined them. Everyone started to eat. Neil asked Allison, “How was your first day at school?” Allison nodded at him with a smile. “Good, Uncle. Everyone is very gentle there. They are easy to get along with.” Teresa cast a glance in the direction of Ryan, who was currently. looking at Allison. She cleared her throat and said with a chuckle, “Actually, no one knows who Allison is. So they are excited to be friends with her-especially boys. Allison is so stunning. What can they do? There were even a few of them who had the audacity to ask me for her phone number. I have a feeling that she will become the most popular girl in our school soon.” 
###Chapter 206
Chapter 206
Chapter 206 The focus of Ryan’s attention turned to Teresa, and as he listened to her, he furrowed his brows. “Why didn’t anyone know who she was?” He inquired in a calm voice, but his friends were aware that he was anything but peaceful on the inside at that moment. After giving Ryan a sideways glance, Teresa let out a chuckle. “Alpha, it was Allison’s decision. She does not want anybody else to know about the connection between you and her.” Teresa’s words came out with a mockery tone. However, others were not able to comprehend. Glen nodded his head and remarked, “Allison is always like this. She doesn’t like to grab attention. She prefers to keep a low profile.” Allison gave her father a smile before responding, “I don’t think they should know about it either.” “What do you mean, Allison? After the wedding, they will get to know about it.” Ella said. Allison cast a glance in Ryan’s direction, and the two of them locked their eyes. She did not break eye contact and said to Ella, nk about it later, Aunt.” e believed that after the wedding, she would undoubtedly ge others. son looked away from Ryan once she noticed that he remained in ye contact and continued eating. She was angry at him. Actually, she was upset. She felt that he was #25 BONU not the Ryan she was in love with. He had changed. This change was not good for her. She stayed with the decision to avoid him and leave him if he did not want her. After dinner, everyone left the dining room. They were heading to their own rooms when Ryan stopped Teresa by calling her name. “Teresa” “Yes, Alpha?” 
“In my office right now.” He ordered and proceeded to his office, which was located on the upper level and on the right side. Allison turned her head to gaze at Teresa and then questioned, “Is everything okay?” Teresa gave a little shake of the head. “No worries. He must be calling me to ask how everything went today in school, whether your registration papers were okay or not. These types of things.” “Oh.” “Go get some rest and sleep well. Tomorrow, we have classes to attend.” “Okay, you should also take som-” Allison paused when her eyes fell on Max. “I forgot you can’t take a rest. Your man is staring at you intently like wolf.” Allison said and giggled. a ell, blushed when she heard Allison. She glanced at Max, who oking at her. You are ric He is a hungry beast in bed.” Teresa replied. Allisom’s jaw dropped at her sassy reply. How could she forget her best friend’s sassy attitude? “Okay, good night. See you in the morning.” Allison said and hugged Teresa. She went over to her mother, who was having a conversation with Ella, and gave her a bear hug. Ella turned her head to gaze at her and questioned, “Where’s mine?” Additionally, Allison gave her a hug. It broke her heart to think that she would not be able to spend any more time with the Iversen family. She went upstairs to her room and took a shower first. After that, she changed into her pajamas and went to sleep on the bed. Meanwhile, Teresa was on her way to Ryan’s office. “I don’t know what he will do to me.” Teresa mumbled under her 
breath. “You should not have poked him like that. His mood was off today. Why did you tell him about those boys?” Max asked as he was also walking with Teresa, proceeding to Ryan’s office. They stopped in front of the office room. Before Teresa could knock on the door, Ryan spoke out from inside. “Come in.” The sound of his voice caused her to take a sharp breath. Max smiled as he opened the door for her and patted her on the back. “Go inside. I am going to our room.” -Teresa grabbed his hand. “Stay with me.” He smirked and whispered, “Don’t worry. He won’t kill his Beta’s mate.” Teresa gave him a gentle tap on the arm, and he responded by laughing at her. She hurriedly entered the office and then slowly shut the door after she was inside. Her gaze eventually settled on Ryan He was in his usual spot, behind the desk, sitting in his chair, “Alpha” Ryan gave her a look before gesturing for her to take a seat in one of the chairs. Teresa made her way over to the seats and took a seat in the chair on the left. She said, “Alpha, you called me.” “How was the day?” He asked. “It was good, Alpha.” “Was she feeling comfortable with everything?” Teresa stared at the man. ‘You are such a dumb guy. Boy, why is it that you can’t just ask this question to Allison directly? Am I Allison? No. You should go and ask her. If you had talked to her, it would have been possible for you to find solutions to the challenges you were having.’ She scolded Ryan in her mind. Ryan frowned at her. “Where are you lost?” “Huh? Oh, no, no, Alpha. I was thinking about the whole day, and yes. She was feeling comfortable. Did you not hear what she said while she was sitting at the table? Everyone was kind and respectful to her.” 
“I heard what she said. I was also listening in on what you were saying.” “What do you mean, Alpha?” “Who are they?” “What?” “The boys you were talking about. Who are they?” Teresa cleared her throat and smiled sheepishly. “Alpha, they are ordinary boys. I can’t even recognize their names.” “I gave you such a powerful position, and you are telling me you can’t even recognize people’s faces?” “Alpha, calm down. Listen to me. I know you are really mad right now. But those boys are innocent. Allison was the one who did not want anyone to know about you and her. She behaves strangely; I don’t know why.” “What do you mean by strangely?” Teresa looked away from him and laughed in her head. However, she did not show any sign of emotion on her face and instead responded, “She was talking about leaving me and her parents. I was shocked. Then I convinced her not to say anything like that. Ryan was taken aback. “Did she say that?” Η She looked at him and nodded her head. “Yes, Alpha.” Ryan let out a sigh and shook his head in frustration. “I am not a fool, Teresa. You are saying this because you heard about today from her.” Her eyes widened. She shook her head and replied, “I heard, but she has decided to leave you. She said she did not want to be here either.” Teresa was able to observe that Ryan’s expression became gloomy. She got to her feet and made one last attempt at beating the odds. “Alpha, each and every boy at our school has a crush on Allison. You know how hot she is. We girls
can understand how boys look at us. They don’t know that she is your woman, you know. She also told everyone that she is single right now I think one of then wende express their liking for her at any time. And what if shar “Shut up.” Ryan cut her off. He glared at her “A-Alpha, I am sleepy Mex is waiting Goodnight Teresa rushed out of the office She buffed when she came out te smirked and thought, ‘Let’s see how Alpha Ryan reacts after this 
###Chapter 207
Chapter 207
Chapter 207 Allison got up much earlier than usual today. She got ready. Teresa bought her some clothes last night. She wore one of them. She was dressed in a light pink dress that reached her knees. She radiated flawless and exquisite beauty. In fact, she looked younger than her age. She began to curl her hair from the bottom. She put on a pair of black boots. She felt good to dress up for herself. She left her room and went downstairs. Everyone was lounging on the couches of the living room. They looked at her and smiled. “Today, you two can have breakfast with us.” Ella said, as they were not getting late at all. Allison agreed with Ella. Teresa looked at Allison and winked at her. Allison walked to her and asked, “You are in a good mood today.” Teresa yawned and mumbled, “Yeah, I feel refreshed.” “That’s great.” She chuckled when she realized what had refreshed Teresa. They went to the dining room to have breakfast. “Where is Ryan?” Ethan asked. “He is out of the pack house.” Delta Owen replied. Allison glanced at the empty chair and then returned her attention to her food. After breakfast, she and Teresa left for their school. Allison’s first class was not with Teresa. So she headed to her first class alone. After she walked in, she looked around for a place to sit. She noticed there was a
vacant seat next to a boy. She walked to the seat and sat there. A few students turned to them and raised their brows. “What?” She asked them. “That’s Ruby’s seat.” The boy next to her let out. She turned her head to him and then to the students in front of her. “Well, I am sorry. I didn’t know.” She said and was about to stand up, but the boy beside her stopped her. “Oh, it’s okay. She can sit with Mack.” Allison was confused. “Who is Mack?” The boy introduced his friends to her. “I am Ron. They are Mack and Malini.” “Hi. I am new here, so I didn’t know it was someone else’s place.” Allison apologized. vorry. Ruby is our friend. And there she is.” He said, then d at a girl who had just entered the class. son turned her head to look at the girl who was approaching her. e didn’t look pleased when her eyes fell on Allison. Who is she?” She asked. “I am Allison Clark. Hello.” Allison replied to herself. Allison could see that Ruby liked Ron. She did not want anyone to # mistake her as a destroyer, so she stood up and said to them that she could take another seat. After the class, those four people joined her in another classroom. Allison found them friendly and felt that they were good people. Because other students were different, the girls were staring at her with hostile expressions, as though she posed a threat to them. On the other hand, young men’s gazes were tinged with lust as they surveyed her. Allison had the opinion that men were the same. They were only 
interested in women. During break time, she met Teresa in the school’s cafeteria. “I can’t believe this cafe is bigger than the few classrooms of our previous school.” Allison said while looking around the cafe. “Yeah, you are right.” “I have met a few students. They are really good.” “Any boy?” “Yeah, two boys and two girls. Why?” Allison asked while looking at her with confused eyes. “Nothing.” Teresa replied with a smirk. ishing up with all of their classes, they made their way ds the front door. They could see the crowd. son peeked at the crowd, trying to see what they were looking at. At that time, Teresa’s phone rang. Allison could see who had called her. It was Max. Teresa received the call and almost screamed. “What are you saying? You all are out of school! We are coming.” A25 BORUS She reached out and grabbed Allison’s hand before sprinting towards the other people. “They are outside.” Before Allison could ask anything, she heard whispers. “Alpha is here! He has never been there.” “Someone said his girlfriend is studying here with us.” “Girlfriend? Wasn’t it Elora?” “No, he declared to get married with another girl.” “My dad said that she was his mate. “Who is the luckiest girl?” Allison overheard a lot of people whispering. She paid them no attention and continued walking into the crowd. As soon as the students noticed Teresa, they retreated. Allison realized that she heard right about
her. She had great power in this pack. When they reached the entrance, Allison’s steps halted. She saw Ryan leaning against his car as if waiting for someone. His black jeans, black t-shirt, and black sunglasses gave him the look of a spoiled brat at the school. For o e thought back to the past when Ryan had just returned light Crown pack. aightened his posture and started walking in her direction. a hurried over to Max and gave him a bear hug. “What are you doing here?” She asked and glanced at the two other cars. Max looked at Ryan and muttered, Your words really affected him.” Teresa turned to look at Ryan, who was now standing next to Allison. Allison looked away from him. The crowd was watching Ryan with amazed eyes. They could not believe that they had been blessed with such an incredible opportunity to meet their head Alpha in person. Ryan reached out and grabbed Allison’s hand before looking around at the people around them. “From what I’ve heard, you’re in the dark about her true identity. She is going to be your Luna very soon. The most important thing is…” He paused and turned his attention to the young men who were standing there with their heads bowed in submission. “She is my woman. So be careful with the way you look at her. If something is brought to my attention in the future, I will pull out your eyes as retaliation.” 4
###Chapter 208
Chapter 208
Chapter 208 When everyone heard Ryan, they immediately felt fear deep within themselves. The girls began to tremble and were on the verge of falling on their knees in submission. Fear was the only thing that came to their minds when they thought about Allison. She was Alpha Ryan’s woman. Not only that, she was their soon-to-be Luna! The boys around them felt frightened and remained quiet. They were aware that the only thing required of them was to show respect for Allison. If nothing was done, this man would slay them while they were still alive. e aura Allison’s attention was fixed on Ryan the entire time he was talking. She could see that this man had a compared to everyone else. His statements were binding, just like the law. People feared him more than they feared death itself. It was his words that took her by surprise. He referred to her as his woman. Why? Didn’t he say that he did not have any feelings for her anymore? She cast her gaze over the crowd and was able to observe their reacts. She felt bad for the students, so she said to Ryan in a one. are you here?” an turned to her and dragged her along with him. She realized that e was holding her hand. He opened the front passenger door and said, “Get in.” Allison did not want to create any drama there. So she got in the car. He closed the door and went to the driver’s seat. After he started the car, the cars that were behind it started following his car as well. Allison glanced at the side mirror. She could see more than five cars behind them. When she considered the possibility that Ryan had actually gone everywhere like this, she was astounded. 
“Why did you say that there?” She asked Ryan. “I didn’t tell any lies They need to know who they are messing with.” He stated as he focused his attention on the road. Allison turned her head to face him. “Why did you say that I was your woman?” He frowned after hearing it. He looked at her and asked, “Aren’t you?” She averted her gaze from his questionable eyes and cleared her throat. “Concentrate on the road.” He turned his attention back to the road and replied, “Then don’t ask me any illogical questions.” “Yeah, I ask illogical questions, and you are the most logical person. You can do and say anything. I just can’t understand why you need to come to my school. It was just my second day.” She asked with an annoyed tone. “Because you like to keep your true identity a secret. But I am not like you.” Allison regarded him while laughing sarcastically at him. “Look who’s talking! The man who has spent his entire life keeping his true identity a secret from his family and others now will give me advice about it.” She mocked him while shaking her head. She noticed his fingers clenched around the steering wheel of the car. She gulped and looked away. She did not want to take a chance with this man. Who knows what would come to his mind, and he would do that. She rested her back against the seat and looked outside the window as she thought he was driving back to the pack house. However, after a while, she noticed that the pack house did not come into view. The distance between the school and the pack house could be covered in under twenty minutes. If this was the case, then why hadn’t they arrived there yet? 
She turned to him and asked, “Where are we going?” “Didn’t you want to leave me and this pack?” “I still do.” “I thought, why not make your wish come true?” “What do you mean? Where are you taking me? I am not going anywhere with you.” He turned his head and smirked at her. “Why? Are you afraid of me?” She rolled her eyes at him. “Afraid of you? In your dreams.” “So you are not scared?” “Scared of what?” “That I am taking you somewhere. There will be no one to save you from me.” Adlisomuchuckled. She sounded bittere What atacayoyou do? Kith me? You cannham not afraid of death, Alpha Rybyah.” He turned silent. He did notartter a word after thataAlAfter like an hour, ther cao crossed a border. Adisset set up straight. Her eyes widened. Site thoughghtyByawawas just kidglish She could not believe that he was actuallylyalakingehen out of bacback. Stiel didtr?kalsk him anything. She took out her phone fdmomenerabag bdialed fècreenesals number. But she found no network brothechphone. hathamentisakyan increased the car’s speed by revvingthehenengine. Stine snestre ligally fett scared. She could not help but sayay, leylase acuydoidoing? Where are we going? You can’t justsakekame aylike thathbhaveaveatokask my parents.” ur parents two wohcaoutineThey give your hand to me soshcaman by you anywhere erealwant.” frown deepeneched aerheranxiety morphed into wrath before herer s.es. 
w dare you say thathate/corcona have to throw me. I myself don’t it to stay with you.bu.” re was a smirk on Ryan sarás a bewit swase like he was enjoying the ridede much. Or Allison could say she haswas pleased to pick or her.. ant, i thoughtglot would abhoumenbe thencaricellation of the weddingg b.” She said.aid n’s delighted face turned grigrim/havbad din yoaysay?” have to cancel test soon as possuselblauYoucan’t just force me too fry you. Allison gasped loudly as the car came to a startling halt. It stopped in the middle of the road as he pressed the brake after hearing her statement. He then switched his attention to her and pointed his finger in her direction. “You should forget about it because I will never cancel it.” “You can’t force me.” “Of course I can. I am the head Alpha of the pack where you are currently living. I am the one who won your pack. I will be the one to bring down the pack that you will join to live with if you dare to leave me.” She ga gazed into the icy orbs that were pointing an accusatory glare in her direction. She ignored his words and asked, “Tell me where we are going.” He turned away from her and started the car again. “Be prepared to behave like a Luna. We are going to the East Flow pack.” ay’s Bonus Offer
###E Chapter 209
Chapter 209
Chapter 209 “East Flow Pack?” Allison was perplexed as to the motivation behind his want to go to that pack. But then she came to the realization that, because he had only recently become the leader of the pack, he would be expected to shoulder all of the responsibilities associated with this position. “But why me? Why do you want to take me there?” She asked again when he did not reply to her. “You didn’t hear me. I said to prepare yourself.” Allison felt that there was no point in attempting to converse with this man. He would proceed to act in the manner that he desired. She was mad at him, so she turned to the window and kept looking outside without any further conversation. It took them a few hours to reach the East Flow Pack. It was close to the Black Moon Pack, so they did not have to spend much time on the road. It was nighttime when they arrived at the pack house of the East Flow pack; it was evening. 2 Guards hurried to their cars and opened the doors for them as soon as they reached them. When Allison got out of the car, the first person she saw was Teresa, which took her by surprise. “Tess! You also came!” She said it happily and walked to her. Teresa smiled at her and hugged her. “Yes, honey. I am the beta’s wife in your pack. Of course, I had to come.” “You can’t even begin to explain to you how I am feeling right now. I feel like I have come back to life. Otherwise, I was worried about how I would stay with that arrogant man. “So you thought you two would be all alone?” Teresa asked and winked at her. “Tess, please. You know me.” 
“Okay, don’t get mad. We come in a new pack to visit. Let’s enjoy it.” Allison nodded her head and glanced at others who were looking around while talking about something. Allison looked at the pack house. It looked like a penthouse to her. Teresa and she walked together to the pack house first. Guards and a few men bowed to them. Allison did not know who those men were but guessed they were important members of the East Flow pack. “Wow. Not bad.” Teresa said as she took a look around the pack house at the various decorations. Not only did it appear simple from the outside, but also from the inside. This residence had the appearance of a contemporary dwelling, not like a pack house where the Alpha lived with his family and officials. Allison noticed Ryan talking with Colin while entering the pack house. He looked serious. “Call a pack meeting tomorrow.” “Okay.” She overheard their conversation and understood that he would be swamped. “Tell everyone to keep arranging everything for the wedding.” Ryan said as his gaze fell on Allison. Allison gave him the cold shoulder. “Did you hear him? He still wants a fake marriage. A marriage in names and papers.” Allison whispered to Teresa. Teresa held her hand and patted it. “Maybe he has changed his mind.” “Oh, hell no. He kept talking rudely to me in the car. I don’t want him to sit on my head. I will not tolerate his arrogance at all. He is Alpha Ryan for others, but for me, he is the man who now hates me.” Teresa let out a heavy sigh. She was at a loss for words. Allison made an effort to win Ryan over, even though he was in an angry mood. But as Ryan sought to learn the realities, Allison turned her back. Teresa had the impression that she would pass away while attempting to help them. But she decided to keep trying. Allison was her best friend. She had to bear so much. Now it was her time to show her friendship, and she would try her best. 
They were shown to their rooms by the maids. After changing into a different outfit, Allison proceeded to the dining room to join the other people for dinner. On the way, she got a call from her mother. “Mom.” “Are you enjoying there?” “Mom, did you and Dad permit Ryan to take me here?” “How can we permit him? He is your mate. He can take you anywhere he wants.” “I see.” She muttered and scolded Ryan in her mind. “Allison, my daughter. Listen to me. “Yes, Mom.” “For such a young age, you have experienced a lot. Over the past few years, you have had to go through a lot of suffering. It’s time for you to smile and laugh, my little daughter. Please pay attention to your heart and make peace with your future.” “But Mom, this is my fate. What if fate doesn’t want me to stay happy? “Why are you saying this? You wanted to be with Ryan, didn’t you? Now, when fate gives you a chance, use it. Appreciate the time you are spending with your mate in the present moment. Put the past in the past.”. Allison thought that she might have forgotten everything, but that man didn’t want to forget the past. After having a short conversation with her mother, she joined the rest of the people for dinner. She noticed that Ryan did not come to join the table. She heard from others that he was working on something in his room at the time. After dinner, Allison retired to her room as soon as she could. After a short while, Teresa came to her room and knocked on the door. Allison let her in. She noticed there were some clothes in Teresa’s hand. “You have to wear these dresses until we go back to our pack.” “Okay.” 
Teresa handed her the clothes and told her to change her clothes into nightwear. “I will take you to look around the pack house. Hurry up. Allison noticed that those clothes had a few nightgowns and no pajamas. “Tess, I can’t wear these nightgowns.” “Come on. You will look good.” “I don’t want to.” “I usually wear these. So the designer sent these types of clothes to you too. I am sorry, my honey. Just wear it for two days. We will leave the day after tomorrow anyway.” Allison had no choice but to wear one of those night clothes. She chose the violet nightgown and went to the bathroom to change. When she came out, Teresa’s eyes were delighted. “Such a hot chick you are!” Allison hit her arm. “Shut up.” “Let’s go.” “Will we go in these clothes?” “No one is around at this hour. Everyone left for their room. And you have a robe, too. Wear it. It will also look hot.” Teresa said and made her wear the upper robe of the nightgown. They went out of the room, and Teresa was right. There was no one outside. Allison did not feel very awkward because Teresa was also dressed in a nightgown similar to hers. Her upper robe did a great job of concealing her cleavage. But it was knee-length, so she did not look odd, for sure. They began their exploration in the gallery, moved on to the balcony, and then explored a few hallways. Teresa stopped in front of a big wooden door and twisted the doorknob. She peeked inside while tilting her head. “What a room!” She said and turned to Allison. 
“Let’s go inside, Allison.” She said and pulled her with her. Allison was able to take in the stunning details of the room’s decor. But it was a master bedroom. When she realized whose room it was, she was taken aback. She was about to turn to Teresa to tell her to leave the room as fast as they could. But before she could do that, she heard Teresa from behind. “I am sorry, honey. But you both don’t leave any choice for me. If your two decide to kill me tomorrow, I won’t be upset about it.” Allison turned and saw Teresa rush to the door. She left the room, then shut the door from outside. She frowned, as she could not understand what Teresa was trying to say or do. She walked to the door and grabbed the doorknob. She twisted a few times. But it was locked! “Tess-” She was interrupted by the sound of someone opening a door. She slowly turned around, and as she did so, her eyes landed on the man who was wearing a black bathrobe and had just come out of the bathroom after having a shower. His eyes met hers, and he asked, “What are you doing here?” 
###Chapter 210
Chapter 210
Chapter 210 Allison quickly averted her gaze from him before responding, “Teresa locked the door from behind.” As Ryan approached the door, she moved to the side to make room for him. He reached for the doorknob and made an attempt to turn it, but the door was locked. He turned his head to her and asked “Your best friend is really up to something.” When she looked at him, she noticed that his gaze had moved to her nightgown. She gulped and looked away. She tried to fix her upper robe. “Please, give me your phone.” She said without looking at him. He put his hands on the pockets of the bathrobe and asked, “Why?” She gave him a frowning look as she gazed at him. “Call your friends and tell them to open the door.” He amused himself by leaning his back against the door and smirking. “And why would I do that?” As soon as she heard the question, she felt her jaw drop. “What are you looking for? Will you mock me once more for entering your room and staying here for another night?” He scratched his forehead. “If you are so afraid of allegations, then why did you come to my bedroom in the first place?” Allison was fuming with wrath. She gave a slight nod of her head. “I can’t just believe it. You will never stop taunting me.” “You are right. Why would I stop?” She glanced at the bathroom and pointed to him there. “I suggest you go and change this bathrobe. Put on some clothes.” “Excuse me?” “No, you are not excused. Can’t you see a woman in your room? How can you roam around the room in a bathrobe?” 
Ryan noticed her expression. He was enjoying it. He nodded his head. “You are right. I should change the bathrobe.” Allison turned to the door when he moved from there. She was about to knock on the door but halted and turned to him. “Hey! Give me your phone. I will call someone for help. Maybe Max can help us, or Owen.” “No way. They are my friends, not my se rvants. It’s nighttime, and they need sleep. I am going to change; till then, keep trying to open the door.” Allison scoffed at him and began to knock on the door. “Is anyone here? Please open the door.” She knocked loudly, but no one came to help her. She was surprised that no one heard her. eresa tell the maids not to come to this area?’ She thought at it and got mad at Teresa. e turned around and started to search for Ryan’s phone. She would ave to call someone. Otherwise, she could not get out of the room tonight. She checked on the nightstand, the couches, and the coffee table. She was unable to locate his phone. “Where is his phone? Argh!” She stomped on the floor angrily while. looking for the phone. She grabbed the blanket and yanked it away from the bed. Her eyes fell on the phone. “Yes, I finally got it.” She was relieved to find it, but when she saw that the phone could only be unlocked with a fingerprint, she felt helpless and defeated. “How can you be so dumb, baby? You thought I used my phone without a lock?” Allison heard a deep voice come from behind her. She immediately turned, but let out a gasp when her eyes fell upon a bare chest. The physique was remarkable, with abs and muscles prominently displayed. Ryan was just wearing a pair of black sweatpants with no shirt on. He was only a few steps away from her. She looked at his face and asked, 
“W-Why are you shirtless?” He lowered his head and moved closer to her, coming to eye level. “You are in my bedroom. I am free to behave as I want and wear whatever I prefer. I don’t like to sleep wearing clothes anyway.” He said while giving her a knowing wink She inhaled deeply and quickly diverted her gaze from him. “S-Stay away from me. I don’t want to know how you like to sleep.” ShShe tried to walk past him, but he blocked her path by standing in her weway. She looked at him. He gestured to her on the phone. “That’s mine.” She shoved the phone into his chest and replied, “Call someone right now. You are a head Alpha. Won’t anyone come to help you? Is it a joke?” She said with a cold voice and walked to the door. She began to bang on the door. “Someone please open the door. Your Alpha is locked inside. His life is in danger.” Allison felt someone approaching behind her. She was taken aback by Ryan standing behind her. He slowly wrapped his hands around her waist Her hands froze when he turned her around. Her back pressed against the door. Her eyes looked at him with wide eyes. His eyes were staring at her. His body came close to hers. “W-What are you doing?” “What’s wrong with your expression? When we were in the car together, didn’t you state that you had no fear of me?” Allison tried to calm herself, but she failed when she realized how close they were. He released her waist, placed his hands on the door, and caged her between his arms to keep her from escaping. Her cheeks flushed from the close proximity. She saw him looking at her. His eyes slowly roam at her almost revealing nightgown. She cursed herself for wearing it. She rubbed her legs together in nervousness under his gaze. She tried to pull her robe behind from
her chest area so that her cleavage would not show at all. But his hand gripped her wrist to prevent her from continuing. She felt him lowering her head and pressing his lips against her left ear. She closed her eyes as her breath hitched at his touch. “You are looking hot.” He whispered it in her ear. She swallowed her breath and opened her eyes. His scent enveloped her completely. She could smell him as if he let his guard down and opened all the links for her to feel him. She found that she couldn’t get enough of his scent. It felt addictive to her. She lifted her hands and placed them on his abs, then tried to push him. “Ryan, stay away. I don’t want another misunderstanding.” He moved his head. His nose brushed against her cheek. His lips were an inch away from hers, and then he muttered, “You came here to play with fire. How can I keep myself under control when you look like this and drive my mind insane?” 
###Chapter 211
 Chapter 211
 Allison felt her heart start to beat fast, like a marathon. She met his gaze and peered into his eyes.
 They were rife with lust.
 "No, I can't allow myself to be trapped." She whispered to herself and pushed him hard.
 He retreated back to the push. She shook her head. "No, you don't want me at all. You are just feeling needy. Isn't it a real fact? You are still harboring resentment toward what happened two years ago, aren't you?" She said while looking at him.
 Tears wailed into her eyes. She bit her bottom lip to keep her tears from falling.
 Ryan, on the other hand, was stunned by her. He stared at the woman, who was crying. She did not want to be with him anymore because she believed he did not want her.
 Was that the truth?
 "Look, don't cry in front of me."
 Allison frowned at him. Tears rolled down her cheeks. "Why? Now I can't even allow myself to cry? Why can't I cry in front of you? What do you want? To cry alone in my room so that you can't see what you have done to me?"
 He looked away from her and turned away from her. He proceeded to the nightstand and accessed one of the drawers there. He reached into his pocket for a pack of cigarettes and lit one of them.
 She couldn't take her eyes off of him. When she noticed him moving to the couch, she walked to him and grabbed his arm. She turned him to her.
 "Look at me. Why are you avoiding making eye contact with me? This is what you have done to me. When I thought everything was going to be fine, you broke me once again. Are you happy after making me feel like this? I asked you to cancel the wedding, but you chose to stick to your guns and not listen to me. Where do I fit in? I never got my happiness on my side. Just one mistake, and you broke me like this?"
 He looked at her. "Allis-"
 She interrupted him by lifting her hand. "You don't have to say anything. I don't want to be with a man who is cruel. People talk about how cruel you are, but I never imagined that you would treat me in the same manner as if I were one of your adversaries. I have decided that I won't marry you.
 Even if you force me, I will find different ways."
 She went to the door and kept knocking.
 "I will keep knocking until someone comes and opens the door. I don't want to be with this man.
 He only hates me. I don't want to stay with him. He will tell me the next morning that he regrets staying with me." She continued to yell out loud to herself while furiously pounding on the door.
 Suddenly, she felt her body being lifted in the air.
 "Aaah!" She let out a scream.
 Ryan looked at her as he held her tightly in his arms.
 "Put me down." She said and began to move her hands and legs.
 He was completely unaffected by it in any way. Instead of setting her down, he moved toward the bed.
 "I said put me down. I will leave you soon. I don't want to stay with you."
 He shoved her down into the bed. His eyes looked fiercer. He got mad when he heard her words.
 Allison fell on the bed and gazed at Ryan, who looked mad.
 She sat up and moved back onto the bed. She noticed that her nightgown had slipped up and that it exposed her thighs.
 She quickly adjusted her clothes and cast a glance at the man, who was staring at her with a furious gaze.
 She was taken aback when he grabbed her ankle and dragged her closer to him. He put one knee on the bed and kneeled down to her while bending over.
 "Talk about leaving me once again; I swear I will make sure you can't walk on our wedding day."
 A blush appeared on her face when she realized what he was talking about. Her lips trembled to utter anything, and nothing came out.
 When she felt him coming closer, she tried to keep distance, so she moved back, but lastly, her back fell on the bed.
 He climbed on top of her and focused his attention on her.
 "Just because I am quiet does not mean that you will think to do anything. I don't want to show you another side of mine that will give you nightmares because it will scare you to death."
 She took a deep breath in and then shook her head. "I have seen it during the war." She said and pouted in anger.
 His eyes fell on her lips. Her soft expression surprisingly calmed him down.
 He felt like this woman, who tried to act angry, could not even behave angrily. She looked like a cute kitten in anger.
 He closed his eyes and chuckled, which made her feel startled.
 "Have you gone mad? Why are you laughing? Aren't you angry?" She asked and patted his shoulder.
 He opened his eyes and met hers. She saw his eyes come back to their calmness. She felt somehow relaxed. She did not want to face an angry Ryan either.
 He did not reply to her.
 On the bed, she could feel his hand circling her waist and pulling her closer to him. He lifted the other hand and brushed her cheek with the knuckles of his hand.
 His actions astounded her.
 "Two days ago, you were making a lot of profound statements, such as gripping my heart and all.
 What happened to your bravery?" He asked while fixing his gaze on her face. As he drew closer to her, his body pressed up against hers.
 She felt her wolf howling inside at her mate's touches. She closed her eyes, and tears rolled from her closed eyes.
 "You hurt me, Ryan. I had pure intentions for you. For the last two years, I cried every single night to be with you. I desired to be in your presence. But I have never imagined that you would ever make me feel embarrassed just to kiss you. You hate me, but you also want to marry me. You hate my touch, and you hate my kiss. You feel disgusted around me. You regretted that you said those things in your drunken state. You regretted that you kissed me ba-"
 She stopped when she felt a pair of lips press against her own. Her eyes sprung open, and she looked at him.
 He gave her a pack on her lips and shifted his gaze on her.
 "I was angry with you that time. I have never regretted anything that's related to you."
 Her eyes widened. "But y-you said you don't love me a-anymore."
 He smiled at her and wiped her lips with his thumb, then replied,
 "What do you think? Why did I go to your pack? Don't I want you to be with me? Don't I love you?"
###Chapter 212
Chapter 212
Chapter 212 Allison looked at him in silence for a few moments. Her eyes were fixed on him the entire time. She was able to see that they were unobstructed. For the first time, she could see him through his eyes. There was no hostility, and there was no effort to humiliate her in any way. It was clear to her that he loved her. The way that he looked at her with such devotion and passion was exactly what she had been yearning for. “R-Ryan, do you still love me?” She asked with a soft tone. She desired to know his response. She wanted to hear him in his right mind. “You can guess the answer.” Saying that, he smashed his lips on hers. As he kissed her, she had a shiver that spread throughout her entire body. As he pressed his body against hers, he continued to intensify the kiss by placing his hand on the back of her neck and tilting her head to the side. She wrapped her hands around his neck as she got his answer. She smiled in the kiss as she realized he still loved her. She kissed him back. His lips sucked at her bottom lip and nibbled it delicately. “Ummm” She let out a m uffle when he pushed his tongue into her mouth during the kiss. He planted a passionate kiss on her lips. Then he kissed her hungrily. After they had been kissing for quite a bit of time, he finally pulled away and stared at her. She blushed as her cheeks reddened. “I liked your way of chasing. Why did you stop?” He asked her. “Because I thought you didn’t have any feelings left for me.” She mumbled under her breath. He smooched on her lips and replied, “My love is so pristine that even if you had tried to kill me, I would have still loved you in the same way I did before.” 
Allison experienced a sensation of something heavy leaving her chest. She removed her hands from the back of his neck and cradled his cheeks in her hands. “Please give me back my old Ryan, who I fell in love with. I am tired of everything. I want to forget the past now. I want to be with the man who motivated me all the time and pushed me to lead a happy life.’ His eyes never left her face when she was talking. “I said I wasn’t afraid of you, but I lied. I am frightened of your cold attitude toward me. I hate it. I miss my old Ryan, who always joked around me, who always told me how much he wanted me, who always teased me, and who made me feel like he was the one for me. I want my Ryan back.” She whispered. He heard him clearly since he was so close to her. “I love you, Allison.” She felt her heart s kip a beat. She felt like crying again. But this time, it would be the tears of happiness. “I am still of th a old Ryan who used to come to your house in the middle when you were sleeping just to see you, who did not want oman but only you, who was willing to go against the to be with you, who was ready to do anything just to 59 protect you, who did not tell you about the mate bond and waited for such a long time just to make you fall in love with him.” She was stunned to hear him. It really made her emotional. She lightly pushed him from her body and sat up. The unexpected move that she made seemed to take him by surprise. But the next moment, she hugged him tightly. He embraced her in his arms. He felt relaxed. The weight in his chest, which was steadily getting
heavier with each passing day, was now shifting only very slowly. He made the decision to put the past behind him and move on. He knew it was not her fault at all. He realized that he was punishing this woman without any reason. He understood that it would only make her move away from him, which he did not want. “I love you, Ryan. I love you a lot. I love you more than anyone in this world. I can do anything for you. Just never say that you despise me. I can’t handle your hatred toward me. It will only break me from the inside. You are the love of my life. I have dreamed of being with you. Fate gives me another chance. I don’t want to lose you.” When he heard her, it put a smile on his face. He then responded by stroking her back. “I promise I will never hurt you. You are my woman. I will never allow someone to cause you harm, either.” She broke the hug and looked at him. “You said you liked it when I chased you.” She said while cupping his face. “Yeah, I did like it.” She grinned at him and wrapped her hands around his neck. “Okay.” She leaned into his face and kissed him. He grabbed her waist and pulled her to his chest. She landed in his lap, which caused her to straddle him. She gasped in the kiss. He did not let her break the kiss. His hands roamed around her body. It caused her to moan at the kiss. “Aahh!” His hands reached up and touched her upper robe. He untied the knot of the violet silk robe. She felt him remove the robe from her body and toss it away. She pulled away from the kiss and placed her hands to cover her chest. “R-Ryan” She looked at him shyly. She gulped when she saw his eyes turn orange. He looked hot with a half-
naked attractive body and a handsome face with a pair of dark orange eyes. He turned their bodies to the bed, and her back pressed against the mattress. She was underneath him. He grabbed her hands and moved them away from her chest. He leaned in and kissed the upper area of her breasts that were visible to him. She hissed as he started to suck here and there. She could not help but put her hands on his hair. She pulled him closer to her body as he began to lick her nipples over her camisole. She moaned in pleasure. He suddenly sat up and looked at her. She was perplexed as to why he had abruptly stopped. “My inner beast has been hungry for two years.” She bit her lower lip as she could see his eyes wandering around her body. His eyes turned black. He grinned devilishly at her as he tenderly stroked her thighs with his fingers. “I want to eat you out, baby.” 
###Chapter 213
Chapter 213
Chapter 213 When Allison heard Ryan, her eyes immediately widened. He bent over to her and kissed her cheeks. “Will you let me?” She felt shy about it. She tried to bring her legs close together, but he pressed his hands against her thighs and pulled them apart. “Won’t you?” He asked once again. It appeared as though he had first inquired about her approval before hovering over her. When his lips moved closer to her neck, she immediately shut her eyes. He started to bite her neck, leaving love bites. She moaned when he bite and then licked her skin. She felt his hands lifting her camisole. She grabbed his hand to stop him. He looked at her and said, “I won’t take you. I just want to give you some pleasure that you have never felt before. Trust me. You will like it.” She slowly let go of his hands and closed her eyes. She took a deep breath and nodded her head. While he was removing her camisole, he wore a grin on his face and kept his eyes on her face. When his eyes fell on her body, he uttered under his breath, “F uck!” The lingerie she wore was all black. It highlighted her beautiful skin. Her ravishing body drove him completely insane. His eyes became lustful as they wandered over her alluring curves. As he swallowed in his breath, his Adam’s apple made a moving motion. In his eyes, she was the most beautiful woman in the world. “Allison” He called her names with a deep voice. Allison was too shy to face him in that state. 
“Baby, open your eyes and look at me.” She heard his soft tone and slowly opened her eyes. Her eyes met his. “You are beautiful. You are the most captivating woman in the world. I love you, your body, and most mightily, your soul. Everything in you is mine, and you will have to remember it always.” She smiled at him. “R-Really?” “Yes.” He replied and kissed her. His hands moved to her back and unhooked the upper piece of her lingerie. He removed it from her body and leaned into her breasts. He kissed one slowly and grabbed another softly. “Ryan!” She moaned his name as her fingers ran through his hair. He kissed, sucked, and nipped her breasts. He played with her nipples while looking at her. He was teasing her to see her best reaction. His mouth moved to kiss her belly as he lowered his face. She let out another moan when he inserted his tongue into her belly button. Whe hands reached the final scrap of clothing on her body, they there. He pulled it down and threw it to the floor. she realized that she was lying naked in front of him, she let an audible gasp. She closed her legs tightly in shame. Her blushing face showed how embarrassed she was. He parted her legs and grabbed her thighs. He pulled her closer to him and looked at what she was hiding between her legs. “Beautiful” He murmured as his breath became heavy. Allison heard him and blushed hard. She could see how he was looking at her lower part. She placed her palms on her face to hide her shyness. “Don’t hide yourself. Look at me. Look at what I am going to do. Take a look at what I have in store
for you. Just experience what it is that I am going to make you feel, baby.” She slowly removed her hands from her face and looked at him. He placed his fingers over it, and she flinched. “Take it easy and trust me.” He assured her. He came to her face and kissed her lips. Meanwhile, his fingers. rubbed her down there. She moaned in the kiss. She began to feel strange in a good way. He was trying to make her comfortable with it, and that was why he came to kiss her. He wanted her to feel each and every moment. He made his way down carefully, pausing for a moment with his face on her lower part. When his face leaned close to it, she spoke out, “Ryan” “Don’t break eye contact. I want to see what I make you feel.” Saying that his lips touched her core “Ryan!” She moaned with a gasp. She felt like something kept turning her on inside. His fingers delicately parted her folds, and he licked between them. She did not know what to feel. He was causing her an incredible amount of pleasure by doing this to her. He started to lick her as if it were something he had been eager to do for a very long time. She kept moaning his name, and she felt it messed up her mind. She rolled her eyes, and her toes curled in the bed. As the sensations of pleasure became more intense, she began to take shallow breaths. She glanced at him and found him looking into her eyes directly. It was hot. He was observing her while pleasing her. It was a different kind of desire for him to see his woman like this. Only he could do that to her. His tongue did really well, and at one point, she started to push his head from her lower body. “Ryan, please, I can’t.” 
It was so much pleasure that her whole mind and body were getting wilder. She believed she would not take it anymore. However, he did not stop. In fact, in order to make her remain still, he drew her closer to him and wrapped his arms around her thighs. Allison felt something scrambling inside her lower abdomen. She bit her lower lip to stop herself from moaning more. “Aaahhhh!!” She could not control herself and let out a loud moan as she released herself. When he saw her lying motionless while staring at the ceiling, he licked it all up and smirked at her. She looked as if she had lost all of her energy. He slowly moved upward while kissing her body the entire time. His hands grabbed hold of her breasts, and his mouth attacked her neck. “Did you like it?” He asked with a soft tone as his hands stroked her body gently. His touches were infused with love and devotion at every point. She hugged him and nodded shyly. “Y-Yes.” She replied honestly. He made her feel something that she had never felt before. She could not believe he had seen all of her and behaved so gently with her. She felt him embracing her. His bare chest touched hers as he lay on her body. It made her blush. Her hands slowly caressed over his Black Moon tattoo on his back. He nuzzled his nose against her neck and muttered, “I will never hurt you again.”
###Chapter 214
Chapter 214
Chapter 214 Allison smiled when she heard him she guided and asked If you want “She paused when he raised h o nead to look at her THf you want me to. She wh ores and looked away from him her cheeks were steady furred, and she was at a loop for how to get the its was oman enough to understand what was in her mind restock No need just wanted to give you a little pressure His gaze was gently stroking the features of her face. She had no 1 just want you to sleep soundly for the next few nights. Because on the right of our wedding, I will not allow you to get any rest at all He gave her a sly grin before planting a kiss on one of her breasts She pushed him away from her body. She was feeling shy just hearing He chuckled at her reaction. He drew her in close to his chest and wrapped a blanket around the two of them. “M-My clothes. Let me “No need like to see you like this, I will not do anything. Trust me and she and sound.” st argue with him about it and instead gave him a bear hug. d not believe that he could make her this comfortable that she was lying naked with him under a blanket She was thrilled that he did not judge her body for once. He used to be a play boy, but tonight, she realized that he was actually a one- woman man. Her man. After so long, she finally fell into a restful sleep, free of any anxiety or heartache. “Good night, baby.” She heard him. 
“Good night, Pyan.” The next moming Allison opened her eyes and yawned. She turned her head to the side and noticed that there was no one else in the bed. She thought she was dreaming or Ryan had left. He might regret everything again. As she sat up straight, the blanket slid down from her chest and landed in her lap. At that time, the door of the bathroom opened. She turned her attention to the bathroom just in time to see Ryan emerge from it dressed in a black suit. His eyes fell on her body. Allison lowered her head to her body and immediately covered her chest with the blanket. Ryan gave her a sly grin. He closed the bathroom door and leaned against the door frame. He folded his hands and said, “No need to hide. There’s no reason to be ashamed. There is nothing that I have not yet seen or observed. I have scanned every single inch of your body.” When she heard him, Allison’s jaw dropped to the floor. She was too stunned to respond to him at that moment. It was like the old Ryan had back. She did not know how to react. He straightened his posture and then embarked on a walk in her direction. She gulped as she began to feel nervous. “I was thinking of having breakfast, but after what I am looking at right now, I am feeling thirsty.” “You!” She quickly grabbed a pillow and hurled it in his direction. He laughed as he sidestepped it and dodged it. He loved to tease her. He came to her and sat on the edge of the bed. She held onto the blanket with all of her might. He noticed it and shook his head. “Didn’t I tell you that I wouldn’t do anything?” She nodded at him and averted his eyes. The way he looked at her was something that made her
want to hide herself. She was surprised that so many things happened last night. Ryan forgave her. He apologized to her, too. They came so close to each. other that there was nothing for her to hide from him. She was shocked that he did not do anything later as he said. He controlled his desire and only gave her pleasure. “Ryan, good morning.” She mumbled with a smile on her face while looking at her lap. He removed the hair strand from her face and pushed it behind her, then moved close to her. She felt his lips on her cheek. He gave her a gentle kiss on the left
###Chapter 215
Chapter 215
Chapter 215 “What happened to my neck?” Allison asked, touching her neck. “Hi ckey!!!! Teresa remarked out loud while wearing a radiant grin. Allison instantly attempted to hide her neck and flushed when she realized what had happened. “Did you both have sex last night? What happened? Tell me. Was it angry sex? Both of you were angry. Oh my go d! My plan worked!” Teresa exclaimed, and then she leaped up and down with joy. “Tess, n-nothing happened. We just shot out everything.” “You are telling me that man controlled himself after seeing you in that hot and revealing night dress you were wearing?” Allison frowned and smacked her arm. “You did all that intentionally, didn’t you?” Teresa smirked at her devilishly. “Yes, honey. All of my plans were going wrong. Finally, I could make a plan and patch you up. I am. relaxed.” “He said he loved me but was in anger, so he said those things that morning.” “Such a soft tone for him. Not bad, huh.” Teresa teased Allison. Allison covered her face with her palms. “Stop teasing me.” “Everything is okay now. Your anger has left. You should give me a treat.” “For closing the door from outside and running away?” fooling last night. I was scared just thinking of your Ryan. He doesn’t need time to kill anyone. I was so worried that I did not even let Max touch me.” Allison folded her hands. “Really? But a brave girl was saying last night that she didn’t have any worries, even if we would kill her.” “Allison, I was actually concerned for both of you. That time, I did not have anything in mind except this idea.” She said and winked at her. Allison embraced her in a bear hug. “Not only are you my very best friend, but you are also my
sister. I am grateful to you, Teresa. Thank you, Teresa. Last night, what you did was really bold, but most importantly, you tried your best for us. And it really helped. We had some time to be with each other. He confessed his feelings to me, and I am glad he forgave me and my mistake.” Teresa patted her back. “Everything will be fine now.” Allison nodded her head and broke the hug with a smile. Teresa stroked Allison’s hair and said, “Okay. I came to take you outside. We should go somewhere. Let’s explore the shopping malls here.” “I don’t have any work to do either. Let’s go.” Allison agreed with her. Allison covered up all of the visible love bites with makeup to hide them She put light makeup on her face. hould get permission from Ryan first.” Teresa asserted. lison shook her head and said, “He will send bodyguards with us. No one knows us here, so who can. harm us? I don’t want to grab any attention here. Let’s go without any guards.” Teresa wanted to disagree, but then she realized it was their own pack now. Ryan had won the pack, so all the people were now theirs. “Okay, let’s go then. They were all busy in the pack meeting anyway Allison and Teresa left the pack house and got into Ma/scar Teresn drove it and searched for the best shopping mall on the map During the ride, both of the best friends talked to each other about their plans for the next few days. “Only three days left for your wedding.” Teresa reminded her. “Yeah.” “How are you feeling right now?” “Until last night, I was thinking of leaving everything behind. But right now, I am nervous because I know I will be with Ryan. Standing as a Luna beside a powerful Alpha like him is the toughest thing I would have to do.” “I have no doubt that you would do it perfectly. Don’t put yourself down in your own mind. You are a
stunning omega who comes from pure blood. A true blood Alpha got his pure blood omega. Wow, just thinking about it feels blissful. What a divinely matched pain Allison smiled at Teresa. She felt that her best friend was really the best. She had no envy, no bad intentions, no greed, and nothing to take back. She was the best woman she had ever met.” “Tess, I love you so much. We will share a home together, and I assure you that I will look after you and Max in the same way that you took care of me when I was at my lowest.” “Omg! Luna alert!” They both laughed and seemed to be having a good time during the ride. They went to the shopping mall, where this pack’s members usually go for branding clothes. Teresa was a fan of branding clothes and jewelry. She liked to look her best. That was why most of the people in the Black Moon Pack felt she was impactful. Because she looked royal and behaved like one. They roamed around the shopping mall together. When they arrived in front of the Victoria’s Secret store, Teresa persuaded Allison to follow her inside the store. “Show us the latest product in your store.” Teresa told one of the saleswomen. She displayed a variety of lingerie to them, as well as a few night. dresses that were pretty revealing. “Select the hottest one for your wedding night. It will be your mating night, too.” Teresa said to Allison. Allison’s cheeks flushed as she noticed the saleswoman was grinning at her after hearing Teresa. She reflected on the fact that Ryan had told her last night that she was beautiful. He told her that he liked it when she was chasing him. She decided on red lingerie, and Teresa forcefully purchased a few more for her. Both of them left the store. They realized that they left their phones in the car. But they decided to buy things for them quickly and went back to the car soon. 
They wandered around and bought some dresses. When they headed out of the shopping mall, Allison realized that she had forgotten one of the clothes in the store. “It’s okay. I will go and get it for you. You are free to relax in the car.” As she opened the car door, Teresa made the statement. Allison placed the bags of her hands in the back seat and closed the door. When she opened the front passenger door to sit, she noticed Teresa’s phone was ringing. She bent down and grasped the phone. She took the phone and stood straight. She saw that it was Ryan who was calling. She received the call and answered, “Hello?” “Where are you?” “I am-” A blow to the back of Allison’s head interrupted her train of thought and prevented her from responding to Ryan. She shrieked in agony at the pain. “What happened, Allison? Where are you?” Ryan’s voice came out, almost screaming. Allison turned around and saw a few men. She was unable to utter a sound because the pain in her head was making it spin wildly, and she collapsed to the floor. The phone also fell to the ground. Ryan’s voice was coming out of the phone. “ALLISON!”
###Chapter 216
Chapter 216
Chapter 216 When Allison opened her eyes, she was greeted with a dull ache in her head. She was unable to see anything at all. There was a dark atmosphere all around her. She was in a supine position on the ground. That was the only thing she could figure out. She tried to sit up but failed. Both of her hands and legs were tied up. She was unable to move in any way. “Excuse me? Is there anyone? Help me.” She shouted. Her words reverberated in the space around her. It indicated that she was in a large room that did not have any windows, which could have been a long hall. She was clueless about both her location and the people who had brought her there. She exerted effort to free her hands, but the rope was so tightly bound around them that it was nearly impossible for her to remove it on her own. She heard a few sounds coming from outside. As the door was opened, she noticed that there was now light coming into the room. She was able to make out the outline of several men. They switched and Allison discovered that it was a basement. nded that she was still unconscious by closing her eyes. men walked to her. She was startled when she felt one of their es beneath her chin. “She has not regained consciousness yet! Did you hit her head hard?” A man’s voice echoed in the basement. We hit her head lightly. She will come back to consciousness soon.” Another voice spoke out Allison felt mad at the man who was moving her face with his shoe Her fists tightened. Since her hands were tied behind her back, she tried to open it. She could feel pain while trying, but she could not be weak in front of anyone. “I see. She is beautiful. Her beauty looks pure.” The first man said and removed his shoe from her face. 
He bent down in front of her and grabbed her chin firmly. She tried her best not to react at all. He tilted her head. Another voice spoke out, “She is an omega. She may be a virgin.” Allison’s breath almost stopped when she heard the conversation. She felt disgusted. The hand of that man lingered briefly on her chin before pushing her head to the other side. Because of his push, her head hit the ground. She felt hurt in her head. She almost let out a groan in pain, but Ryan’s face came to her mind. She felt like crying. But it would not help her but only put her in danger. “Alpha Ryan’s girlfriend or mate can’t be a virgin. He is a man of desire. He believed in one-night stands. How can he let his mate go?! have no doubt that he f ucked her countless times. Because of this, she has become so frail that she cannot even regain consciousness after being struck once.” Allison had enough of them. She was about to open it but stopped when she heard footsteps entering the basement. Another voice spoke out, “Why did you bring her here? Didn’t I tell you to kill her Allison felt that the new voice sounded familiar to her. But she could not recognize whose voice it was, “Come on, Charles. You are a man. How can you expect me to let this woman go without playing with her body? I am going to tell her fierce mate how much fun I had with her body when she was naked. That time, he will realize the damage of killing my brother. Allison gritted her teeth as she tried to contain her disgust at what she had just heard from the man standing in front of her. She understood that he was one of Ryan’s enemies, But one thing hit her mind. ‘Charles? Alpha Charles!!! Why did he do that?” “She is not unconscious. She is merely putting on an act. Take a good look at her face. She appears to be frowning. Even her hands are moving behind her.” A voice spoke out. Allison opened her eyes and looked at the people around her. 
The man in front of her was gazing at her and amazed by her. He was a young man. He leaned close to her face. “You don’t look like a soon-to-be Luna of that man’s. You look like a teenage girl. He might have had a great time whenever he thrust inside you.” Allison got so mad at him that she hit his head with hers. The man was taken aback and fell back. “How dare you!” Another man’s voice came into her ear. She turned her head and looked at the man. “Alpha Charles! How could you do this to me and Ryan? Why did you do that? You are the main sub-alpha of Ryan’s pack. How can you You him like this?” Allison asked with a pair of angry eyes. “Listen, woman, I want him to marry my daughter. Last time, because of that dirty witch, my daughter could not get close to him. But now he has a mate, which is not good for my daughter. I will kill you and make my daughter his pack’s Luna.” Allison felt deja vu. Was becoming a Luna so difficult for others too? Last time, Georgiana did precisely the same thing in a different way. Now, this man was trying to kill her for her daughter. The man she hit with her head moved toward her and said, “You had the audacity to hit me, you w h ore. I had considered playing with you, but now, first, I will have you, and then I will let my men have fun with you.” Allison spit on his face. “Dare to touch me, and my man will kill you. That man slapped her on the right cheek with such force that she began to bleed from the corner of her lips. “Jorge, what are you doing? Don’t waste your time on her. Just kill her already.” Charles said with a desperate tone. He did not want to take a risk or waste any time at all. “Ryan killed my brother Easton. My sister and mother had to leave pack. But I am not like them. I am not a coward. I will take 
venge on him.” Allison realized that he was Alpha Easton’s brother. They were currently in the East Flow pack, so it was easy for him to get her, and Alpha Charles helped him since he had a motive. “Listen to me, Jor-” Jorge interrupted Charles by grabbing Allison’s hair and pulling it back. He laughed at her agitated expression and then said, “It’s time to discover what’s hidden beneath these clothes.”
###Chapter 217
Chapter 217
Chapter 217 After hearing Jorge’s statement, Allison was taken aback. She was trapped and had nowhere to escape She was surrounded by other men, all of them were laughing at her. Charles looked pis sed on Jorge but he did not stop him from saying or trying to do anything with her. In fact, he was ready to watch a woman’s disgrace who was the same age as his daughter. Jorge grabbed Allison’s dress and was about to rip it from her body when she growled at him. It was a deep, rumbling sound. Everyone was caught off guard. They did not think that she could let out a powerful growl like this. Her eyes turned ocean blue, and they gasped at it. It was a rare color in their pack. Omegas did not have this pale color of eyes. Her canines came out, and she growled at Jorge once again. Jorge released her hair and stood up. “W-Who is she? You said she is a weak omega.” He said to Charles. Charles was in a state of shock since he was unable to let anything out. Allison felt her wolf take over her. She twisted her hands and tore the rope that tied her hands and legs. She did not know where she was getting this strength, but right now, it was a fight for herself. She could not let these men play with her. She got to her feet and said, “You dared to touch me? My Alpha will not let you go. If you want to wait, you can, but if you come close to me again, I will kill you before Te gan marah heard she and sheds But the moment he touched sted his hand and the hat to the ground “How did you have these skills” Charles asked her with wide eyes Faoish man, you can only do backstabbing You don’t even know 
who am I was the future Lung of the Moonlight Crown pack Twas The ranet June you all hear aboutall these years, but you never got a chance to meet me since your Appra did not allow you to do that More Cranes was shocked by the need heard about Apha Emans June. They said she assessed an atmosphere of coldness ant that she was as 2010 38 ce She was just familiar with how to dea with and perfom her cuties effectively. In addition to that, he tears she gave her best in training so that she could give competition You were Apra Ryan’s brothers fiancee ean, but your Alpha had planned something else, so… She smiled at im and koles the men who came to hit her. Grab ter and meel her down in front of me.” Jorge ordered his men n anger. He was still on the ground. His right hand was broken. He could feel that. All of his men dashed over Allison and grabbed her arms. Leave me if you don’t want to die.” She yelled at them. When they saw Allison was under their control. They felt relaxed. Jorge stood up and walked toward her. “You dared to spit on me. You even broke my hand, I must say Ryan was adamant not to let you go for a reason. He stopped in front of her. Allison tried to break free, but there were +25 BEANS almost six men grabbing her tightly. Jorge grabbed her dress from her shoulder and tore it from her front side. She was terrified by it. She did not look broken or fragile. In fact, she growled and shifted there in anger. All the six men stepped back when they saw such a big white wolf. Her wolf’s size had changed when she found her mate. It came back to the actual size, which was concealed before meeting her mate. She was a pure blood omega. She was more potent than ordinary ranks. 
Her mate was a true blood Alpha. Because of her mate, she got the power to which she was oblivious. It was the power Ryan always talked about that even she did not know what power she held. She was surprised by her own size, but there was not enough time to examine herself at the moment. It was time to see retribution. She ran towards the men who had been attempting to seize her all of these times. She bit their necks and then hurled them to the ground one by one like a feather. She turned to Jorge, who was unmoved. She walked to him. He came back to his senses and punched her before she could attack him. She let out a painful groan as her body hit the ground. He was an Alpha, so he also had some power to fight. She struggled to stand up despite the pain that she was experiencing in her back. At that time, they heard the sounds of cars screeching. All of them looked at each other. “Who made their way here? It is a restricted area.” + 25 BOAUS toblerableoiditoldayards to stand up outside. Charles assureded him. just a few show ads ands, the guards flew inside the room frdrom deside. thap-hap es could not completopise his sentence before a man entered thehe ment with foundtheorizer men. HALPHAT es said loudly and/fetiddelis his knees. He could not believe that at had come the ethere in looked arine love of hepfife wife, who came to save her. He killed an who went to stop hipfrom comicgning to her side. this gaze finally landed on heps, betere furrow formed between eachch brows. He was locking at henwolf wolf. ks, Ryan. “She said in hermedmind was coming to her without breakineating eye contact. 
teps hated when he turned his head agadork looked at Jorge. was frightened by just looking onto Ryon Says eyes. The dark je was enough to tell others who has was. strolled to him, and he stepped back. Heklaglanced ulound the ntent and noticed the place, which was my fbwilled with Ryan’s gls and guards. They even captured phaitian Charles. ed that te here to take revenge for my brother Jorge/spok spoke out. Meal glared at him and turned his head to Allisonllison. Ryan arms Allison felt his mind linked to her. She told him everything, which made him fiercer. His eyes were wide in anger, and he grabbed Jorge’s neck. Jorge tried to shift and fight, but Ryan did not let him do that. “Since you came here for your brother, I should give you a different death than your brother.” Saying that he lifted his right hand in front of his face. He clawed his face. Jorge cried out loud and growled, but it went in vain. Ryan pushed him to Ga mma Colin, who was ready to kill Jorge. He stopped him by raising his hand and ordering, “He has a fantasy to show his manhood to others’ women. So make it easy for him.” Jorge was dumbfounded. He was already in pain as Ryan’s claws left scars on his cheek. It felt like poison, numbing her whole body with pain. Then he heard Ryan’s order, which shook him to the core. “Cut his manhood and show it to the whole pack, especially to the women. Then, kill him. Tell the story to every pack member so that they would never dare to show their bravery to their new Alpha again.” 
Colin nodded his head and dragged Jorge outside with him. Jorge tried to shift, but he was surprised that he was unable to shift. Was that the effect of Ryan’s poisonous claws? Meanwhile, Allison rushed to Ryan. Ryan embraced her in his arms. That big wolf looked lovable in his Lissed her head and let out, “I was afraid that I had lost you once again” Allison and her wolf both had the same feeling They were in love their mate Allison was about to move away from him, but suddenly, he turned her body, and the sound of a gunshot could be heard in the basement Allison’s eyes widened. She looked down and saw blood in her white fur. But it was not her blood. It was feyan’s blood Since they were in a mind link, she screamed out in the link “RYAN!” *
###Chapter 218
Chapter 218
Chapter 218 Allison was shocked. Ryan had just gotten a shot on his right arm. She turned her head and saw Alpha Charles standing with a gun. He was about to shoot once again, but Max ran to him and kicked both of his legs. He fell on his knees. The gun fell to the ground as well. Allison turned her attention to Ryan, who showed no sign of discomfort despite the wound. He was observing Charles as he kneeled on the ground. Allison cast her gaze back to his arm once more. She was seething with rage. When her wolf saw that her mate had been hurt by another person, she went completely insane. As a result, she retreated before hurriedly making her way to Alpha Charles. Because she was so quick, Alpha Charles did not have time to move or grab the gun again. Allison growled at him while running. She bit his right arm, which caused it to become detached from the rest of his body. Alpha Charles let out a piercing scream. He could not believe that he had lost his arm. A pool of blood gushed from his body. Allison glared at him while gritting her teeth. No one could harm her mate. She would not let go of anyone who hurt him. “Not bad, my omega.” She heard a tone of compliment. She turned her head and noticed Ryan coming in her direction. His eyes turned back to black. She could see blood coming out of his arm. There was a small hole visible in his right sleeve, which was stained with blood. We come to a stop beside her and stroked her neck with his left hand. He turned his head to Charles, who was lying on the ground, groaning in pain. “A-Alpha, believe me. I didn’t mean to shoot you.” Charles said with a crying tone. “I know you didn’t want to shoot me because only a fool can think of killing me with a bullet. But since you wanted to kill my woman, tell me, how do you want to die? I always give people a choice. I am not nearly as cruel as other people imagine me to be. Am I right?” Ryan asked his officials.
Since Colin had already left with Jorge, only three of them were there. “Of course, you are right.” Owen said while killing the last man in the basement. Then he focused on Charles. Allison did not know why Ryan was so calm. He was taking the shot really lightly. “Ryan, your hand,” She said in mind link. Her voice was shaken as she was worried for him. Ryan ignored it and lifted his arm. Max understood what he wanted as if he had just mind linked him. Max grabbed the gun from the ground and placed it on Ryan’s palm. Ryan looked at the gun and moved it both left and right while he was looking at it. Alpha Charles was shaking in fear. “You misjudged your Luna. She is not an ordinary omega. My woman can’t be ordinary at all.” While he was saying that, the color of his eyes changed. He appeared to have flames burning inside his eyes, which filled Charles to the brim with dread. Ryan raised his hand and shot at his legs first. Charles screamed in pain. Ryan then shot at his left arm. +25805 “Enjoy looking at him until he dies. Don’t forget to show his body to the pack because both of the bodies will remain as examples for my packs. No one can dare to touch their Luna. If they do, their fate will be the same as theirs.” “NO ALPHA. PLEASE KILL ME.” Charles’ scream echoed throughout the whole basement. He could not take the pain anymore. Death was better than this. It would only take his life away slowly, with unbearable pain. “Okay. Since you were my sub-alpha I can show you a little bit of mercy. You deserve it.” Ryan said and shot the bullet, which pierced his forehead directly. Allison gasped inside. She could see that Charles could not even get the chance to close his eyes. Ryan threw the gun to Vernon and said, “You all keep telling me about this man. I was so busy in my private life that I neglected this matter.
Now everything is solved. Hope you all are happy now.” All of his officials nodded at him. They could be relaxed now. “Pack doctors are waiting for you outside. We mind linked them. They are here already.” Max told Ryan. Ryan heard him and turned to Allison. She saw him looking at her. But the next moment, he picked her up in his arms and started making his way toward the exit door. “Looks like someone is madly in love with his woman. He doesn’t even care for his arm and is holding her in his arms.” Vernon spoke out, and then the other two people laughed. Allison buried her head in Ryan’s chest in embarrassment. “Ryan, your hand. Put me down. It will only hurt you.” She said to him. in mind link. He lowered his head and looked at her. “Then shift. I have informed Teresa to come here with your clothes. She is on the way. Wait for a minute.” “Okay.” She said in mind link. When Allison saw Teresa dash out of a car, she immediately made her way over to her. There were so many cars parked there. “Allison, are you okay?” Teresa asked her. She was crying as she noticed blood on Allison’s body. Before coming here, Ryan scolded him for not informing him before taking Allison out. She admitted that it was her fault. 2 Ryan put her down. “Give her clothes. She will shift.” Ryan told Teresa. She immediately nodded. He looked at Allison and said, “I am going inside. Doctors are here to treat my wound. No one will come here to disturb you. Everyone will be inside. Just tell me when you are done.” There was no driver since everyone drove their own cars while coming here. The doctors rushed behind Ryan with medical quipment and went inside the basement to treat his wound. Allison hurriedly shifted back and put on the dress that Teresa had given her. She rushed to the
basement. She saw Ryan shirtless. The doctors checked on Ryan’s arm and pulled out the bullet. She was staring at the strong man all the time. When the doctors were done with bandaging it, they bowed to him. Ryan’s eyes fell on Allison, who was standing at the door, gazing at his wounded arm. +25 RONDS He headed to the door of the basement. Teresa went inside with Max and gave the two of them some private time. Ryan wrapped his hand around Allison’s shoulder and turned around to the outside. “Why are you crying, baby? You were so strong a few minutes ago.” Allison realized that she was crying. She hugged his bare chest and sobbed. “I can’t see you getting injured like this.” He gave her a chuckle before stroking her hair. “In most cases, your man won’t suffer any injuries. It does not happen often. Therefore, I can promise you that you won’t have too many complaints about it.” “I was shocked looking at my own wolf, Ryan. But I could feel the strength inside me. It’s because of you, isn’t it?” He shook his head and broke the hug. He cupped her cheeks. “It’s because you are powerful, baby. You have the ability to fight anyone back. What do you think? Why didn’t I stop you from going to war that night?” She was surprised to hear him. He smiled at her and pecked her lips. She looked away and noticed others coming out of the basement. “Everyone is coming here. They will see us.” “So? Can’t I now kiss the woman who is going to be my wife in a few days?” Her eyes lit up when she heard him calling her wife. He caressed her cheeks and said, so back to our pack, the Black Moon Pack.”
###Chapter 219
Chapter 219
Chapter 219 “Max, drive the car.” As Teresa saw Allison and Ryan make their way to a car, she turned to Max and told him to drive. Because Ryan had sustained an injury to his right arm, he could not drive the car. Max smiled at Teresa and nodded his head before walking up to the car. Max interrupted Ryan just as he was about to open the front door for Allison by stating, “I will drive the car. You both can sit in the back seat.” “No, I can drive,” Ryan said to him. Allison held Ryan’s hand and said, “No, you can’t. Let’s sit in the back.” Ryan gave her a thoughtful look and drew closer to whisper in her ear. “Why do you think I can’t drive? Did you forget how I drove the car with one hand when you were sleeping in my arms?” Allison blushed at hearing his words. She recalled about that evening. She bit her bottom lip to control her smile while thinking about that time. Max patted Ryan’s shoulder and asked, “If you two have your moments done, then let’s go?” Allison requested Ryan, “Please, let Max drive today. We four can go together. We can even take a rest in the back seat, you know.” “As you wish, my queen.” Ryan said and opened the back door of the car for her. She smiled at him and got inside. Ryan sat next to her. Teresa hurried to the car and got in the front seat next to Max, who was going to drive the car. Allison was concerned that Ryan’s arm might be bleeding, so she continued looking at it throughout the entire ride and examining it from time to time. “Don’t worry. It’s not hurting. It will be fine soon.” Ryan assured her and pulled her to his chest with his left hand. 
She rested her head on his chest. He was still shirtless. Because of his arm, he decided to remain shirtless until he reached the pack house. Allison kissed his tattoo and raised her head to look at him. He was about to come close to kissing her lips when Teresa spoke out, Omg! Our Alpha and Luna are making out behind us.” Allison immediately moved away from Ryan. She almost forgot that the other two people were also in the car. Max glanced at the back seat through the rear mirror. Ryan glared at Teresa and said to Max, “Your mate is such a disturbance, Max.” Max scoffed at him and replied, “Because of my mate, you two could get the opportunity to reunite. Don’t forget that.” Teresa nodded at him and leaned in to hug her mate. “Max, your best friend is so ungrateful.” Ryan rolled his eyes at her words. “I am not ungrateful. I was impressed by you every time you made an effort for your best friend. Because of this reason, I arranged a second honeymoon for you and your mate.” Teresa gasped and turned back to look at Ryan. “Alpha, are you telling me the truth?” “No, I was just kidding.” “Argh! This is not funny at all.” Teresa said and sighed in disappointment. “Don’t be sad. I was not lying. I scheduled everything. I planned mine, so I thought you two should go to have some time together Teresa’s eyes lit up. Allison was also surprised. She gave Ryan a bright grin and asked, “So we four are going together?” Ryan frowned at her. “Baby, why did you think that? Didn’t I mention it’s their second honeymoon? They are going together to have alone time.” “Oh,” Allison whispered. Ryan kissed her cheek and chuckled. “I am talking about honeymoon, not any tour with friends. Maybe you don’t know how everything
goes on a honeymoon. No worries, I will make sure you will never forget it.” Allison’s cheeks reddened. The two people in the front seat were very happy about themselves, but they were happier for their best friends. When they reached the Black Moon Pack, they saw everyone waiting for them outside the pack house. Allison got out of the car. Her mother rushed to her. “We heard what happened in the East Flow Pack. Are you okay?” “Yes, Mom. I am okay. But Rya-” She paused and turned to Ryan, who had just come out of the car in a sleeveless black shirt. He put it on before coming out. Everyone’s attention turned to him. “Ryan!” Ella screamed and ran to her son. “What happened to your arm?” She asked while holding his other arm. “What happened, my son?” Alpha Nejl asked. “Are you okay?” Glen, Allison’s father, asked. Ethan remained quiet and did not ask anything since everyone was asking Ryan about it. “It’s just a normal wound. Don’t worry, everyone.” “Do you need me to call Linus? He is here.” Ethan said. “No. My arm is fine. A little bullet can’t harm me.” “Bullet!” Neil mumbled with wide eyes. Ella started to cry. Ryan hugged her and told her that he was fine. Everyone then asked Allison if she was okay or not. Allison assured them that she was totally fine, and all thanks to Ryan. All of them entered the pack house. Allison felt at home. She was just out of the pack for two days but she felt that it had been a long time since she left this place. Joey suggested everyone take a shower, and they would cook a meal for them since it was late at night. All of them agreed and went to their rooms. Allison went to take a shower. She was glad that everything was good now. When she left the
house, she had never thought that when she would return, everything would have changed like this. After taking a shower and changing her clothes, she came out of her room and went downstairs. She saw everyone in the living room, Ryan was there as well. Allison noticed Elora walk to Ryan and said, “Ryan, I was so worried. I thought I lost my family.” Ryan smiled at her warmly and patted her head. “You don’t have to be concerned. I am totally fine.” Allison did not mind it at all, nor did Ethan take it negatively. They were aware that Elora did not have anyone else in this world besides Ryan. She thought of him as her family. Elora smiled at him back. She turned to Allison and came to hug her. Elora whispered in her ear, “I am sorry for what my mom did to you. I wish a beautiful life for you with Ryan, Allison.” Hearing her, Allison stroked her back. “Thank you, Elora. I also wish for you the same as Ethan.” Elora broke the hug. Allison could see a blush on her cheeks, which she tried to hide. She wondered if something happened between Ethan and Elora in two days. She glanced at Ethan, who was looking at Elora. “Ethan” Ryan spoke out. Everyone’s attention turned to him. Ethan looked at him and asked, ” Yes?” “I want to hand over the Moonlight Crown Pack to you. That’s your possession. Be the head Alpha of that pack once again.”
###Chapter 220
Chapter 220
Chapter 220 Everyone was surprised after hearing Ryan. Ethan was stunned by it Ryan walked to him and patted his shoulder. “That’s your pack jer helped to win it because your wolf was not reacting at that time. But your wolf will get back to you soon, So I want you to take back your pack, which I was just protecting for a few days.* Alpha Neil could not believe his son could be this great. He won the pack, yet he was giving it back to his brother. Neil felt emotional about it. He could not help but think, ‘Brother, see my two sons. They are together and standing for each other. We are all happy. Hope you can see this. Ethan stared at Ryan for a minute. They were waiting for his response. But nothing came out of his mouth. Suddenly, he hugged Ryan. Everyone felt blissful looking at them. “Thank you.” Ethan muttered. Ryan hugged him back. He patted his back and said, “It’s okay. Don’t become emotional like that night. It’s your pack There is nothing to be thankful about.” Ethan broke the hug and shook his head. “Thank you for showing care. Your thought of giving me back is enough for me to be grateful to you.” “So when will you join? Should I announce it tomorrow?” “No. I don’t want that pack.” The statements he made left other individuals bewildered. Ryan +25 SONOS looked at him with a frown. “Then which pack do you want? Just tell me. I can hand it over to you.” “Ryan, I don’t want any packs. That Moonlight Crown pack was always yours. It’s just that I wanted to prove to mom and dad my capability, so I took the responsibilities off their shoulders. About other packs, I don’t want to be a head Alpha anymore.” 
“Ethan!” Alpha Neil let out his name in shock. Ethan turned to Neil and smiled at him. “Dad, all of my life I did what you wanted. I always wanted to impress you. I always tried to be with you. I never heard my heart, but I always followed your laws and regulations. Can’t you just let me do what I want just once?” Alpha Neil was astounded by Ethan’s words. He stared at him and realized that all these years, he had pressured this young boy so much that he could not even live his life like other boys. “What do you want, Ethan?” Ryan asked him. Ethan looked at him and replied, “I want to stay here with my family. I don’t want any power anymore. I was never hungry for it anyway. People know me and have witnessed my skills. That’s enough for me. Now all I want to do is be with my family.” Ryan was silent. Ethan chuckled, thinking about something, and remarked, “I was really jealous of your carefree life, brother. Now, let’s reverse it. It’s your time to take your family’s responsibility, and I will live a carefree life where I won’t have to think about anything else.” Everyone had tears in their eyes. They could not believe Ethan chose to be with his family. It was a very big decision. If there were someone else, he would have been feeling jealous of Ryan. But he didn’t feel envious. In fact, all he wanted was to join the family forever. Ryan gave him a smirk in response. Oh, no, big brother. I can’t let you go so easily. You can live a great life, but you can’t just leave all the responsibility to your brother. You should take some of it.” “Then make me your sub-alpha. I can stay beside you. I have no interest in possessing any thrones.” Ryan gave him a nod before turning his attention to Owen. “In the morning of tomorrow, make the announcement that all of the new packs will be merged. The name ‘Black Moon Pack’ will also be used for the two new packs. Don’t forget to announce the Black Moon Pack’s new sub-Alpha, Ethan Iversen. Spread the word among the entire pack that he is Alpha’s brother. He has all the right as their Alpha.” The look of surprise on Ethan’s face was palpable. He was taken aback when Ryan bestowed upon
him such authority. “Yeah, except for one right, which is removing his current Alpha from his position.” Ryan said this and winked at Ethan. Ethan chuckled at him and hugged him again. Ryan hugged him back. The mood in the pack house was one of joy and celebration. They were making preparations for the wedding that was going to take place soon Aft meal with everyone, Ethan talked with Allison about e asked her if she was okay. Allison informed him that ppy with Ryan and nervous about her wedding. She ed him to be honest with Elora about how he felt about her. Ethan noticed Elora heading to her room, he cast a quick nce in her direction. He gave some consideration to carrying out Allison’s advice. Elora, meanwhile, couldn’t hide her happiness for Ryan. Finally, he was going to tie the knot with the woman who had been the love of his life. She went into her bedroom and was about to shut the door when she was interrupted by a hand that seized the door and prevented her from doing so. Elora saw that it was Ethan. She opened the door wide. “Ethan?” Ethan entered the room and closed the door behind him. Elora’s face became red as a result of his action. She glanced away from him to hide the flush on her cheeks, and then she asked, “Do you have anything to talk about? You have never come at this hour before.” “I want to talk to you, Elora.” When she heard his deep voice, she turned her attention to him. It sounded profound. “Yes?” Ethan appeared to be quite serious. He moved closer to her and took both of her hands in his. “I know we are not mates anymore. But I also know how I feel about you.” She inhaled deeply before turning her gaze away from him. 
“If I want, I can propose to you for marriage and fix the wedding at any time. I know you will agree with me too. But I won’t do that.” She stared at him with terror in her eyes. She thought he would reject her heart just like she rejected him to break the mate bond. “I want to know you first. I want to chase you. I want to give you all the love you were seeking. I didn’t forget the words that you said when I was lying in bed. I want to give you my time to make you fall for me deeper.” Tears fell on her cheeks. She was surprised that Ethan had turned out to be a gentleman. He thought about her so much. “Do you know from whom I learned it?” She could not reply, but he could see she also wanted to know. “From my brother. He taught me what love is. He taught me that you should never force someone into a relationship where there is no love. He never disclosed to us that Allison was his mate. In fact, he ran for Allison’s heart. He chased her. She fell for him. Their love is pure. They are not forced into any mate bond but into a bond that is connected with their hearts.” Elora nodded her head and hugged him. “Thanks for coming into my life, Ethan. I love you.” “I love you, too,” Ethan replied, kissing her head. 
###Chapter 221
Chapter 221
Chapter 221 The Wedding Day “I have never seen such a beautiful bride before!” The other ladies in the room nodded their heads in agreement. “I can’t believe what will happen to our Alpha today. He will be blown away by your beauty.” Teresa spoke out once again while looking at the woman, who was staring at herself in the mirror. “Allison, say something.” She said to her. Allison couldn’t help but cr ack a smile as she continued to listen to her best friend lavish praise onto her. It was time for the wedding, and she was prepared. All the A-class makeup artists were arranged for her. Indeed, she possessed a stunning appearance. She lowered her head and gently stroked the white bridal gown that she was wearing, which had been designed by the most talented designer in their pack. Ryan arranged everything best for her. She was delighted that she was going to spend the rest of her life with the person who loved her the mo ed for her the most, could not bear to see her upset, and erything in the world to see a smile on her face. We eeled beside her. There was a tray in her hands, which was in red velvet cloth. A pair of white heels were placed on the was shining under the simple light of the room. ase, Luna.” The lady said and put the shoes near Allison’s legs. Allison put on the heels and thanked the lady, who stood up and then bowed to her. Everyone started to call her Luna since today was the day everyone was waiting for. 
Allison turned to Teresa, who could not move her eyes from her best friend. best Allison grinned at her and gave her a compliment. “When my friend is looking so beautiful in this lavender dress. How can I not put an effort into looking beautiful? People should know that we are besties.” ere. All Teresa laughed and hit her arm lightly. “My lil baby, come here. When did you become so big to get married?” She said and hugged Allison like a mother. Allison hugged her back. She knew how much effort Teresa had put in to reunite her and Ryan. She was blessed to have a best friend like her. “Though I am already married, no one can stop me from becoming my best friend’s bridesmaid.” Teresa said and grabbed a bouquet of flowers that was placed on the bed. There was another bouquet left on the bed. Allison glanced at it and asked, “Tess, where is she?” A ent, the door of the room was opened. A woman in a pink ered the room. sorry. I am late.” kay, Elora. I am happy that you came for me.” ora smiled brightly and came to hug her. “Such a pretty bride!” Allison shook her head. “What about you? You look so-” “Hot?” Teresa interrupted Allison. “Yeah,” Allison said, smirking. Everyone knew what the reason was behind her smirking. “I think it’s your wedding, Allison, but someone else is going to be banged tonight,” Teresa said to Allison, then turned to Elora. She winked at her. “Tess! Stop teasing me.” Elora said to Teresa in a fake, angry tone. Allison laughed while looking at them. She was happy that she could become friends with Elora.
She would be Ethan’s mate soon, and once again, that was for sure. All of them would start to live happily together with their mates. “It’s time. Where are yo-” Joey came to the room but stopped when her eyes fell on her daughter. “Allison, my beautiful daughter.” “Mom” Allison walked to her and hugged her. She could feel her mother crying. “Mom, don’t cry.” “Yes, Aunt. Don’t cry. You will destroy your mascara. Everyone chuckled upon hearing Teresa. She knew when and where to talk to cheer others up. She knew how to handle situations. That was why she was a tough woman in this pack. Joey broke the hug and cupped Allison’s face. “I hope you will get all the happiness in your life with the love of your If You two will be together forever and grow old together.” “Thanks, Mom,” Allison replied as her eyes turned teary. “As Teresa said, don’t cry. It will ruin your makeup.” She nodded at her and smiled. Joey looked at Teresa and Elora, then said, “Let’s go. Everyone is waiting outside.” They nodded, and she left the room. Teresa and Elora stood next to Allison, and they stepped out of the room. The wedding ceremony was organized in the biggest hall room of the Black Moon Pack, which was a few steps away from the pack house. Allison’s nervousness began to intensify as they approached the hall room’s large gate. The door was opened for her and the guards, and they announced her arrival. Everyone stopped what they were doing and focused their attention on the bride. She slowly walked on the red carpet, passing the guests on both sides, who were standing before
their seats. When Teresa and Elora saw Allison’s father, they immediately came to a stop. She gazed at Elora, and Elora gave a small nod in response to her gaze. Allison’s head was held high, but her eyes remained fixed on the floor the entire time. She was too nervous to look up at the stage. Teresa gave the bouquet to Glen and said, “Incle you and Aunt can take her to the stage.” +25 AGNUS Glen grabbed the bouquet and headed to Allison. Joey smiled at Teresa and Elora as she was surprised by their thoughts. She also joined Glen. When Allison saw both of her parents there with her, she felt like crying. It was going to be an unforgettable moment in her life. She climbed the stage, but her steps halted when she saw a hand appear in front of her eyes. When she looked up, her heart was on the verge of stopping for a moment. It was Ryan. In his all-black suit, he had an astonishingly dashing appearance. The way he was looking at her was full of love. Allison perceived her father to be shaking when he placed her hand on Ryan’s palm and spoke in a tone as if he were about to cry at any moment. “She is not only our daughter but also our life. Please take care of her. Ryan held her hand softly and smiled at Glen. “She is my life too. I promise that I will protect her till the very end of my life, and even after I am gone, no one will dare to look at her.” 
###Chapter 222
Chapter 222
Chapter 222 All of the people in the hall could hear Ryan’s words. All the Alphas of different packs came to attend the wedding; they also heard it and felt fear inside, as if Ryan said it out loud to make them hear it. Both Glen and Joey appeared content with the response that was given. On the other hand, Allison was taken aback. How was it possible for someone to love another person so deeply? He started to proceed with her to the center of the stage. She was stunned when she noticed something in his hand. He was wearing the watch she gave him on his birthday. She was shocked that he still kept it with him and did not break it in anger when all of these things happened in the past. Allison looked at his face, which looked delighted as if he was the happiest person in the world. She felt lucky to have him in her life. She made a promise to herself that she would never stop loving this man and that she would always be by his side. They came to a halt in the center. “You are the most stunning woman in my entire world, yet I have no words to describe how you look right now. But I will express my feelings later.” Allison heard Ryan, which turned her cheek flush. Her gaze wandered to the others in the hall. She could tell by the look on Ryan’s parents’ faces that they were thrilled for their son. Ethan was standing beside Elora, and Max was standing next to Teresa. They looked happy as well. Ryan’s officials were cheering for them. Her eyes paused at her two people. “Ciara and Diva?” She mumbled. “I invited them here for you.” She heard Ryan’s voice. She turned to him and smiled at him. “Thanks, Ryan.” As soon as the priest started speaking, everybody became silent. “It’s time to take vows.” 
Allison felt nervous once again. She felt a thumb caressing over the back of her hand. Ryan was soothing her. She took a deep breath and heard the priest. “Do you, Alpha Ryan Iversen, accept Omega Allison Clark as your mate, wife, and the Luna of your pack?” As she waited to hear from him, she nibbled the bottom lip nervously. “Yes, I do.” When she heard Ryan reply in his deep voice, she felt her heartbeat quicken and her breathing become more shallow. “Do you, Omega Allison Clark, accept Alpha Ryan Iversen as your mate, husband, and the only Alpha of your life?” She closed her eyes and nodded her head. “Yes, I do.” Those expressions of love and commitment to one another were more than just vows; they reflected genuine feelings. “Congratulations! I pronounced that the two of you are now husband and wife.” The priest said it in a happy tone. Everyone immediately began applauding and cheering for the newlywed pair. The priest presented them with a pair of rings, which were set on a platter that had been covered in a piece of velvet in a black color. The two rings shone brightly beneath the enormous chandelier that dangled from the ceiling. Ryan took the ring. Allison did not have to lift her hand because she realized Ryan never left her hand after she came to the stage. He lifted her hand and put the ring on the ring finger of her left hand. She also put the other ring on his ring finger. “You two may now kiss each other in front of everyone to seal your love and marriage.” Allison felt shy since her parents were there. But it was tradition, so they would have to do it. 
When she felt him approaching her, she shut her eyes and drew in her breath. He cupped her cheeks. She was stunned when she felt a kiss on her forehead. She immediately opened her eyes and looked at him. He smiled at her and said, “A kiss of my promise to never disappoint you in your life and shower you with my devotion, which is deeper than the ocean.” Eve was surprised. Other Alphas used to think that he was a longing, but now he did demonstrate to them that he truly his wife. e descending the stage, Ryan put his arm around Allison’s waist. eir parents came to them and hugged them. Neil embraced Ryan. Finally, my son became a responsible man. Ruling a pack is a great duty, but running a family is the greatest responsibility.” Ryan grinned at him. His mother hugged him, then Allison. The same went with Alison’s parents. Ethan smiled broadly at them before umering “Congratulations.” Thanks big brother Ryan said and hugged him. It was the very first time that he took the indeve to hug him, and Ethan was overjoyed by the gesture. They received congratulations from Eora as well. Teresa hugged Allison and did not move away from her for a few seconds “My babe is now mamed. Teresa remaned while planting a peck on Allison’s cheer Ryan’s officals came to congratulate them, but seeing Allison and Teresa, they chucked 1 am confused about who got married Max remarked. Everyone chuckied at neang tim Teresa gares at Max. Dont make fun of me I will not allow you to sleep on the bed tonight.” “Okay, we will sleep on the floor e Teresa’s jaw dropped She whispered to Allison. Sea? He has also become shameless while being with me.” Others heard her hushed voice, and they all laughed 
Allison cast her gaze over Diva and Clars. She made her way over there to talk to them. They congresulated her Allison found her new casemates there. She talked to then too. I beauty worge came to her Day by day, she was getting younger by sower Perhaps this was the reason why people referred to them as the ‘Youth of Magic’. “Aurelia” “Congratulations, Luna.” Aurelia said. Allison held her hand and said, “I am grateful to you. You have always supported me.” “All thanks to our Alpha.” She engaged in conversation with her for a considerable amount of time. Allison witnessed a large number of witches from the coven come to attend the wedding of their Alpha. The cake was cut after a few minutes, and then everyone had their dinner later. When it was time to toss the bouquet, Allison was excited. Her target was the only one. She turned around and tossed the bouquet over her head. When she turned to see, her face had a bright smile. It was tossed to Elora. She was holding the bouquet. Everyone looked at Ethan, who was scratching the back of his neck. while smiling. After saying their goodbyes to everyone, Ryan and Allison got into Ryan’s car R son that they were not going back to the pack house e had planned something for her. came to a complete halt in front of a mansion. Ryan helped et out of the car. Wow! Where are we?” 
“First, this.” Ryan declared while putting a black cloth over her eyes and blindfolding her. He reached out and took her hand before proceeding towards the house. He unlocked the door and led her inside. He closed the door behind him and took off her blindfold. The moment the black cloth was removed from Allison’s eyes, her eyes widened, and she let out a gasp. GET IT NOW
###Chapter 223
Chapter 223
Chapter 223 “So beautiful!” Allison caught herself concentrating on the details of the home’s interior. Scented candles provided illumination throughout the entire house, which was decorated with the petals of roses. Her sense of smell was fascinated by the aroma of those candles and roses, which gave off a scent that was reminiscent of paradise. “You liked it?” She heard Ryan’s whispers in her ear. She turned around with a bright smile and replied, “Ryan, it’s so beautiful. You planned all of this for me? Why didn’t you tell me?” He wrapped his arms around her waist and smiled at her. “It was a surprise, baby.” She took a few moments to take in her surroundings before saying, “Then I should also give you some surprises.” He moved his head down while he was pulling her closer to him. He nuzzled her nose with his. “You don’t have to give me any surprises, my love. Because you are a present to me from the Moon Goddess. I don’t want anything in my life except you. I don’t care about anything else in this world as long as you are in it with me. You are such a blessing in my life.” She felt her eyes become teary upon hearing his words. She wrapped her hands around his neck. “Ryan, I have made so many mistakes in the past. You are still in love to this extent! It’s hard for me to believe that the Moon Goddess created you for me.” He lifted his hands to her cheeks and wiped her tears away with his thumbs, which had just landed on her cheeks. “I know it’s not a tear of sadness, but you know I can’t see you crying.” She showed her appreciation for him by hugging him and nodding her head. He hugged her tightly
and stroked her back. When she broke the hug and turned, she walked around the house. “Is this your house?” She asked him, After removing her high heels, she walked barefoot on the flower petals. When the delicate petal made contact with her foot, the sensation was very calming. “Yeah. One of my houses.” She turned her head toward him. “Houses? Do you have another house?” “Yeah. I bought villas in every pack after winning it. From each of them, you can see a good view, and they are all in a less crowded. area.” “Oh, wow.” Saying that, she proceeded to a flower vase, which caught her attention. She touched the vase and smelled the flowers inside. “Ryan, I was think-” A set of arms suddenly wrapped around her waist and pulled her attention away from what she was saying. “What were you thinking?” Ryan asked as his lips touched her ear. She gulped and could not say anything. She felt him licking her earlobe. When he sucked her earlobe, she gasped He turned her around and pushed her against the wall behind her “I couldn’t tell you how you look in this bridal dress She looked into his eyes. His gaze was traveling across her to examine her features. “You are the most beautiful woman in my world. You have the appearance of a powerful and breathtakingly gorgeous women She blushed after hearing him. “Thank you” She let out a soff tone He leaned on her neck and started to kiss. He moved her ear to her ear and whispered, 
“But I would love to break you underneath me tonight With his words, his arms tightened around her waist. She felt a shiver all over her body from his deep tone and the meaning of his words. He moved to her neck once again, then began to leave butterfly kisses. He gave her a small bite on the collarbone, and she reacted by grabbing both of his arms. He made a slight movement and gazed at her face He smirked at her and said, “I always try to protect you from myself. But who can save you from me now? Welcome to my den, Allison.” Before she could respond, he leaned in and smashed his lips on hers. It was a heated kiss. He kissed her hungrily. She kissed him back. His hands began to explore her entire body as he moved them over her clothing. They halted on the back chain of her bridal gown. He only needed one pull to open the chain all the way. She parted her lip in surprise, and he inserted his tongue into her mouth. While his hands traveled down her bare back, his tongue teased her and played with her. His mind messed with the desire to have her. All these times, he only controlled himself, but tonight, he would not do that. After a moment, he pulled away from the kiss and lifted her into his arms. She had a flushed face as she continued to stare at him. He proceeded up the stairs and entered the bedroom after opening the door. She looked at the room, and she could not be more surprised. The whole room was full of candles, just like downstairs. But what drew attention was the bucket that was full of flowers and also contained something else. Alongside the flowers were arranged a variety of flavored condoms. She was placed on the bed by Ryan. She diverted her gaze to avoid meeting his. He chuckled at
her shyness. He removed his coat and hurled it on the ground after tossing it off. He unbuttoned his shirt one by one. “I love your shyness, but I would love it if you-” She interrupted him by lifting her hands for him. “Come here.” He was stunned. He got in bed and leaned down on her. She grabbed the shirt and pulled it down from his shoulders. She knew what he wanted to say. She was shocked when she saw there was no wound in his right arm. It healed so fast like magic! He kissed her and took off her long dress from her body. His eyes widened when they fell on her body. She was wearing hot red lingerie, which drove his mind crazy. Allison noticed his expression and bit her bottom lip. She bought it when she went shopping with Teresa. She was confident enough to wear it. But now, the way he was looking at her body, she wanted to hide somewhere. “Allison, you have no idea what is going through my mind right now. I will destroy you tonight in every possible way. 
###Chapter 224
Chapter 224
Chapter 224 Allison tried to hide the redness in her cheeks by placing her hands over her face. However, he took hold of her wrists and climbed on top of her. She breathed in when his lower part touched hers over her clothes. She could feel the bulge. He started to kiss her. The kiss turned wilder when he began to grind their lower parts together. She moaned in the kiss as she started to feel a sensation in her body. He unhooked the top piece and threw it somewhere. “Ah! Ryan!” She bit her bottom lips when he fastened his motion. When his lips brushed over her breasts, it caused her to jerk her entire body. It was an excessive amount of pleasure for her. “I haven’t even let my beast out of its cage yet. If you can’t handle this pleasure, then what will you feel when I am inside you?” He asked while gazing at her. She looked at him, and he did not break eye contact. He shucked her bare breasts and twisted her buds in order to bring her greater pleasure. His hands moved to her bottom piece. He pulled it down and sat up. He touched on it, and she moaned again. He stroked her and then inserted his fingers inside to stretch it so that she would not feel much pain later. It was difficult for her to take three fingers together. She felt pleasure but pain, too. Her eyes were closed. So when he stopped, she opened them to look at him. She witnessed him removing his pants in front of her. Her mouth dropped open in utter disbelief when he removed his underwear. He was so big. “Liked it?” He asked with a deep voice. She looked away in shyness. She squeezed her thighs and rubbed them together a little as she felt wet between them. As he approached her to sit between her thighs, he said, “I want you to part your legs for me.” 
She closed her eyes and slowly opened her legs for him. He grinned and sat between her legs.. His hands rubbed her upper thighs, which made her feel goosebumps all over her body. Her head fell back when his member touched her entrance. He slowly rubbed them together first, then moved away from her. She looked at him as to why he stopped and teased her. He leaned down to her and asked, “Strawberry or chocolate?” hich one do you like, baby?” ne was silent. So he said, “Don’t be shy with me, baby. Tell me.” “S-Strawberry.” She replied and blushed. He nodded at her and crashed their lips together. She could feel his member touching her entrance once again. He moved his lips to her neck and left open mouth kisses. The next thing she felt was a hard push inside her. “Aaaahhh!” She screamed in pain. It was something that caused a lot of agony. She never thought it would hurt like this. “Don’t worry, baby. It will ease soon.” She heard him as he rubbed his nose on her cheek. He did not move for a minute and kept kissing her body as if giving. her time to loosen up. He moved his head to look into her eyes. “The pain will turn into pleasure. I swear, I will give you much pleasure to repay this pain I have caused you.” Saying that, he moved his waist. She felt empty inside as he took out his member. But the next moment, he pushed inside her again. He began to thrust, and her body kept moving on the bed with each thrust. She felt pain, but it was not like how she felt at first. He leaned in to kiss her to divert her mind. She wrapped her arms to cooperate with him. She did not tell him that it was hurting because she was able to see the satisfaction on his face while he was
thrusting inside her. She kin ar im back. He wrapped his arms around her waist and so tight!” banging on her with pleasure. His body was heated by the e was feeling right then. His member kept throbbing every time. clenched around him. Allison’s eyes widened when she started to feel a great immunity to pleasure. The pain was decreasing, and it really turned into pleasure. Ryan was right. He was really giving her pleasure. “RYAN!” She screamed his name when he hit her soft spot. Her mouth was slightly ajar as she tried to suppress the need to cry out in response to the thrill that she was experiencing. He grabbed her breasts and licked them wildly. She could not take so much pleasure, so she held his hand to stop him playing with her breasts. It was a double pleasure. But he grabbed her wrists, locked them over her head with one hand, and kept kissing her breasts. His other hand moved in the midst of her folds as it brushed against them. While he was pushing inside of her, he stroked his thumb over the area. “I-I can’t, please.” She cried out aloud, as it was too much for her. When he said he would destroy her tonight, he didn’t lie to her. His eyes turned orange when he saw how her body was moving underneath him. When he peered into her eyes, his inner wolf awoke and took over. As she let her wolf take control of her, her eyes changed color to a deep ocean blue. They kissed each other passionately, as if they couldn’t get enough of that sensation. He moved to
her neck. His canines came out, and he pierced them inside her to make her his forever. “Aaaaahh!” +26 BONUS Allison screamed when she felt like two sharp blades pierced inside her neck. He marked her. She closed her eyes, and tears rolled down her cheeks. It was a painful pleasure for every she-wolf when their mates marked them. After he had finished marking her, Ryan extracted his canines from her neck. He observed that she had blood dripping from her neck. He licked her wound to heal and seal it forever. When he licked her wound, all the pain washed away. She could only feel pleasure. He started to thrust roughly, and she felt she was going to come out. They came together with a deep thrust. She closed her eyes and exhaled deeply. He burried his face in her neck for a long time while hugging her. Allison felt all of the energy drained. Ryan moved away from her and grinned when his eyes fell on her body. Her body was full of the traces of his love. His eyes shifted to her neck. He could see two black stars there. Allison opened her eyes and looked at him. She could feel a new strength inside her after he marked her. It was a king-sized bed. Because the side of the bed on which she was lying was damp, he pulled her by her waist and laid her on the other side of the bed. He laid down next to her and pulled her to his chest. She smiled when she felt his lips on her forehead. “I love you, Ryan.” She said and hugged him tightly. 
He replied with a smile, “I love you too, Mrs. Ryan Iversen.”
###Chapter 225
Chapter 225
Chapter 225 Happy Ending Part: 1 ONE YEAR LATER A woman came out of the bathroom while rubbing her wet hair with a white towel. She was dressed in a royal green gown. After tossing the towel on the couch, she lifted her hand and stroked a wolf necklace that was hanging around her neck. Her eyes landed on the man who was sleeping on the bed. “Ryan, wake up. You know Ethan will get angry at you.” She said and walked to the door. She opened the door to leave the bedroom but paused and turned to the man, who did not open his eyes or move at all. She heaved a sigh before shutting the door. She turned around and walked to the bed. She sat on the edge beside him and observed his handsome face. “Hey! I know you are not sleeping.” He did not give her a response. She let out a chuckle as she ruffled his face with her damp hair and chuckled. He opened his eyes and grabbed her waist. “I knew it!” She exclaimed when she noticed him looking at her. “How can you decide to go out without giving me a morning kiss, hmm?” He asked while examining her beautiful face with his eyes. As she became entranced by his alluring eyes, she leaned in close to his face. It had been one year since their marriage, but they still experienced the same passionate attraction for one another as they did at the beginning of their relationship. Their lips brushed. Ryan cupped her cheeks and was about to kiss her when suddenly the door burst open. “I can’t believe it!” 
A deep, angry voice echoed throughout the whole room. Allison immediately moved away from Ryan and stood up. She glanced at Ethan, who had just walked into the room with a frown on his face. She realized that she had forgotten to lock the door. Ethan’s eyes fell on Allison, and he shook his head. “What?” Ryan asked and rolled his eyes. Ethan turned to him and said, “I can’t believe that my brother is busy with his wife in bed while I am searching for him all over the house.” Ryan sat up. He was only in black sweatpants. The blanket moved from his bare chest as his tattoo became visible to others. ‘Esto quod es’ Allison frowned when she saw Ethan looking at something carefully. She turned, and her eyes widened in embarrassment when she saw love bites on Ryan’s chest. Well, that was her favorite area to mark him. She quickly wrapped a blanket across his chest and smiled in an odd manner as she did so. She was doomed to embarrassment. “Love birds.” Ethan muttered. Ryan scoffed at him. “Bro, now, can’t I just kiss my wife after waking up? You ruined my time.” Allison glared at Ryan to shut his mouth, but he was shameless enough to wink at her after saying those things to Ethan. “Yes, you can. But not on your brother’s wedding day ” Ethan demanded and ran his fingers through his hair Today was Ethan’s wedding After dating for a full year, the couple decided to tie the knot. Elora was the bride to be. He was very excited. He claimed that he had developed strong feelings for his mate. “I am coming in ten minutes,” Ryan replied. 
“I can’t wait for tonight. “You are talking like you have never banged her before.” Ryan stated this and mocked him. “What the hell!” Allison said to Ryan, “She is right. How can you talk like this in front of a lady gang member?” It was Max who spoke out. He had just entered the room. Allison and the other young women in the family were referred to as the “Lady Gang” by the younger men of the family. Their leader was Teresa. As a result of the fact that all of the officials of Ryan found their mates, as well as Wade, who was Ethan’s best friend, finding his mate, all of the ladies always hung out together like friends. Therefore, the males collectively referred to them as the lady gang. “Ha ha ha. Very funny.” Allison said to Max. She turned to Ryan. “And you. How could you say something like that? Day by day, you are becoming shameless, Ryan.” “Baby, why are you mad at me? Did tell a lie? Didn’t he spe-” “Shut up. I don’t want to hear any of your man-to-man conversations.” She snapped and left the bedroom. She overheard the boys’ conversation. “Ethan, because of you, she got mad at me.” “You deserve it.” Allison shook his head and walked to the hallway. She looked at the beautiful decorations in the house. It was their old pack house, which was situated in the Moonlight Crown Pack, that was now under the Black Moon Pack. Ethan made the decision to hold the ceremony for his wedding here. He stated that this pack house was loaded with memories for him, which is why he wished to have his most memorable day here in this pack house. 
She went to Elora’s room and knocked on the door. Teresa opened the door. “Thank G od you are here.” Allison looked behind her and saw Elora. “What happened?” Elora turned to her and said, “My makeup artist is really sick. Now, what will I do, Allison? It’s my wedding. I feel like crying.” Allison went to hug her and pat her back. “Don’t worry, Elora. I know a place. Let’s go there.” “Really?” Elora asked. Allison smiled and nodded her head. She ordered the maids to bring their dresses and jewelry and put them in the trunk of her car. “Let’s go.” Allison commanded the two women, who were curious about the location of their next destination after they left with her. Allison drove the car since Ryan himself taught her to drive. He taught her many other things that she could not even discuss with others. Her car is being followed by two black cars. It was Ryan’s instruction that whenever she went out in public, they were to follow her in order to keep her safe. She called someone while driving and pulled the car in front of a French-looking building. Three of them got out of the car. Allison focused her attention on the nameplate that had been attached to the header of the first floor. As memories from her past came flooding back into her mind, she couldn’t help but break out in a broad grin. She came out of her thoughts when Teresa spoke out. “Beauty Bird Makeover Salon?”
###Chapter 226
Chapter 226
Chapter 226 Happy Ending Part 2 Allison gave Teresa a fod and went inside the s Teresa both joined her behind Thak bodyguards with opened the trunk of Allison’s car, and took out the stud from wor before entering the salon. A beautiful woman came up to Aliveon and respectfully comes to her “Welcome, Luna. Long time, no see Allison smiled at her and replied, “Selena Harris, how are you?” “I was fine, Luna. But after hearing from you and being given such a significant opportunity, I am more thrilled then I could KOS SIS imagined.” Allison talked to her for some time and introduces Food Tes to her. Selena and her staff prepared everything for Elors first becaus Allison said she and Teresa would get ready later, after flors The whole day went there. It was evening Allison gave the phone a quick check and saw that Ryan had called. She paid it no attentio and instead concentrated on her makeup. After she had finished getting ready, she stood in front of the minor to examine her appearance. Selene gave her a friendly smile and remarked, “Just like Alpha said that day, the most beautiful gin. After a chuckle, Allison expressed her gratitude to her. She turned her head to look at Elora, who was wearing a beautiful white gown and was quite stunning. She looked happy with her bridal look. On the other hand, Teresa looked gorgeous in a rose-gold dress. “We have to go now.” Teresa said. Max informed her that guests were waiting in the hall for the bride. 
After saying their thanks to Selena, they left the salon. They traveled for half an hour before arriving at the pack house. As they approached the hall, they noticed a few ladies standing outside holding bouquets. “We were waiting for you, Luna.” Cynthia, Wade’s mate, informed. “Since you all are bridesmaids, come behind her,” Allison said with a warm smile, stepping aside. All four ladies stood behind Elora and entered the hall with her. All of them were pretty and perfect for their mates. Allison and Teresa walked inside the hall a minute later because they did not want to grab the attention of the guests that they should give to Elora first. As soon as Allison walked in the door, everyone turned their attention to her and bowed to her. She walked with her head up high and nodded her head at them. Her gaze was drawn to the man who was standing off to the side and staring at her. Teresa followed her gaze. So to your mate. I am going to mine.” Teresa said and went to stand eside Max. Allison walked to Ryan. He was in a black tuxedo, looking more than perfect. The more she could say about his handsome features, the less it would be. She stood next to him. She ignored his gaze. She smiled at his parents and then at her parents. Everyone gathered close to the stage. Ethan was holding Elora’s hand, taking vows of promise. He appeared content with the second chance his fate had given him. Allison’s heart swelled with a sense of relief. At this point, nobody had any problems. Everyone had found their life partner and was happy with them. “You look hot.” She heard a whisper but chose not to pay attention to it When Ryan put his hand on her waist, she immediately shifted her attention to him. She cast a quick glance in the direction of their families, who were clapping and applauding for the newlywed 
-couples. “What?” She questioned Ryan with an angry tone. “My baby, don’t get mad. You know I am blunt when talking.” He said it, but his voice was deep. She averted her gaze briefly before returning it to the stage. ‘Hmm,’ she hummed acting as though she was still upset. However, she secretly enjoyed it when he tried to persuade her. Everyone cheered as Ethan and Blora exchanged rings to signify their marriage. They climbed down from the stage and gave everyone a hug. As soon as they approached them, Ethan gave a hug to Ryan, and Elora gave a hug to Allison. “Finally, you are married to my hybrid” Ryan said to Ethan. “She is my hybrid now, bro.” “Oh, jealousy is just a disease, Big Brother.” “Look who’s talking.” Everyone laughed and enjoyed the two brothers’ conversations. There was no distance between the two brothers anymore. They pledged to stick by each other and be with their families together in the future. Their parents were living a perfect life with their sons and daughters-in -law. “Ethan is married now. He will understand the tantrum of a wife.” Max remarked as all the friends approached the two brothers after Allison and Elora left their sides. Max gave tips to Colin, Owen, Vernon, and Wade as well, since their time would be coming soon. The celebration party went long. It was time for everyone to leave. Ryan was talking to his friends and Ethan. Suddenly, his eyes fell on Allison. She was having conversations with some alphas of different packs. “You all continue. I am leaving.” Ryan said to them. “Where?” Colin asked him. Ryan glanced at Ethan. Ethan nodded and said to Colin, “Let him go. He will join us tomorrow.” Meanwhile, Allison was conversing with some Alpha. Suddenly, she felt an arm wrapping around her waist; she didn’t need to know who it 
a” other Alphas greeted and bowed to Ryan. Everyone was required show respect to him because he was the king of the Alphas. Looks like you all are in a deep conversation.” He muttered and glared at the Alphas. +25 BOHUS “No, no. We were just talking about our packs. You two can talk. Please excuse us.” One of them said. Ryan kept glaring at them until they left from the sight. “Why did you scare them?” Allison asked him. “Let’s go.” “Where?” She asked with a surprise tone. “You will get to know it soon.” He replied and dragged her outside. He opened the door of his car, and she got confused. When he came to sit in the driver’s seat, Allison asked, “Ryan, the ceremony is not over yet. “The newlywed couple knows about it. So you don’t have to be concerned.” Allison remained silent the whole ride. The car stopped close to the forest. Ryan got out of the car and opened the door for her. She reached out and took his hand when he extended it to her. As soon as she stepped out of the car, she realized where they were. “This is the way of…” she mumbled. “Let’s go.” ey ventured deeper into the woods. Walking was tough for her ecause she was wearing heels. He noticed it and lifted her into his rms. Ryan” “I can’t see my baby feeling hurt.” He said and proceeded to the destination while carrying her in his arms. 
When he reared yes to the destiption, he put her down. She was amazed by what she was looking at # was the lake Ryan yeed to call hilsafe place. On the other hand, he mathshed the environment by stinging yellow lights in the trees. There was a whale mattress, pillows, and a blanket lying on the ground in close proximity to the lake. Since everything on the ground was white, it appeared to be an incredible sight when viewed in the the empire sceno played out like aydream. Ko took her heels and went to sit on the mattress. Ryan tolowed her behind and set next to her. ********expression when she spotted his black shirt and Setragter head to the side and booked directly at him before we, Where did you do this? These were in my-” You went to my old house? at We nodded her in response. “When I went to pick up your parents in the ending, reviewed your room and found them in the closet.” You yoursel went to pick up Mom and Dad?” She asked with a Yeah. They are hiphe Ryan’s inlaws. I made the mistake of talking roughly above your dad in the meeting one year ago. So today, every highs sow what he and your mother mean to me, and they should not 1ws around with them Allison hugged him. Thanks, Ryan.” He used his palms to gently rub her back in a leisurely motion.” Anything for you, baby Are you still mad at me?” She pulled away from the embrace and smiled sheepishly. Honestly, I wasn’t mad at you. I was just pretending.” “Baby, you are getting naughty.” Saying that, he crashed his lips on hers. He started to kiss her gently, but then it turned wild. When he moved away, he wiped her lips softly with his thumb. “You are spoiling me.” Allison rejoiced with a smile. 
He pecked her lips and replied with a grin, “You can be my spoiled wife. But I should not have let those Alphas go. I don’t like how they look at you.” Allison laughed at his jealous face. She cupped his face. “My baby, just relax. They are already afraid of you.” They spent the night under the moonlight while talking about how they reached this stage of life. Allison stared at the glistening lake water. Her head rested against Ryan’s chest. They encircled themselves with the blanket and hugged each other in their arms. “Sometimes, I wonder what I did so well to have you as my mate, Ryan.” She mumbled, The memories of her past played through her head like a movie. It all started at the club. They met, he chased her, she ignored and neglected him, he helped her to move on, he made her fall in love with him, and they went into a lovely relationship, but fate separated them for a long time. They met once again in a different situation; they realized each other’s mistakes and became together again “You are wrong. I am the luckiest one You changed my life, Alon After finding you, I understood what love is Because of you,1 am living a happy life with my family. You taught me that power is not the only thing we need in life, we also need love.” “I love you, Ryan” “I love you too, Allison.” “Will we always be together like this? “I promise. Forever.” She turned her head toward him and thought of something to tease him. “You know omegas always look for love, so if you change someday, 1 will look for someone else, you know.” She joked and chuckled. She felt him turn her body around to face him. She looked into his eyes. He leaned into her face. 1 will never change, and I know you will never leave me. Because…” 
He paused and smiled at her. He kissed her forehead and said, “You Are Mine, Omega” Today’s Bones Offer GET IT NOW
